just really torn between trying to help the woman that i’ve done everything for during the past 4 years, and trying to stand up for myself and my kids in a situation that i never asked for.
she's had a history of doing drugs in the past, and i have the feeling that she's been using them to escape how she's feeling.
aita i stole a deaf outdoor tabby cat so it wouldn't get killed.
guest given air mattress that will slowly deflate throughout night
i'm currently going to a class that i started taking in september, it's really informal, people show up late, or not at all and it's never a problem.
i mean wouldn't she have seen my feet?
as she often used to "train" me as you would a dog.
she seemed to have studied in the mornings only while i had a full day (7am - 5pm, top tier school of the city, yes i'm an asian).
my supervisor have then adjusted the schedule to be fairer for the next month.
it’s at this time that she confesses she has already slept with someone else, and that she wanted to do stuff with me a few nights ago.
she’s divorced (30ish years?) and lives alone.
edit : i want to point out, that when i see her really struggling on carrying whatever it is , i help her anyways.
aita because i laughed at my friend?
so i've known this person for about a year, we were both 17 when we met, and we've been fairly close since then.
i should make it known that i didn’t leave them with no childcare.
(she likes softer, upbeat tunes while i like rockier ones) i thought i was being pretty respectful and then another song had some particularly bad lisping/mangling of the english words in the song and i straight up said, "oh i didn't like that.
if that were the case, i'd have driven us home for christmas every year.
anderson cooper informs viewers cnn just minutes away from first significant piece of information of day
thwarting of arch nemesis leaves sky commander feeling empty
child abuse: how much is too much?
inconsiderate jackass takes up entire parking space
does that make me the a-hole, grinch in this situation?
chuck e. cheese's announces new lower prices, but the restaurants will be dirtier
she won't be my future soulmate, but i certainly enjoy being with her.
i had enough, so i dropped my weights and walked up to him and looked him dead in his sweaty eyes and yelled "shut up and squat!
i want to tell myself that he just happened to change his mind in the time we broke up, but i can't help wondering if he had wanted to be with her all along and felt trapped by me.
i didn’t tell him like i was trying to be sneaky or something in order to make money, i just told him how fun this idea would be and i guess he believed it enough to start working on it.
new pfizer breakthrough miraculously extends lifespan of near-death patents
my first thought was how tf she did this when she’s pregnant?!
i think that this situation justified getting angry and i should be allowed to express that anger.
turns out he had broken into someone's house, left (without stealing anything, just made a bit of a mess), then was intercepted by police as he walked in circles in the middle of the road.
i asked my friends about the possibility of inviting her out on a trip, or spending time with her doing something she liked or at the very least reaching out to her, but they didn't want to, with a few of them even saying they didn't like her anymore.
kerry captures bin laden one week too late
w2: sorry sir but it is what it is, we are kind of precise on the prices and it doesn't matter if you went here for 20+ dad: alright so i'm paying €70 for a lamp that i can buy for €20 online and €55 for the mounting that i could've done myself with the help of google in under 40 minutes, ofcourse i would lose some benefits that i have for my bike but i would save €105.
like it was bland and fucking gross.
so one night he and i took a popular club drug and ended up doing the deed.
this week he had stayed back late two days.
&#x200b; however, being an artist, i'm super fuckin poor lmao.
whatever she would have got them though with the amount she would have spent, they can all easily buy the same for themselves as through either work or benefits they do have enough money to cover the cost of her gift.
i feel like i am over reacting a bit, but i just haaate to see him be so holier-than-thou-ill-make-the-sign-of-the-cross-before-dinner kinda guy.
i am now in an amazing relationship with kyle and my friends and and family all adore him.
most of the people there i did not know, but they were pretty nice.
she said i was rude and had a superiority complex, claiming that i thought i was better than everyone else in the class.
nature films: do they glamorize molting?
it's about 15 minutes from my house and all back roads in a pretty small town i should mention to help narrate the picture.
report: mom has plan for tub of whipped cream in fridge
peter o'toole objects to being in oscar death montage
she also gets off on being called derogatory names, like "whore" and "slut".
cuban army honors fidel castro with 21-gun firing squad
i was right next to him and he wouldn't even address my presence.
vince gilligan's brain spoils final season of 'breaking bad' for vince gilligan
with that in mind, i asked her out to go see a night festival at a park.
i told her to call a nurse and ask if she should go in and seek treatment.
aita for wanting an open relationship so, i (f, 22) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (23) for three and a half years now.
obama's fifth gulf coast visit really helps a lot
usually there was something going on and i get it, he can't be on his phone 100% while he is with family/friends/etc.
this happened a few years ago but still feel guilty.
idea of doing nothing until next mass shooting quickly gaining traction in congress
drunk pilot going to pull over onto cloud until he sobers up a little
aita for wanting a reaction for a donation &#x200b; for the last couple of years i have been on a student loan, as i was studying at university.
i do not plan on staying in contact with her after this.
lawn mower injured in rand paul attack returns to work
i've done this at least a dozen times and he seems completely oblivious to my hints.
he's had one other person stay in the room--that we both knew well--before he found out that she had been lying to him about some stuff.
our social groups were somewhat connected in the past, but i actually hear and see this guy a lot more because of my so.
they clearly know i am pissed off at this point and are all avoiding eye contact with me and looked scared shitless.
edit 2: i realise that what i did was wrong, and i'll definitely apologize to him, this was the first time this type of thing ever happened, and i do think we can make up.
however, most saying yta have made many wrong assumptions.
she goes on about how she was having a really hard time and was having a mental breakdown and thats why she left me on read.
am i making an ass out of myself by doing this?
they drive her everywhere and go to all of her appointments with her etc.
man at gym just watching tv
area man urinating like it's the best thing ever to happen to him
selfish i know, but i don't want to lose that.
now, for my birthday in october she gave me a really cool winter jacket.
how dare you say 'consider this your warning.' my point is i'm all for collaboration but you need to respect others.
i've asked her to stop many times because it makes me feel like she doesnt care about me or that she'd rather be on her phone than spend time with me.
i told my gf not to worry about it anymore.
come to find out, this guy is also cheating on the girl he cheated on my friend with.
entire life of universe flashes before stephen hawking's eyes
and never ever cries for no reason!
that kind of boosted my morale and confidence in my skill at the the game.
translator asks bannon to repeat that last spectral scream during congressional testimony
she caught me in the lie and lost it.
system for telling clean clothes from dirty falls apart by second day of trip
1.) why don't you two just move out?
i was just moody, grouchy, i told him i didn't want him to stay over and not have sex.
i know i fucked up, but at this point i was telling him “this is a red flag if i cheated on you in the beginning you should take this as a sign i probably won’t respect you in the future.” nope, he just didn’t get it.
she responded by telling me it was immoral to support anyone who thinks it's funny to make jokes on the holocaust.
wounded marine: friendly-fire bullets hurt that much more
i messaged him about a large group meeting we had planned to discuss christianity as well as do other stuff like talk about college experience.
gingrich privately regretting not doing 'more jew stuff' on florida campaign trail
mom has the flu really bad.
i stay with different friends and my bf which is totally forbidden but i didn't care becos i was mad.
(side note: i have thought about quitting but it is easy money and hard to walk away from).
apparently it's not supposed to be so violent, as some people have pointed out so we will be seeing a different vet.
i've known the past few months things between them have been pretty rocks with multiple times of them almost breaking up.
if there is anything i left out let me know.
new 'doctors without licenses' program provides incompetent medical care to refugees
hasbro pledges additional 30 marbles for hippo-hunger relief
messages and texts telling me how she feels like i used her and that she's regretting knowing me.
- /you/ messaged me & proceeded to do nothing but make excuses for about /their/ fuck up - i would not do the same.
she begged, saying only a couple of other older family members were going with her.
a’s dad is a moderately famous architect and m’s mom pulls in close to seven figures a year, while my dad is unemployed and my mom does newsletters for a church.
dewey decimal system helpless to categorize new jim belushi book
jealous god wants area man's '69 charger
which jackson will dominate next year's headlines?
i got to b’s and turns out he was okay, just dead asleep.
instead, i receive no answers or info about the party until the day it was supposed to happen( even this i found out from another friend who wasn't even planning it) or if i was even invited or was to help in some way.
african children given 30,000 unused 'save darfur' t-shirts
my train of thought was i had done everything i could to find it a home, there was no way for me to keep it, at the very least i gave the dog a warm home/food/water for a weekend.
grocery-store worker can't bear to eat food anymore
homework is mostly reading and watching lectures sprinkling in papers to write.
i had one drink every hour then stopped three hours ahead of time and felt pretty aware of myself so i figured yeah i can make the drive fine it's 15 minutes back roads and i feel fine.
i told him we'd eat around 6:00 or 6:30.
she also told me that i would be paying joe the 5 euro.
we'd been dating for 2 months, and i really enjoyed spending time with her, talking with her on the phone every night and just doing things with her.
but every time i find a co-op game i think everyone will like, something happens.
he blackmailed me into keeping his secret and cleaning his messes or he will out me as the thief.
mostly one popular spot where we split the hotel and pay roughly $100 each, soak in a hot tub and walk the sights.
ok i have never pass all my classes even when ectra help.
uneducated nba star urges kids to stay in school
list of names on gchat sidebar like a portal into area man's past lives
she also said that i think everything comes easy in life but for people like her, it doesn't.
so yes i expect to get my money back because your menu catfished me and i can’t even stomach this.
i see its not his but it seems familiar and get kinda mad at him for not telling me about this extra account because i told him about all mine and he still wouldn't tell me about his.
i had an affair while in a long distance relationship and prefer not to talk about it.
and when she did, she started crying because it wasn't an actual xbox.
i pulled into a parking lot at school, and noticed that the car next to me had their lights on.
edit 11:44: i see that i'm mostly asshole now.
god pissed after learning cost to replace earth's core
'elle' magazine accidentally airbrushes naomi watts out of cover altogether
plus, it was really confusing to have her go "i miss your friendship!" to "don't talk to me about personal issues!" and i told her that she was misleading me by doing so and to please stop.
she got really hurt and was in the middle of a tirade when i just put my phone down for 5 minutes, picked it up and left her on read.
restaurant that never has customers celebrates fifth weird year
biden busted in dnc parking lot selling bootleg 'i'm with her' t-shirts
sweating cornnuts vp stammers way through pitch for 'nutsarito' at taco bell
he is freaking out because he things it is the stripper and only once she has finished the task does he take off the blindfold to show that it was her the whole time.
there are a million other things that i could list that irritate me about her, but the tl;dr is that she's rude, ungrateful, and lacks self-awareness.
also, he's always trying to intimidate me or one up me.
i suppose reading back it does sound quite asshole-ish.
guantánamo detainee ruled not mentally fit to testify about psychological torture
my question is, would i be the asshole if i told them to get their shit in order or i am going to leave, and that i don't plan on coming back to stay for more than a day or two at a time from now?
baskin-robbins' cash register interface just big button for ice cream
aita for wanting to get rid of a shitty cat?
she asks me to hold knives and unloaded guns to her throat and head.
i don't know if i can believe that after her previous lies.
at home, i try to cook and eat leftovers 5-6 days out of the week but sometimes i even fail at that or have to limit certain ingredients and vegetables that my husband doesn’t like.
i tried to be as kind as i can, but at the same time i wanted to him to hear that, i told him that he doesn’t really have a chance at a big music career, and that he should focus on something more realistic that will help him establish a stable life.
man reading pynchon on bus takes pains to make cover visible
so i did the only thing i could think of and asked my ex for her cousins phone number.
aita for what i did and my reactions?
he even went on to say he thought our original agreement was ridiculous (so then why did you agree to it?) and that i have "no right to police when other people get engaged" (for the record, i wasn't policing, it was a discussion we had several times where i shared my fears and he said he would respect that).
she asked me why and i said because it’s not a very nice area.
i was in a voice call with d while this was happening and he came up with the brilliant idea that i should type “honestly i want everyone to be admin except d”.
but better than a pussy imo.
i feel like he feels like he's owed a blowjob or something, but i've clearly laid out my very reasonable feelings on the subject.
i knew he wasn’t the smartest kid before he moved in but i’ve come to realize he just doesn’t think all the time.
&#x200b; so for context: me (22f) and my boyfriend (22m) both clearly have things we need to work on, which neither of us knew about when we started dating each other.
i mean it's stinky at first but then i get use to it, i just wanna sit down and watch some yu-gi-oh man, so aita?
&#x200b; if i am said asshole: how can i fix this or at least amend my request, i think part of this is reconciliation.
i don't think it's unfair to ask her to do this since she's going to be taking a full week away.
insinuating that he's gonna give timmy the first one free then try to sell it to him...
report: gap wider than ever between ultra-rich and reality
aita for getting revenge on a coworker?
aita for being annoyed that my partner has not got in touch with me as their grandmother is dying in hospital.
palm tree fires off warning coconut
exxonmobil ceo depressed after realizing earth could end before they finish extracting all the oil
'fear not—she means you no harm,' says elizabeth warren, revealing docile hillary clinton to crowd
maybe it was so that i could see it for myself up close, but as soon as he dropped the cigarette and started walking toward me i turned around and got back in the car, telling him that he needed to leave me alone.
so i tell her "you know, it's really hurtful and not productive to the conversation for you to make all these passive-aggressive faces.
i didn't want to see that happen so i loaned them over $10,000 for tuition, book, lunch,etc so the kids could stay in their school.
even if i did go, he wouldn’t have any time to actually hang around and talk to me because their team usually ends up short a couple people).
i give z the form back and after a few minutes they come back and tell me to keep the survey because of what i wrote for the third question.
i got upset and since she does this to me all the time i tried to grabbed her phone to put it on my side so we can fall asleep.
there's no meaning here'', ''this is all meaningless'' all rushed into my head...i didn't know what was happening, i felt like my existence was meaningless.
i have decided that i want him back, i know for sure he will take me back and from the looks i can tell that he has matured and grown as a person, that gives me hopes that our relationship will be better than it was.
military now considering limiting soldiers with severe ptsd to 3 combat tours
god!" she moved toward me with her purse cocked back to swing.
but she have always wanted a big wedding, like **big** wedding, and she was sad and pissed that because of the situation she wouldn't get one.
produced an id, got yelled at and lied to.
i have been in relationships before and this sort of stuff didn’t happen too often, let alone in the first week.
i panicked and gave him my number, just so i wouldn't be late to my next class.
it wasn't ideal but it was fine for us in case one of us had to go to the bathroom we could just get up and go, no problem.
tic-tac-toe grandmaster devises brilliant new gambit
first off, i feel like an asshole, but i also feel like it needed to happen.
i honestly could not comprehend how i personally found value in someone who is that apathetic about their own society and culture and government, and as the arguement got more heated, i got to a point where i just made the decision to "walk away".
i think it's a horrible idea personally.
heat wave forces johnny cash to don black shorts
after winter break seems like none of them talk to me, won't even give me a smile when i see them in public.
shoe scientists unveil advanced 'double knot' technology
my best friend of 6 years (let’s call him jeff) asks me if i can fly up and see him i tell him i can.
nasa to send earth into space
'at least days getting longer,' squeaks tiny inner voice drowned out by rest of worries
if the left lane were clear and there were cars on the right, i'd use the left lane but now if i try to be on the left i find myself weaving through several lanes to maintain my speed.
we completely stopped using the fan.
i have done a lot to help her out with her kids, her partner even wanted to make is godparents, but i'm sure she shot that down.
bush calls for rock revolution in weekly pirate-radio address
i often struggle with emotionality and being vulnerable, and i believe i've been too callous and tactless in this instance.
she’s never had a big butt but lately i swear it’s been flatter.
census study finds thousands of undocumented immigrants living inside u.s. border wall
there are several profs teaching the same class as him, so it would take less prep time for them because they have already prepared the lessons, but he hasn't asked any of them yet.
man who's been in a bunch of buildings figures he'd be a pretty good architect
joke's on me, she kept mentioning a friend the whole time and i started getting suspicious again.
aita for pouring hot coffee into the trash at starbucks when i need more room for cream?
except she kept up the flirting when we were alone, and everyime i stepped it up she would step it up herself.
on new year's i sent her a new year's greeting, asking her to please tell me if there was a chance she could forgive me.
we are both 40 years old now and have had sex less than 5 times.
said friend stormed off to another cabinet.
report: 97% of inner tube occupants agree it doesn't get any better than this
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: no big deal &#x200b; &#x200b; her: yea i see that, " i was rebutting your excuse with my values i care about the represenation of ".
we live together and share a bank account so i felt like his pay was my business, but should i just keep out of it and let him keep working these extra hours without complaining?
that's probably a story for another sub, so long story short, just yesterday we relented and wife is going to give her the money out of short-term savings.
i go full stalker mode and go through her follower list, and i find one of the funniest names of all time.
man wishes there were some kind of pre-midterm race where voters could select better candidates
when we got off the plane, i saw a little nine-ish looking girl get out of the seat.
new grown-up monitor allows children to listen in on parents crying
he still holds to "you didn't stay for a year, so now it's your problem".
they also posted dms from other people defending my point of view.
he says that america's labor laws don't provide well enough for people making minimum wage to deal with infected people like me.
depressed cat just going through motions of destroying couch
to get the scholarship i had to submit a community service form (80 hours), a five paragraph essay, and an hour long interview.
'lost' possibly still airing in parallel dimension, desperate fans report
historical archives: secret society of free-bakers has fail'd to gain influence
it’s about 20 minutes into our hour long break and i’m feeling okay.
bored predator drone pumps a few rounds into mountain goat
(i have an iphone 6) anyways, to make ends meet and afford non-necessities, my dad goes around to all the home depots in the area, buys the stuff that is on clearance (sometimes it’ll be stuff like a panini press or sink faucets for 1 cent) and he’ll resell them on craigslist.
i told him that he needs a manicure if he wants to touch me down there and he got his feelings hurt :(.
i was a little confused because i thought i was going to be a bridesmaid in her wedding party, so i would not be able to play.
i began stating how childish that is.
mom: i just can't ever say the right thing with you can i?
i went over to the illegally parked suv and kicked out all for valve stems.
my partner has just gotten his first 'proper' job as an undergraduate software engineer at a large company and he is loving the work.
we've spent 3 weeks just reading through the intricacies of hamlet, which i spent napping or playing on my phone.
winded trump forced to lie down for last half of speech
ominous darkness descending on webpage portends grim age of autoplaying ad to come
aita for telling my depressed friend that their life is meaningless?
hootie and the blowfish: breaking down racial barriers between black, white pussies
man just having one of those decades where he doesn't feel like doing anything
then i met my third girlfriend.
especially when they too have their own standards and "preferences" but i'm not "allowed" to get turned-off by lesbians.
which is not the case at all.
i go along with all this and i dont really hate it.
i feel like if i made some big social gaffe i should at least try to apologize.
i was moving for work, she didn't want to.
i slept all day and used enough tissues to probably single handedly be guilty for the deforestation of half the rain forest.
&#x200b; \*edit\* i did offer to look for her\*
christ returns for some of his old things
alarming u.n. report finds world lost 40 million acres of personal space last year
aita for sleeping at my guy friend's house even though my boyfriend doesn't want me to?
in the meantime i struck up a romantic relationship with a friend (17f) of mine which essentially boiled down to fwb no strings attached no feelings involved.
her dad is also a narcissist and just an asshole in general (racist, sexist southern dude).
it was winter and super cold out so i felt really bad for the dog.
one day, out of nowhere, john contacted me and was super upset because he found out that i was talking shit about him (which was not true) and told me he was done with me and to never speak to him again.
i really don't want to be the asshole at the happiest place on earth but if i am i need to know.
but last night i'm at a bar, and both mark and jia are there.
every time i attend a potluck party or there's a potluck at work, i've always been told my the host(s) that there is no requirement for bringing food.
aita for telling my gf's dad she was raped after she cheated on me when i first started dating this girl six months ago our love i fell madly in love very quickly.
gop completely fixes economy by canceling funding for npr
he asked me, “why would you say that?” i told him that it was because what he did was uncalled for and disrespectful (not that what i did wasn’t).
america gets set to enjoy month or so of libya seeming like symbol of freedom
we've been in a relationship of two years and never had a big fight before this.
i got so pissed, i said "look he was wrong, he came to the house where i live house and started giving orders to me, and then hit me.
he could never get rid of the doubt that his ex didn't stop cheating on him and wanted to know what measures i would need from him to make me feel like he stopped.
to get me to drive slower just needs a request.
since then, however, i’ve been really bothered by my choice.
and the time we spent was fun.
the makeup thing is gross af but it made me feel good knowing she is putting this on her face.
historical archives: to be sold - two chamber pot house
usually he doesn't have any property and if he does we just auction it off or he gives it to someone.
and yet having it confirmed hurt a lot considering how i've been trying to be more intimate, only to be shut down.
i asked if she has been going to his house again and she said she has been.
am i the asshole here- or is this fucking prick the problem?
one of my friends is very good friends with one of the girls and was put on her private story.
thank you for any responses, no matter what the feedback.
it just sucks, i don't know how to explain the feeling but i feel like it will continue as long as i'm with her.
i suppose i am asking are my intentions assholish?
boyfriend and i recently moved into a condo together.
i noticed that one of my friends (let's call her kelly) wasn't drinking and it then struck me that i couldn't remember the last time i've seen her drink alcohol.
michelle obama, hillary clinton, barbara bush hit d.c. bar scene for first ladies night specials
but like, fuck man, we work together, ain't nothing wrong with saying hi.
everyone ignores what i am saying and focuses on the person who interrupted me and thinks i am rude for shutting my mouth anytime anyone interrupts me.
ghost of brando urges man to finish whole cheesecake
there is no extended family that attends, only the people who live in the house, and we can't all afford to get each other gifts...
frustrated hope hicks wishing she could find one nice guy in this autocratic personality cult
if my calculations are correct, he is making a little under $2,000/mo after paying his dues.
he keeps thinking he misplaced them.
she gets up and storms outside.
he invites me to his house every couple of months.
aita for writing ‘wash me’ on a truck?
jokingly he responds "who gave you a mailbox?" then the other person in the office responds that it is still trail and error.
stormy daniels '60 minutes' interview leads to spike in pornhub searches for anderson cooper
aita for not giving my daughter a jacket?
world rejoices as grumpy cat and her shitty attitude dead forever
anyone else in such a situation can understand.
and not just for him, but maybe for his buddies too.
so it’s nice to finally get it out and hopefully hear some neutral perspectives.
until very recently, he had been out of a job.
when that thing happened in december she told me that the other guy that raped her was there too, another cousin, so i just found out that was not one, but two.
aita for the way i handled this situation?
shitty region of country figures it might as well give producing wine a shot
for one, it's really cramped (i didn't feel comfortable walking into it, even with no furniture in it), and for the other, i would be the only one that would have to give up furniture to move there, since not one of the bedrooms can fit my 3 pieces of furniture (bed, pc desk and tv stand).
i was kind of done with her shit by this point; she talks about everyone behind their back and doesn't put in any effort for her work but throws a tantrum every time this is reflected in her grades.
she lets me see anything, whether i ask to see a random picture he sent, without her knowing what it'll be.
doctors restore ken burns' full-color vision after removing massive tumor from filmmaker's visual cortex
st. louis mayor has sad little plan for turning city into high-tech hub
environmentalists warn swedish fish population being decimated by great pacific sour patch
she look confused and said, "why not just come see us.
the next morning, i found he had done a better job cleaning (though i am not satisfied, i appreciate the attempt), but my freshly roasted coffee has grease smeared on the container somehow.
she then sees that the bag has 2 left and gets furious.
saddam hussein presents suicide bomber's family with oversized check
now, when she passed on nothing really changed about my situation, other than the monthly rent going from $75/mo to $50/mo.
my recent ex, i don't know much about her because she's essentially hidden from me.
(they are 11 and 2 years old respectively, i'm 18.).
i doubt she will offer an apology and that is going to make things much worses.
i fully respect it if i am.
huckabee sanders claims playing cohen tape backward reveals hidden message exonerating trump from all wrongdoing
purina introduces 'own shit' dog food flavor
no one had called ahead like they usually do.
my teacher sat me next to asia so that i could help her out.
disclaimer: i do not support any discrimination between races or support racist organizations, please don’t take it that way.
now this is where i ask aita here for feeling annoyed?
we were both slow to respond on reddit, so we exchanged numbers.
&#x200b; everything has a potential to be funny.
generally, he has been pretty rude.
wibta for asking my stepdaughter to give a curtsey knock before she walks into the house quick background.
pfizer breaks psychological need to always seek fda's approval
loud fake laugh misinterpreted as loud real laugh in critical sarcasm miscalculation
psychic-phone-line customer used to be closed-minded just like her friends
ex: reported me for saying the n word on the day i was sick with the flu.
he was bullied a lot by other kids for being gay and i stuck up for him.
my mother was about to burst, but i calmed her down, trying to not worsen the situation (note: i'm actually bi but i'm not out to anyone, but i've always had snide remarks from my aunt in particular.).
&#x200b; so the current situation: he and i have been texting regularly over the past two months; at least 3-4 times a week.
i still had a small amount of feelings but it wasn't until she asked me to hang out was when i told myself i should try it out and see where it goes.
she started talking about colorism in india and how darker women are discriminated against.
congress allocates $90 million to protect remaining eagles members
but its frustrating to talk about.
yeah it's not about me, but she's alienating everyone going to her wedding, and basically saying she's better than us.
aita for not moving out of public housing after getting a new job?
she was born here in our city, so she has many relatives (her brother for instance) there.
she mentioned that i knew who was sending the threats, thus getting me involved.
i started to cry and got out of bed to have a shower.
the door to the motel locks and i had to just sit on a bench outside for that whole time.
i been asking come with me and do some exercise and they say no and i being nuisance.
he straight up left yogurt out and continued to eat it for a couple weeks.
report: nothing wrong with a good old-fashioned ham and cheese sandwich
jennifer aniston finally reveals hairstyle that repulsed brad pitt
area man shocked to see his elementary school has a website
smug new mom going to start a blog
hubble telescope desperately struggling to contact nasa after witnessing murder on ganymede
rex tillerson shoots mike pompeo quick email explaining all the countries
i feel like the situation is very different in this case.
if her mom doesn't know that shes hurting rose, things won't get better.
they need help with the spring clip collars for the end of the barbell.
after he died we tried to get her to move closer to family but she refused on the basis that her friends still lived in the city.
i proceeded to say i refuse to keep his confidence in this matter as in the past he has not respected me and my wishes in similar matters such as harassing me or my family in front of others, which he thinks is funny and i do not.
i was confused by all of this and i sent him this email: “good morning, it has come to my attention that (the eldest brother) had molested your three daughters.
i just gave her a pat on the head and said that each of her babies were just meant to be.
i said that i didn’t want to force her to do anything, but i wouldn’t want to continue to be in a relationship without sex, but i would like to still be friends.
however, she is an artist, and she sometimes likes to draw while i read.
&#x200b; oh god, i know this sounds terrible.
&#x200b; i ended up with negative 5000.
am i the asshole for thinking this way?
moving over to my mom's place is not a choice, as i would have to change my school.
partly because i blew previous chances of meeting them and **it would be even more awkward to finally sit with them after they’ve been here for 5 days probably anxious to meet me for real**.
after every incident i asked the staff to talk to him about it, and they said it was handled, but then he'd act the same way in the next game.
so sometimes i just jokingly say, “hey ..
he told me he was planning something so that’s when i called his dad, but i had work to go to.
so i've been dating my girlfriend for a little over a year now, and i've made it pretty clear with her that i don't like clubbing in the slightest, and made it crystal clear that i wasn't gonna stay with her if she decided to do go clubbing as that's out of my comfort zone and wouldn't feel good about it at all.
however my friend is sometimes unable to sustain a "good" level of drunk before he starts to go a bit crazy.
it started infrequently but it’s increasingly higher in the number of times i’ve called him that, to almost practically every time we talk/text each other usually he doesn’t care but sometimes i see him feeling uncomfortable about me calling him that.
i’m a girl, but i only hang out with guys.
sixth grader begins work on pony trilogy
hopefully some therapy will help me deal with my feelings of anxiety and i will not be asking her to leave her dream job anymore as that is not the root of the issue.
new indie film sweeps cannes, sundance
i said that if his post was still there when i checked back the next day i would report him and he would most likely be banned.
by the afternoon my boyfriend had texted me quite a few times and was getting worried.
students thankful standardized curriculum sparing them from free-spirited teacher's antics
later on during the stay my grandmother asks "is she shook up by this?" uhh grandma she was raped so yes she is shook up.
but in a game where being an asshole is a valid strategy so the game is called [mafia]( or werewolf.
career spider not sure she's ready for 3,000 children at this point
postmaster general loses laptop; zip-code data of millions at risk
area man's back aching after bad night's sleep, 58 continuous years of horrible posture
i don't want to get fired for this.
she asked if there was something wrong, and i calmly repeated that i would like to speak with her manager and could she please go get him.
i didn't respond to that dm and blocked her cousin.
stack of unused cd-rs turns five
mom breaks into son's apartment at night to administer 2013 flu vaccine
i told her everything that i had been holding in.
inside: the fetish photography of german chancellor helmut kohl
cia awkwardly debriefs obama on creation of crack cocaine
aita for telling my ex's "flavor of the month" that my ex is a narcissist?
aarp blasted as out of touch, past its prime
the atmosphere for men now a days is so scary and there are so many horror stories of what can happen to guys for stuff far less offensive that nudes and she knows that i worry about this things and have an abysmal dating history, an i an asshole for being upset about her seemingly rubbing my face in it?
on top of that, some people have said i should have brought this up earlier, i tried my best to work with them and gave them a month to do an easy part, they didn't show up to meetings and kept making excuses as to why they couldn't meet.
one of these clients is an old guy, pushing 70, with a smoking hot young wife.
nation's attractive people demand we send them all $200 checks
i apologise and go to get some napkins.
diners slightly unnerved that waitress didn't write down order
ffw to today, it's been about 4 months and i had sent out my scales as my snapchat streaks, i had just hit 64kg which i'm happy with.
sound technicians resort to hanging donald sutherland upside down in empty stairwell to get optimal voice-over tone
am i doing something or giving her false hope?
we also live two hours away from them so this not just something she can do in an afternoon and will most likely be a whole day commitment.
from what i can gather she is plucking up the courage to end it but is worried about doing that for a series of reasons.
&#x200b; **tldr; fiancee whom i love had a closet drinking problem and checked herself into rehab, i break up with her and move out before she gets home and i have pretty much abandoned her since then.
t-mobile announces wireless service now covers 70% of your apartment
congress orders clerk to see if he has any in the back
my husband expressed he didn't want to sell or buy a new one so i let her know we couldn't sell.
painting of jesus totally knows area man is high
god wondering whatever happened to that planet where he made all those monkeys
aita for having sex with a woman who recently separated from her husband?
close to her death he contacted my boss and told him i needed to come home which they agreed.
cell-phone user promises girlfriend, entire post office he'll try to change
we dont actually believe what we say— its just a stereotype.
and the thought of my gf (or anyone) taking the time to be nice to him disgusts me.
i said no, and she followed up by asking if i cared.
report: average consumer puts blind faith in 87 corporations per day
area father remembers when he thought killing family, self was crazy
don't get me wrong, i don't hate her.
\[3:57 pm\] him: i didn't think that would offensive \[3:57 pm\] him: my bad \[3:57 pm\] him: i wasn't throwing shots \[3:57 pm\] him: i told you i've had a cough for over a month \[3:57 pm\] me: loool \[3:57 pm\] me: whatever \[3:57 pm\] me: im not stupid.
no clear winner in feces-throwing conflict
it just takes away the boredom in my day.
proud of myself for just powering through it and making it clear none of those clowns lifted a finger to make the finished product.
bleeding john bolton stumbles into capitol building claiming that iran shot him
nra sends complimentary bereavement gun baskets to families of shooting victims
residents of philadelphia, cleveland at least relieved they can't host another one of these fucking things for few decades
so reddit please help me out, aita?
historians uncover lost socrates dialogues where he just gave up and started screaming that opponent a fucking brainwashed shill
(it was some kind of form-hugging sweater dress so it was fairly noticeable).
so does she, but it isn't a very well paying job, as her degree didn't really create that many career options.
after this i told her it felt weird now having seen her nude and went to bed, the next day she told me that she felt i took advantage of her and persuaded her into sending nudes by pretending to be interested when i wasn’t, so i told her the truth about my lack of attraction but in a somewhat indirect way.
i started seriously going to the gym and eating right after being tired of being skinny for the past year or so and wanted to change.
for some reason i feel the need to defend myself to strangers so i will clarify that it was a new friendship that had been declining for some time and this event was something of a final string.
but i outted him in front of my cousins who i’m certain relayed the info to my uncle and father.
this was after her telling me i was paranoid about her talking to a other guys occasionally.
rookie usda agent vomits after seeing first rotten orange
one of his cousin tried to start a fight with me and my cousin at their wedding.
annoying youtube algorithm not letting man forget single time he watched 14 hours straight of hitler speeches
taken from discord sister: if someone has a concern about something that she disagrees with, shes really good at minimizing peoples feelings, its literally like getting emotional support from a brick wall.
i asked to see her in person so could talk and clear things up, but she said she couldn't do that right now.
i know that i should be supportive and i'm trying to be but everytime we talk about it we end up fighting.
nta so a long time ago, i made a joke on a bulletin board than an asian actor looked "mongoloid." mongoloid is a medical term for "a person with down's syndrome." i was reported and my post deleted for "being racist and insulting to people from mongolia." long story short, i fought, i gave a list of medical journals and articles, and i got banned.
all of my female friends have moved too far away to visit very often and i don't have very many opportunities to/am not very good at making new ones.
new restaurant specializes in trendy japanese-japanese fusion cuisine
he protests, saying we need to get ready to leave.
cue the end of december and my fraternity announces a retreat to tahoe, to potentially party, have very fun moments and really develop bonds with other people in the fraternity i haven't gotten to know.
people attacked me saying i didn't know what it was like to struggle with infertility.
all of my extended family still live in malaysia or hong kong.
one of our friends bailed and we didn’t want to go to the party alone so we watched tv and smoked a couple of js.
because of this, i know that he can be a really genuine and caring person, but he does a lot to cover this up, and he is also very picky about who he is genuine to.
lately i have been attacked when this is revealed.
child baffled by stationary, non-violent images
netanyahu defends new alliance with israel's far-right aryan supremacy party
he is also very handsome when he puts effort into his appearance.
so i'm a high school student in my senior year, i take the bus to school everyday, and won't turn 18 for another few months.
i wasn't this harsh when i told him, and he said he's thinking about it.
woman all geared up to complain about work sidelined by friend with marital problems
regular on sandy hook truth forum complaining about recent decline in quality of discussion
for punching this new guy who claims he has some mental condition(probably autism) for touching my stuff.
town nervously welcomes veteran back home
aita for offering advice on tinder?
meaning of dream obvious to everyone else
my mom and i are close, and she's been supporting me all my life.
but i was curious to see what people would say.
frantic steve jobs stays up all night designing apple tablet
since she has a well paying job her family use her as effectively their personal atm, all of them constantly ask her if they can borrow money as well as effectively demanding lifts from her; if she refuses then they get pretty annoyed.
i felt betrayed but this brought devin and i closer.
if the dog is actually nice and friendly, the two will become inseparable.
i wanted to say thank you to those of you that offered your condolences, even though you didn't have to.
then, she doesn't even let me respond, and instead either walks away to chat with someone else or just moves her body to the side and starts a conversation with someone else.
once-loyal enabler betrays man by suggesting therapy
paramount home video pleased to bring man feature presentation
man panics after reaching age where parents prematurely started family
man takes sober moment to reflect on fact that most of meal already gone
i was on my way to the bus for work where i would be working for 12 hours with a 2 times 2 hour drive like the day before.
he proposed over easter weekend last year and we were well into wedding planning for this summer.
i am straight; 100% heterosexual, and monogamous.
aita for getting into an argument with my gf’s mom?
45-year-old to help candidate understand youth vote
dad finally found in front of tvs at sears
aita for cutting her hair in revenge?
as a high school senior, i've been trying to apply for as many scholarships as i can so i don't have to rely on him to fund my post-secondary education but i'm starting to realize the likelihood of getting a full ride is very slim.
my sister didn't give a fuck, until this happened.
it also wasn’t exactly my place to do anything to him at the time.
man unsure whether to tip bathroom attendant just for wiping his ass
i helped get his computer set up free of cost and that was it.
loose first-grader brings home different friend every time
ostrich-farm employee 'asking for it,' say witnesses
she eventually packs up the few things she brought and leaves (we don't live together), barely saying another word in the process.
i've always been very open with her about still being interested in her and we've been on and off since last year but we hadn't slept together since this summer.
that show about the lady sheriff finally released on dvd
when she came home she said she had missed me, and my reply was: i haven't had time to miss you.
i would feel bad if it wasn’t for the fact she does nothing to help herself.
all said nothing came out of those incidents.
jaguars, raiders hold postseason exhibition game in london
i ended up buying the majority of the kitchen supplies; you know, a decent nonstick pot/pan set, a colander, silverware, cooking utensils, etc.
aita for telling my sister no for getting a tattoo?
i've decided to ignore her for the time being.
she would agree to talk about it then she'd accuse me of cheating then she'd start laying ground rules for this alternative relationship then she demanded i end it then she discussed the pros and cons philosophically....and rinse and repeat like this every ten minutes for three days straight.
i don't expect a lot from him, but i feel disrespected.
sports bar makes more room for tvs by getting rid of tables, chairs, bartenders, customers
dole makes pretend white house out of card table, sheet
my girlfriend’s close friend, mary, is getting married next summer and my girlfriend and her friend julia are going to be bridesmaids.
vacationing secretary of homeland security asks neighbor to keep eye on nation over weekend
i do suffer from some emotional problems and sometimes it’s really difficult for me to know when i’m being in the wrong or unreasonable and this sub is always really helpful for getting a feel for where i really stand without the bias of my friends or whatever.
she is a very vocal and strong minded person which sometimes i think gets in the way of her ability to accept that other peoples decision.
she threatened to punish the all of her students for this.
no injuries, everyone was going like 5mph.
fbi director wishes he had some alien thing to cover up
so when he asked me if i had seen his ex at that party, i don't know why but i lied and said that i had seen her with other guys.
nyc health department cracks down on food vendors who fail to wipe off meat with rag
the fact is, there is literally not enough time in a day to take this many courses and pay for a plane ticket.
i said no several times, but he kept offering—i want to say he offered more than ten times.
man worried any crazy person could get hands on congressional seat
but she has never lived on her own, and she doesn't understand concepts like 'first and last month rent is due at signing'.
crowd outside white house hoping to catch glimpse of president naked
then she added me in a group chat with her bf because she said she was getting mad, and this guy is just treating me about if i keep talking to her or her friends he will come to find me, which i told him that we can meet if he wants to, but he just kept saying that he was going to beat me up but never wanted to meet.
ultimately we tried to help her but by the time we realized the problem it was too late, so almost none of her work actually made it into the final program.
'what if we put m&m's on top? would they eat that?' doritos exec wonders out loud
local gym teacher loves forcing children to dance
we've had our ups and downs as with all relationships, but it's been mostly up, and we really enjoy the time we spend together.
pope francis asks congregation if it's okay if they do a low-key easter this year
owner tearfully releases american pharoah after triple crown win
now it's 3 o'clock in the morning and i am a little distressed and felt like i needed emotional support.
one of the sucky but necessary things is that you go out with "your" dog during training and they try to trigger a seizure with all the distractions around (for example at a mall, park, theme park).
i wanted to make an argument that she goes into this a bit gullible as she would be immortal and nothing bad could happen to her, but she stopped me mid sentense and that i should shut up.
disillusioned hollywood sign moves back to small iowa farm town
my ex is among these friends going.
finally i said if she wants me to go to the hotel with her then she’s footing the whole bill.
i tried to subtly get her to tell me what was wrong, but that didn't work.
when i first walked into the suite, it reeked of weed.
it was whole (head, paws and everything).
disney's 'toy tales' hits theaters friday
the desks we sit at are long desks, the kind you get in computer labs in colleges.
our friends think i am because i offered to drive and didn't bring it up right there.
aita for getting angry at people when they talk too much about completely irrelevant things?
report: sharks to only kill 10 people this year but one of them will be you
i believe our friendship is still fine, but i am left wondering, am i the asshole?
man's ear violently contorted in earphone's vice grip
no one at ad agency remembers hiring carrot top for commercial
we've both expressed interest in each other, and she's stayed over at my place a few times, though i refused to do anything with her.
dan quayle on standby to take over as bush family patriarch after george h.w. admitted to icu
said that he can be a little long winded but we need to be respectful.
i also said that if finding a big enough place was outside of their budget, i would gladly contribute to the cost of the accommodations.
military drone takes advantage of gi bill education benefits
whenever i hear about him still lying or doing his same old tricks, i get happy because that means he didn't change, even if that means that he's hurting and lying to other people.
i had the volume up for maybe 5 minutes before i said his mom wouldn't like it so we should turn it down.
i'm in the process of recovering from (relationship) ocd and i've recently reduced my meds meaning i've had a surge of intrusive thoughts.
we've not had a proper conversation since and it's now 2 years after the incident.
edit2: i’m not advocating for censorship of things i don’t like.
video game shopkeeper starting to get suspicious after selling 800 bombs to player
as far as i know nobody has ever had any issue with it, with one exception.
hell, b didn’t even help out with toilet paper for the first month.
i understand that it is his money and his choice but i can't help but feel frustrated and annoyed as i feel that it is holding me back from doing what i want to do.
period of time in which parents proud of how much child can eat quickly dwindling
but i’m not sure about this particular case.
sales of guys gone wild video disappointing
boeing ceo admits company made mistake by including automatic self-destruct function on all 737 max planes
mom produces decorative gift bag out of thin air
she didn't medal but she placed top 10 in her event.
a responsible driver should maintain enough distance in front of them that \*any\* emergency can be responded to immediately.
city councilman from future warns against building 12th avenue rec center
she recently let it slip that she smokes weed regularly because it makes her feel good and helps her forget about her problems.
(i have had depression before, i am aware of what it does to the human body)
trump: 'we will fight in afghanistan until victorious, or i change my mind, get distracted, look bad, or get bored'
and honestly at this point i kinda said fuck it.
life much better thanks to recent elections
he was the most beautiful person i’ve ever met and made the few months i would see him walking around my college campus worth it and mean something.
every morning this week i've woken up my roommate with a really really pleasant surprise of home cooked food.
>him: i know, it's just frustrating.
not that i have anger issues, she's the only one i get mad at.
charlottesville suspect might have received tacit support from high-level government figure
my apartment is definitely better, we both agree on that.
apple recalls thousands of earbuds that unexpectedly bloomed
i have told my fiancè i need help but i feel as though he has brushed it off as my problem.
i then jokingly said damn, would go to jail.
and so i just skipped over it.
fiona apple song reminds girl to be depressed
that’s the whole point of this sub!!
edit/some additional facts: -we probably had about 50 kids visit our house that night, and the majority got reese’s cups since my mom bought enough for a good 200 people.
yes, i hope that we could, and that everything would work out, but i also feel like hearing him say he chooses not to try again and continue to build a relationship with his new girlfriend would help me accepting that it really is over.
about an hour later she called me and i was ignoring her because i was out getting dinner with my mom.
comey: 'what can i say, i'm just a catty bitch from new jersey and i live for drama'
**i decided to do the right thing or at least something close to it.** i pulled over.
i feel like i am stuck in a sexless marriage.
he notes that i should've waited to call my friend.
woman who choked to death alone in apartment kicked out of book club for missing last 2 meetings
he’s on the 7/8 grade team, and is on the a-team (the school has a-d teams based on skill).
i have a girlfriend who is with me but does not take on any parental role in the children's life.
so with all that being said, am i the asshole?
ended up picking her up down the road and dropping her off.
i find this rude but he says it's what older men do, he's 38.
so she goes and picks the school that is the furthest away (literally a 15 hour drive from the city we live in, where i am from).
sometimes i'm pretty glad reddit exists.
it had no comments or likes, so i was like..
he refuses to acknowledge that someone else might have a more informed perspective than his on any topic.
after 1h, out of all the possible areas, stretching room included, a girl decides to stretch in front of me.
i'm still dependent on my parents but she is almost completely independent (pays for everything herself with the exception of having her car and phone from high school).
bo obama issues first public bark since leaving white house
he became infuriated, claiming i should blindly trust him because that’s what husbands and wives do.
i'm thinking some of this has to do with her terrible experiences with her past boyfriend, and her parents telling her she can't have sex until she's "grown up".
should i just shut up and accept a coach's authority and let them talk, and if i think i know better than them, maybe that's just a sign i'm getting cocky?
i asked what she would’ve done if i wasn’t there.
pff for a person that just joined 1 week ago and you guys made mad, wtf &#x200b; &#x200b; me: "you guys made mad" &#x200b; &#x200b; her: yes &#x200b; &#x200b; me: why are you taking him at his word?
she *heard about a lost family recipe* and the next week, bam, i'm eating my grandmother's homemade sausage again for the first time in fifteen years.
like, i would have married her if we were older and going out.
aita i accused my girlfriend of trying to trap me i’ve been dating my girlfriend for about 6 months now, and we have been having problems for the last month or so.
nation's debate viewers disgusted with selves after connecting with mitt romney
no more men to flirt with now that she had a real job (i'll get to the trouble she caused there later).
my ex messaged me asking why i felt the need to get involved.
when i dropped him off i basically said "look, you're a nice guy, i just can't date a guy with weapons in his house." he said that my reaction didn't really impress him either which actually upset me that he get a last shot in like that.
honest wedding website admits there jack shit for guests to do while in town
sorry if this story is long and a little confusing.
new rumsfeld scholarship awarded to student who demonstrates potential to ignore geopolitical consequences of armed invasion
she acted like she accepted my apology and "we were good".
pornstar has face only stepmother could love
i acctepted to stop right away, a bit angry she lied to me all along, but now she was honest, so it was fine.
by now the baby is almost a year old but she still wouldn't remember a name from this period.
unhappy couple staying together for one of their children
area man could have sworn randy newman sang welcome back, kotter theme
took it to a doctor over the weekend and yep, its broke.
they will charge the full amount for organ removal, transportation and implantation.
then an hour later the chick comes to my side of the bar with a bouncer .
kushner assures worried ivanka they'd definitely be last jews to go
my sister has wanted to upgrade for awhile but the trade-in value is not what she wanted, so my parents decided to buy it and have another car.
it's a friday, and there's a lot of tension floating around.
i thought i was just being helpful since 1.
world doesn't even know who to admire anymore after tom hanks murders 5
don't judge me on that, because i could not have helped that part, but i still need insight on why it's wrong/right for me to feel this way.
now this is where the potential assholery begins.
taco bell unveils new taco with shell made from doritos bags
area man a walking encyclopedia of everything except leading a normal life
she says i don't care and give her enough attention (i give her lots of attention!!!).
netflix cancels 'jimmy carter's world of peanuts'
new pumpkin spice channel to offer fall-themed hardcore pornography
i managed to get in the gap leaving 1 car length ahead of me with the car i passed now only a few feet behind me, laying on his horn and blaring his high-beams at me as we both slowed down to 45 to match the truck in front of us.
romney: 'this is why they call me turnaround mitty from comeback city'
babbling, grinning mitch mcconnell demands emts loading him on stretcher vote yes on healthcare bill
he told my brother and that's about it.
they recently got the persona rhythm game and i got moonlighter.
aita for not gathering at my deceased uncle's home?
within the past year or so i've been having very large packages show up at my end of the building, though this is not in my job description to handle.
should i have handled that differently?
fugitive movie heroine cuts own hair perfectly
'the conners' scores big ratings by killing off rest of family
my intention was to immediately wash it off, but my girlfriend freaks out and initiates a mini tug of war that amounts to shit being thrown everywhere.
the reason i posted here was because it’s been killing me wanting to start up the discussion again and i was looking to see if that would make me the asshole.
i can understand that some of you are getting hot and angry but this is just childish.
he was talking to three different girls and occasionally talked about them to me.
i felt like a dumbass but not only that i pissed off about 40 angry people who were late to their destination.
franz ferdinand frontman shot by gavrilo princip bassist
when we were at the friend's house, we had a really good time, and i felt bad about having to leave.
trump boys sadly release pet alligator into lincoln memorial reflecting pool
my only friend is my son, between work and him i have no free time.
republican coma candidate dominates gop debate
nation to try channeling outrage over gun control into issue that can actually be addressed
cinemax director wins award for skinematography
closeted soldiers getting in last clandestine rendezvous before 'don't ask, don't tell' repealed
aita for thinking this is a good plan?
her issues with moving were that her band is releasing an album.
apple fans disappointed after company unveils same overpriced ceo that barely fucking works
so, later that day, he dragged out his amplifier to the porch and his guitar and played over and over, full blast.
the way she tried to get my attention is the problem with me.
this summer i had the pleasure of being an intern with google for their business side, i did customer experience for google ads.
nsa assures americans that prism 2.0 will be way more invasive
i'm not taking shots at you.
i'm in the emergency department of a hospital, and you ask me to give you a seat, instead your fucking husband here?
this left a sour note on us that made has made us really dislike this particular hotel/resort and regret our choice a little bit.
at night, she’ll get up while i’m sleeping etc etc.
either way, the gas alone is going to end up costing me more than that anyway, so i was being nice.
aita for not buying candy for my little cousins who’s mom just died i just had a flash memory of when i was like 12 about 4 or 5 years ago.
i (18m) currently live in a 3 bedroom house, where my parents and my youngest sister sleep, my other two sisters share a room (one of them dorms at a college out of state) and then i have my own room.
i’ve been on like 10-11 dates with this girl, and on the 4th or so date i mentioned that one pet peeve of mine when texting is when the other person falls asleep without saying goodnight, as it makes me worry.
i’m on my phone and have been drinking a little bit and need to know if what i did was wrong and or offensive and or however redditors may deem my actions.
sad i know, i have tried but i just have no affinity for learning languages beyond my first.
nation's gay straw men march on washington for right to marry animals
there was a facebook selfie every few hours for the next 3 days.
in all these years, very few of them found out what was going on, while the others just got dumped for random made-up reasons.
study: majority of time machine owners use device primarily to get couple more hours of sleep
first reddit post, so sorry in advance for any formatting gore/lack of clarity/inappropriate post length.
pbs pulling out the fucking big guns tonight with 'andrea bocelli: one night in central park'
he is apparently "so fucking sick of that excuse".
i did mean to hurt him because he was hurting our mom but i kinda feel like an asshole.
man who treats women with respect asked what his secret is
edit; i ended up shooting her a message.
grandfather seems proud of how many people polio killed
i’ve told madison all of this but she says she also can’t afford to leave unless i pay her because she has to put down a deposit for a new apartment, and so she is refusing to leave.
i noticed the user liked my said work....
what i just want is talk about random stuff and not get personal about someones stories.
one of them is depressed and possibly suicidal (lets call him “t”) and the other is edgy and dark humored(lets call him “l”).
wibta for decreasing a groups grade?
i told him i would stay to help him sort out his medications and work through therapy, but at what point does his mental illness justify the emotional abuse?
the song "guilty" by judge d was playing, appropriately enough, and this scene was permanently etched into my brain while watching what just happened.
nostalgic man can still remember time when billboard advertised 'red 2'
b argued that her mother is still unmarried and could not afford the costs, so i had to repeat again that three children out of state is a heavy burden compared to one.
not whether you think im a terrible manager.
queen elizabeth unnerved by stephen miller's requests to sample royal baby
i was told by my original councilor how hard it was for my roomates to speak up.
i still love my wife and she still loves me.
dunkin' donuts introduces new girl scout-flavored coffee
this kills me so i'm thinking of cutting her off without any explanation.
i’ve loaned my brother about $400.00 in total over the last 6 months.
along with that as she has put them into these cases i have numbered the movies in the spread sheet with the corresponding case number in order to find movies easier in the future.
aita for telling her i value full trust in a relationship otherwise i don't see a point in it?
to celebrate our passing of highschool, its tradition for students to go on a holiday somwhere in groups with the main intention to get as drunk as physically possible.
i also offered to help the bride and designed her invitations and did a ton of research into where to source the paper as well as bridesmaid gown materials and saved her tons of money.
angelina jolie coming for your baby
literally they have fought every single day.
area man's life comes to tragic middle
to make a long story short, it ends up getting pretty heated between he, my step-dad, and i.
when we came back, i texted everyone that i was going to be packing up everything they didn't want, and that they should sort through the things i bought because i would sell it back to them.
i say trying, because despite setting an alarm for 6 or 7 every morning to go to work before school, she turns off the alarm and goes to sleep until about 9am when she will then get up and get ready for school and skip work altogether (she is not in danger or losing her job, her bosses know the situation and are ok with her not showing up).
aita for telling a flirty married woman that i would sleep with her if i had the chance?
but after hearing the words "i'm too lazy", i just couldn't.
this included the possibility of seeing other people, something i still can’t consider doing, and haven’t done.
new poultry stripe gum hardly tastes like goose after chewing for one minute
this is where an eyebrow was raised.
she naturally started dressing more modestly for the pregnancy.
i have to keep most of my things at my mother's just because there's no space here.
'roseanne' spinoff showrunner hopes big puddle of blood in kitchen enough to explain main character's disappearance
they talked it through set it up so they would basically swap weekends.
therapist who spent decade working with sex-trafficking survivors urges client to go on about how boss is sometimes too curt
parents, baby, godmother all uncomfortable with arrangement
dollar losing value against the quarter
really there’s no age that makes questions like these okay, but it’s particularly harmful to introduce such an abhorrent topic to someone in their developmental years.
&#x200b; i feel that by just ghosting her, it is sort of some justice for the lack of effort on her part.
they basicly all turned on me.
hi everyone, i live in a cul de sac neighborhood where everyone knows each other, except for one creepy weird man (who i have long suspected is a child molester) who lives alone with his small daughter (7ish years old).
mcdonald's unveils new senior citizen playplace
ex asked for the bracelet she had given me just 10 days prior.
it got me really upset and jealous.
maybe two wrongs dont make it a right, but i've tried to go about this the proper and civil way to no avail, if anyone has any recommendations i'm open to them because i doubt i'll be able to do this again.
aita for calling my fiancé useless?
she’s always tired, or sad about a movie she saw years ago.
he was pissed when he got home, obviously.
we had an amazing first year courtship.
raid introduces new box to cover bug until you work up emotional strength to kill it
i was hard on him because i was scared but i just wanted him to be accountable.
&#x200b; i am furious and upset and kind of heartbroken.
kennedy center to dishonor gilbert gottfried
lastly she says she can’t just up and quit her job.
new study finds earth's core will be most habitable part of planet by 2060
fans riot in streets as u.s. victorious
this morning, i had a girl over.
house of representatives magically switches bodies with senate
homosexual tearfully admits to being governor of new jersey
report: apocalypse actually happened 3 years ago
pulitzer board adds giant pumpkin category
we get worried, so we up the pace as we walk.
netflix town criers announce arrival of 'mad men' season 6 on streaming
they got into a massive argument after that and he said things like "that book is responsible for the death of my childhood." i think that's such an overstatement, as we had a much better childhood than we could have hoped for.
so out of anger i redownloaded tinder got a guy to come over, had him take a pic as i was sucking him off.
i will be working very hard this semester, and i will try to minimize our conflicts and maximize the transparency/honesty in our relationship.
secret service rooftop sniper team depressed by sprawling view of cleveland
( camp shit )\* by the end of the day, i pretty much had a sort of 'group', involving everyone listed above.
i have trouble planning anything in advance a lot of the time, so i tend to forget to bring something.
i appreciate the insight so far.
based on what was in that diary, she never really knew me that well.
aita for demanding full payment for my services up front, instead of half at the start and the rest after?
i said “no i don’t” and then she kept arguing so i said “whatever” and then the lady asked what party i wanted to be and my mom said “you can be republican...” and i stopped her there and said “i’m not five, i know the different parties” and told her lady i don’t want to register now.
he's been saving up a lot to get gifts for his kids.
i'd put the dishes in the dishwasher and run it the day i leave, and they still would be in it when i got back 2-3 days later.
so then i said i could give her my somewhat old phone that still worked (with minor problems like a shitty battery).
i called my sister now to discuss and it turns out the neice and the other neice were upset about it.
i proceed to put an enormous effort researching, adapting, and logging in every single pinch that went into that bread to make sure it adapts to my diet.
we never had any issues and despite our interests and physical nature i've never been scared of him ever.
sick, elderly man screaming about foreigners stealing from him
my wife and i are both in our early 30s.
also since i really don't like having sex with her i told her that she can pursue other men if she wanted.
this time around he drives over to the oncoming traffic lane to get past me and i match his pace so he couldn’t merge back into the proper direction.
man in break room can still hear time clock ticking loudly
nation's weirdest teenager buys season one dvd of 'murphy brown'
my point is that with kermit i know what he is capable of and maybe because of that ernie may have drawn the short straw.
i am very happy at this, not just the money but i also enjoy watching him fail.
when prom rolled around, wilma took her boyfriend and fred took wilma’s little sister (kinda weird).
i think almost every guy pretends to have more confidence, or less insecurities than they do when meeting women.
i call the guy's gm and tell him what i know.
**customer** why do you keep asking me if i want a refund, like it's a choice, when it seems to be the only option **agent** sorry but this is the only option i have on the system.
man struggling to pierce orange peel with fingernail under impression he could kill if he had to
smart shopper only purchases items with 'quality' on the label
earlier that day i told her i would go hard with her at the club no matter what anyone else wanted to do because we haven't gone out in a while.
my initial reaction was frustration because we do not spend that kind of money on items for ourselves and so spending it with the expectation of getting reimbursed from someone you barely know seemed like a risk that he opened me up to.
there are other, related jobs she could move into that would have better work-life balance and fewer travel requirements.
that idiot got what she deserved.
do you still have things to talk about?
it’s never been anything outlandish, just like turning off electronics when not used or picking up after himself or keeping items that we share or are mine on the side of the room that i use.
i asked him for his insurance and he showed it to me for a second then pulled out $200 and told me to take it as the damage wasn’t that bad.
then i go to tell my mother about this she just sighs.
i feel so bad but i know if i tell my boyfriend what happened he’s going to hate my cat even more and want to get rid of her.
take a piss, get something to eat, etc), it can’t be stolen from you.
entire nation pitches in to save yosemite
he was okay with it and we talked for a really long time and i felt slightly better.
report: there nothing else in bottom of gift bag
i was not telling him that he couldn’t go to sleep and i wasn’t hurt/mad because he was tired and didn’t want to stay up.
i feel very strongly about this, but i know that i might be in the wrong.
couple's fucked-up presex ritual involves tucking both kids into bed
i love my friends' kids but i also know the kids are the sole reason we never hang out regularly anymore.
i reached up to my superiors and asked them how much did college info help them in terms of knowledge and handling situations.
tldr aita for snapping at my boyfriend for talking over me?
so after jogging towards him and he's still recording i purposefully collide with him (he was standing still recording the whole time) and his phone slips out of his hand, falls and cracks.
this angers me to say the very least as he invited me).
i ask her what the difference is between that and my game, and her reasoning was that the game lasts for several hours whereas her show is only one hour.
in a lot of ways i feel like the relationship was dead before then but i’m curious what others think.
trump fascinated by israeli cultural tradition of mass slaughter of protesters
aita for skipping out on a date to watch a football game, and then inviting her over to my place?
she then gets really angry with me and tells me that he can't express emotions that well and that he does want to hang out with us and that we're all entitled.
&#x200b; you have to understand where i am coming from.
aita for showing up to work with a broken nose and wrist after a car accident?
she gets incredibly upset at this and says that nothing will satisfy her except for the hotel and night away.
aita for being upset that nobody told me what happened to my best friend?
the week before he had also apparently kicked her lip open.
he was quite camp i suppose but most people just thought he was straight.
so i work for a tech company in utah, and despite utah being a red state the tech industry is still very liberal.
u.s. border collie rounds up 11 million illegal immigrants
trump hails gorsuch as fierce protector of future amendment allowing president to temporarily suspend right to assemble
i apologized and asked her what she meant specifically, to which she replied that she doesn't like it when people claim their opinion is right and another person's opinion is wrong.
streets of portland flooded with counterfeit toothbrushes
man finally comfortable enough around girlfriend to cheat on her
colombian rebel 25 years younger than colombian civil war
new report finds energy drink consumption can lead to heart bursting out of chest, riding away on tiny skateboard
so they start dating right before college graduation and that’s great.
report: one in five americans currently holding for the next available representative
** **edit 2: this thing was nothing like a flashlight.
someone came in, had some kind of urgent need and they got called back before i did.
u.s. military honors sacrifices of nfl players by wearing jerseys throughout december
my little brother and his family were recently involved in a car crash, he was dead on impact, along with my nephew.
she actually apoligized and said the father had been drinking too much and everything.
i didn't walk to far away from them and i can already hear l getting annoyed with a because of the smoking thing.
i’m in college and i started getting with a girl who i met through a friend.
cities move to outlaw hollow-point silver bullets after wave of gruesome werewolf slayings
mellie is also pregnant with deceased bf's baby.
waters tested as 12-year-old says 'shit' in front of mom for first time
job placement service helps students who fail out of dad's alma mater find work at dad's company
i'm not the asshole, am i?
this is one of my first posts and it’s been on my mind for a while, sorry for the phrasing :)
in my real life i’m engaged to a well known streamer.
suzanne somers named u.s. thighmaster general
2 years later and i'm the bride-to-be.
i come from an immigrant family myself (korean), and i still remember the hardships my parents went through while pursuing their education.
he thinks that i am taking the bus to the emergency room.
man pissed after becoming trapped in macy's thanksgiving day parade while out walking giant pikachu balloon
i've never been in this situation before.
report: 15,000 people vanish from 'fall fest' hayride wagons each year
campus tour guides reminded to use official name for rape hall
aita for what happened to me on new years two years ago?
area liberal no longer recognizes fanciful, wildly inaccurate mental picture of country he lives in
report: store out of good kind
i just became annoyed when she refused.
this has made him so laughably incompetent in shop that its sad.
long story short, i use tumblr.
we will absorb key personnel from other branches.
the bus situation may seem very one-sided so here's another.
so, anyway, they got a warning.
one day in science class she said something about my gf at that time and i lost it.
bradley cooper racks up staggering one oscar nominations
mom is overly sensitive and cries every time someone makes a joke.
this will set me off - every single time.
meek coworker taken down a notch
i also told her i would not learn spanish just so i could communicate with my family when i'm in my own home.
this results in me hearing very uncomfortable sounds when trying to get to sleep, sometimes when i have early morning classes the next day.
aita broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years.
also, i am looking for a job, i'm just not lucky with that.
however, since i am not in the wedding party, wibta for not attending the wedding?
humble ascetic declines in-flight beverage service
area dad needs more time with museum plaque
not to mention that we already had to reschedule.
'st. elsewhere' pa grilled by howie mandel's biographer
my friend is bad at games, he plays a lot and on some days i feel like i'm an asshole to him.
giants fan visiting philadelphia feels betrayed by bud light ad for eagles
supposed 'game of thrones' buff hasn't even finished books yet
new 'avengers' fan theory suggests key to beating thanos could be nothing because he not real and none of this exists
now, i have to mention that flying has always made me uneasy despite the evidence to its safety and i do tend to get a bit motion sick.
he isn't involved in tech what so ever and there's absolutely nothing wrong about that, and it's endearing to want to engage in such a topic with me.
and a throwaway for obvious reasons i had a brother in the army that was discharged for some medical reasons.
my suicidal thoughts started at around 17 and when i joined the army i thought it would get better but it didn’t it got worse until i was discharged at 20.
aita for wanting my girlfriend and i to share food?
we've been together for nearly 2 years, during which i have tried to convince her over and over that she's perfect just the way she is (to make up for my horrible assholery at the beginning), but sometimes moments like this come up where i give her insecurities more ammo.
she took care of all the hard work of keeping a newborn alive, and my grandparents started to call her my second mother.
robert mueller driving suv 100 mph down runway as air force one narrowly lifts off
what man thinks is recycling takes city workers 2 hours a day to sort
'we'll be moving shortly,' says train conductor waiting for workers to remove dead body from tracks
aita for not wanting my girlfriend to get a second tattoo?
i think, but im not entirely sure, she said she had pledged another 5 euro to the charity.
girlfriend dumped after forwarding stupid link
in that time, i learned some very private information about her.
i don't want you playing this." now i was aware she was the jealous type, she even admits to it, but it was never anything over the top.
woman seems too hot to be riding bus
she’s generally quiet, but doesn’t abide by our roommate for cleaning duties.
schwarzenegger elected first horseman of the apocalypse
last minute of man's sexual prime expires during routine visit to dry cleaner
my bf only told me about the party ten minutes ago by saying that he’s invited (not “we’re” invited) but he doesn’t know if he’ll attend.
i give him the go ahead and he invites around 10 people over, most of which i’ve never met before.
report: more u.s. families living with multiple generations of xbox under one roof
it was about 5:45pm on a tuesday, so the place was packed with after-work crowds getting in a workout before dinner.
aita for deleting my wife's facebook friends a few weeks ago i started deleting some of my wife's (32) facebook friends to try to make her happier.
at the time, i thought we were living paycheck to paycheck and was always worried about making ends meet.
i'm not interested at all anymore.
finally i snap and just tell him, "if you dont stop speaking to me, i'm going to tell you to fuck off as loud as i can, right in your face." i didnt stay to see his reaction and just went to my car.
(we were both yelling the whole time) me: what the fuck are you doing!
new york times seeks court order to remove tuesdays with morrie from bestseller list
i tried to explain this to him multiple times, but he believed that having interest in someone's life meant that you had to have a crush on them.
it's not too far of a distance and neither of us mind making the drive to visit one another.
gop leaders move goalposts on opposing trump to him being filmed masturbating on u.s. flag in arlington cemetery
cleveland ukrainian museum pulling out all stops to prepare for onrush of rnc visitors
dad locks into elaborate chess match with lawn mower salesman
company hosts fun night for employees to get drunk and complain
wibtai told my so flat out that my friends don't like him on mobile, sorry for the formating so...
here was a moment that justified confronting another person and calling him out.
i asked if i could buy a video game i know he doesn’t like that i’m very fond of.
aita for being pissed at the girl who ruined our choir concert recording?
like im not currently in a relationship and have never cheated on someone but i really want to, and wouldnt mind if someone did it to me.
i just didn't want to sleep with tim." i replied "yeah sure, whatever.
i told a few friends we were leaving and they were all trying to convince me to stay.
local teen would choose gun with night vision laser scope if he joined army
it was brand new to that current year, it was far more than she could afford at that stage of her life, especially with that job, but it was her treasure and she always talked about it.
tldr: the couple that hosts our gane nights at their house had a baby, baby becomes an issue and distraction, wife can no longer participate even though she was just able to join.
anyway, that's all just filler to explain that i stopped to think about why i felt the way i did.
i was pretty much on auto-pilot then on.
i was closest with two people in particular, one we'll call fishfan420 and the other we'll call the noodle gimp.
bush hopes recession doesn't affect sales of his memoirs
but it was some hardcore alcoholic behavior like buying bottles of vodka and drinking them alone at night after i went to bed.
nra ad director still searching for right sinister music to play over footage of high schoolers
vladimir putin begins second term as whatever he is
report: 43% of party invitations unprovoked
and i know quite a few people.
i'm sure this will get downvoted as reddit tends to dislike anything even slightly religious, but if at least a couple people leave honest replies, i'd be fine with that.
huckabee forced to attend fundraiser with head stuck in molasses crock
so for this to make sense i have to start at the beginning.
i don't know how to deal with that.
i don't want to talk to the kid but i wonder if it's worth even being up to his dad.
i feel that i'm still not used to this new girlfriend and don't really like her.
our mom, stepped in and said that said that if we can't sort it out then she'll just take it, as she snatched it out of my brother's hands before attempting to do the same to me.
new school shooter drill includes practicing pleas to lawmakers to do something about this
lone, weak bystander targeted by pack of female friends who want their picture taken
keebler expands line of residence-themed crackers
(cross-posted from r/relationships) some background: my partner (43f) and i (34f) have an excellent, mutually supportive relationship.
but i could see something was off with my brother aaron as he approached puberty.
i just want to post about my car, and have maybe a modest following without having to post about myself.
eventually, i decided to confront her (again) some time in november.
in front of the hostess i very loudly said “you have been at work all day delivering mail, petting dogs, and pissing and you don’t see a need to wash your hands?!” he was very embarrassed and pretty pissed at me the remainder of the night/week.
george jefferson honored for black television history month
i then stated that i think it is good, that most of society doesn't think it's good to be overweight.
aita for slut shaming a girl who virgin shamed me?
i'm not sure why i'm bringing this up now, but i've become a lot more self aware of my actions as an adult and sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between standing up for yourself, prideful self destruction, or just straight up assholeness.
aita for stealing my roommates burning $10 bill?
lunch barely misses area man's vital organs
liberals horrified by lack of inexperience among obama appointees
tl;dr sister has bad acne due to medication and wants skin care products for xmas, i think it’s a waste of money.
historians reveal thousands of immigrants were forced to change hairstyle at ellis island
group of fifth-grade boys discover pile of naked ladies discarded in woods
at this point i honestly just felt a bit helpless and frustrated.
we aren't poor, we could probably sustain two dogs although it would cut things kind of tight.
report: bananas still most popular fruit for pretending to receive phone call
new poll finds public becoming more skeptical of profit-driven corporate data mine powered by human misery
michael cohen promises more damaging recordings of trump already public
he also said that he'd rather have me as his father than her as his mother.
lisa murkowski admits she thought being alaskan senator would just mean having to deal with bears and shit
reagan to be honored with $5,000-a-head funeral
i am the oldest of three boys, and my father gave said business to me and trained me to succeed him.
epa rolls back emissions standards to increase consumer choice over type of apocalyptic hellscape earth will become
u.s. general jealous that syrian army allowed to attack citizens
i’m a performer and i’ve been offered a job going on tour in a show.
i was never loud about it, just venting to the team.
state department warns americans traveling abroad to avoid lame amsterdam windmill tour
when she said she doesn't i asked her again.
she refuses my offer of a lift there.
i admit i've got issues, but i thought i was being pretty rational about it.
so his quirk is that he dresses up in feminine clothing dresses, high heels the whole nine yards and he looks amazing breathtaking completely phenomenal.
w2: that's not gonna happen dad: son just grab your bike i will pay 6x the normal amount.
i yold them something like “no, ask your dad for money”.
i dont think i was out of line, but she did only have a sweatshirt which is not the best in freezing weather.
so i set out to practise my skills on an "easier" target, where i can start with the basics.
biological life regrets waiting 2.3 billion years to try sex
however, there are two elementary schools on opposite sides of my high school and coincidentally, they're on the exact same road (and both on the opposite side of the store).
i can do what i want.
i had a bit of a crush on my roommate's sister, who was in a happy committed relationship but who i feel was pretty flirty with me.
i stood the rest of the game to spite them.
area woman encouraged by sight of other woman drinking beer alone at airport bar
financial advisor recommends keeping one bullet in chamber just in case
b and her siblings were quiet the rest of the evening, and b was probably trying to stir up more drama as it is.
you want to protect the environment, but not doing this, this, this, this, this and this?
she will attend a dinner if the birthday girl chooses a restaurant, but that's it.
fast forward about an hour, and the two of us are making out.
so now i'm in a tough spot.
my coworker has a good relationship with miriam's supervisors (and i do not have a good relationship with those people) and had mentioned to them some of the smaller issues.
we started to talk about some stuff and then we started thinking, why wasn’t the one friend at the party.
also, she knows i have her fb login.
i said it more casually than anything, it was just a major break from the precedent she set about not coming back to dorms during weekends so i was wigged out.
i just see you as a really good friend".
i told her that she didn’t value my space, literally doing anything she wanted around the house.
i didnt mind back then, because i never had to get up.
i always made myself available to practice with people and help them out.
i had some fun just screwing around with her, purely teasing but that’s a whole different fiasco.
my hearing isn't great so i have my tv turned up a bit to hear the music and sounds in the game.
amount of water man just used to wash dish to be prize of hand-to-hand combat match in 2065
aita for confronting my friends new friend who is trying to give him adderall.
to me these presents were a bit insulting, but i wasn't going to make a scene or anything so i just say thank you and move on.
was it really such an awful thing to just want the work i put in to have some value?
i'm wondering if i'm the asshole for feeling like this?
if i do have cancer i rather visit the place of my dreams and then i'm willing to accept whatever life have for me, if i don't, well, at least i got my pp sucked by an actual wifu.
god excited he only two mortgage payments away from owning heaven
adorable animated hunchback to shove self down area throats
aita for saying yes when my bestfriend asked me to cheat on her boyfriend with her?
pope benedict asks if it's too late to change name
i also didn't know that she was so attached to this cheese until she flipped out.
i don’t want to hurt her feelings, by even suggesting that i’d rather sleep with someone else because it’s not the case.
maid of honor specifically selected for ability to take emotional beating
wedding caterer likes to throw in extra potatoes if it seems like couple genuinely in love
&#x200b; to be frank, i think she's being a little dramatic about it, and a king size bed will be more than enough space for us to both get a comfortable night's sleep.
according to b, individuals are responsible for cleaning up regardless of who caused the mess.”.
i failed 3 classes last semester because of depression and burnout.
mom gathers rolls of wrapping paper around her to stroke softly
but at home, he loves to just rhyme any random word with vulgarities.
wibta if i told my parents i don't forgive them for threatening my education?
i’m sure she’ll find another dude to torment.
he started telling me that he felt i was reneging on our agreement not to date until i'd left the apartment.
she didn't accept that i'm an atheist and decided that my opinion dosent matter.
men at that age doing minimum wage or less is a no-other-choice scenario.
my husband says i'm being the asshole.
the trip is very costly and i cannot afford it and i disagree with blindly paying for it without any responsibility from the kid.
like, is it possible for her to be a girlfriend, instead of a fuck buddy.
this is rather extreme, i know, but that woman deserves no mercy both for this incident, and for many others which have so far gone unpunished.
grandma happy to babysit while couple desperately attempts to rekindle relationship
i don't think i'm in the wrong here, yes it was disrespectful, but that doesn't mean i necessarily am at fault.
so i sliced my thumb open preparing dinner- nothing serious, but i didnt want to get my hand wet washing dishes- so i asked my fiancee to help by washing the dishes while i took out the trash, recycling, and other kitchen related stuff.
man at point where thought of reince priebus controlling white house pretty comforting
woman worried she doing bad job enjoying massage
pentagon loses hard drive with all the movies on it
aita for sabotaging someone with kahoot bots?
she has stepped over the line.
report: 17 new species of bacteria found every day in world's rainforest cafés
proud business owner tapes first customer to wall
i am pretty up front about this.
nelson mandela admits thoughts, prayers of millions played no part in recovery
**me**: so he said (in reference to abf being busy.) and yet.
but am i the asshole in the situation??
i had never had a problem with zara but i thought on tuesday she had been a bit unjustifiably annoyed with joe and it had made me slightly weary of her.
i’m an amateur photographer, which means i enjoy getting photos right, i work hard at what i do, and it shows in my work.
i pull it out of the bag and look at it like wtf?
area throat-clearer to go see movie
stephen baldwin's personal assistant promoted to stephen baldwin
disgusted researchers can't even bring themselves to find out how much mayo the average american consumes yearly
he made the decision to swerve left onto the median instead of right into a clear lane.
edit 2: he originally told me if i needed time i could have it after some life events of mine.
ex boyfriend says that i'm blowing this out of portion and that he "i unthinkingly lead (friends name) by the waist while making fun of his best friend for not going into a anime store' he apologized for making my friend uncomfortable, but hr never apologized to me, he still hasn't.
the entire time i was in high school they promised to pay for my plane tickets to go see my friends and family up north if we moved.
not only was i mad because they are/were two of the only people in my school that i was attracted to , but they had nothing in common!
then, when i was picking up my son.
this all came to a head around a month ago after he put on his story that he would kill himself if he was ever single again.
they have been making loud noise for the whole year.
in hindsight, my offhanded comment seems lazy and/or snobby, but i really did think he was more than capable of doing it himself.
i'm debating whether i'm going to cave in and just tell her to stay at her current job (since i'm kind of a softie and really do care about her happiness), even if it potentially causes me to be miserable for the rest of my life, or whether i'm going to stay silent on the issue and see how it plays out.
aita for not wanting to be involved in raising a child from a one night stand 20m and i'm in college with a 18f.
i thought i would be doing them a favor by saving them a trip to the store to buy everything again.
to me, that validates his behavior and lets him know that he can pretty much do that whenever he wants in my shop again.
since my husbands death i haven’t really met anyone i have clicked with.
i used to be friends with a guy and when he got a new friend group he started being not so nice to me to seem "cool" .he was spreading embarrassing pictures and making up rumours.
we had a conversation for an hour before hand.
weeks went by where the only time i got to game was during my esports practice.
&#x200b; this afternoon, she came over and was still reeling from his decision, to the point where she was in tears talking about it.
so am i the asshole for not wanting to pull forward and simply wait at the window in line?
department of interior asks for resignation of obama-era elk
i text my friend and ask if it’s ok if we come to his house after midnight.
pbs to air more of that yanni shit
just take the sidewalk, there was nobody there anyway.
man who cried himself to sleep last night has some great ideas for growing company's brand
needless to say, the class did extremely poorly, with the average score being a 55%.
is this too harsh and is there another avenue to take possibly?
impossible to tell if frazzled woman in walgreens uniform going to or coming from work
when he last hurt his back and couldn’t move for 4 days, i looked him dead in the eyes and said enough is enough.
for christmas this year i gave my younger son a new cell phone case that was military tested for drops and everything (i got the same case for myself) and he broke it while at my ex's house.
the problem is they have inadequate fencing made of vertical steel slats, so that the bigger dogs are well contained, but the small little yappy fluffy shit heads can walk right through onto the street and harass people walking by, wander into peoples front yards and bark at them, or in an extreme case, slip through a gap in the neighbors across the street's fence, and get in a fight with their 2 german shepherds.
he has repeatedly said that he would play with us more often when we talked to him less during school.
am i the asshole if i bring this up nearly four years later?
my girlfriend says that it’s selfish of me to expect her to go out of her way on her designated holiday to take me to work, and that she did warn me far in advance that she wouldn’t have agreed to housesit if this became an issue.
and now it’s slightly ruined “ so am i the asshole?
her lie definitely swung the cops judgement in her favor.
she had a few excuses of people who promised her a place but then these fell thru last minute.
i don’t have to stop calling her mom, but i know she’ll be heartbroken no matter what i say if i bring it up.
proud father teaches son how to shave eyebrows for first time
prison warden appears on leno with some of his favorite prisoners
smitten foot fetishist thinking these may be the two
aita for being angry at my boyfriends cousin, who has down syndrome, for being all over my dog.
philip morris introduces new marlboro sinus pm cigarettes
newly discovered journal entries reveal sacagawea's repeated attempts to ditch lewis and clark
surgeon general mills recommends three to five servings of froot per day
so my friend often doesn't pay attention, and will doodle in her notebook or the note sheet.
nervous steve bannon binge-eats entire class of interns amid calls for removal
he asked if he could come and i said i would ask my friends, then this happened.
i [24/f] am very blunt with my sister [22/f].
put a cockroach on their head” of which he replied no.
she was honestly making me feel like i was bullying her, but she overstepped boundaries and broke our trust.
at 1pm i woke up to a message from becky, saying she was extremely disappointed in the fact that i wasnt there for her with the wedding planning.
i, like i said, think that's a crappy reason, and i kinda wanted her to suck it up.
white house increases number of asylum seekers allowed to enter spike-filled refugee compactor
i told her to give birth to the baby, sign him or her over to me, and go back to college after.
i feel like i offended her but i think she needs a reality check that dudes don't want to play shower games, eat dainty food while sipping rose, or watch a woman open baby gifts.
i am currently working in the business field and never have i needed something they teached in those thousands of slides.
state's abortion waiting period allows women to explore alternatives to making their own decisions
there's a lot of details so keep reading.
consisting of 3 males, including myself.
fbi warns of 'american dream' scam
i fell in love with this girl long time ago at the very first glance.she was gorgeous.i was brave enough to ask her out and we actually became a couple (story if anyone interested,indeed a really romantic one) anyways she changed her makeup style couple of weeks ago which i'm not really happy about,she's a classy girl and that doesn't fit her at all.
i also, in the hopes of postponing it, sent an extra photo as opposed to my usual 2, making how much i sent to a grand total of 4 that day.
so for at least 3 years, the only sure way we'll be seeing him is online.
canvas shopping bag celebrates third year on doorknob
iran moves to ban events of mass destruction
at halftime he gets up and goes into his room.
we both admitted we had feelings for each other but then things cooled off, and such.
obama waiting for perfect moment to walk by white house tour group
i got a laptop battery and a charger which was great and then i got $80 in clothes.
archaeologists unearth ivory trumpet dating back to prehistoric jazz age
area wildcat a real wildcat in the sack
meanwhile, when i went outside the club and played with other folks, they were really impressed at how ridiculously fast i was learning the new role.
&#x200b; am i the asshole for not focusing on the happiness and the future rather than the disappointment?
aita for pushing a guy into the pool?
i don't take it out on her or anything but i will sometimes swear at the thing i'm working on.
report: more women forgoing taking their husbands' names in favor of something badass like diesel
i say "hey, man i wanted to give this" and hold out the $10.
just leaving them out in the yard when they're not home so this went once for about 4 months.
so for her rights to keep staying, i dont know.
i leave my computer open pretty frequently, but i felt violated when he told me that since he's never really checked up on what i'm doing like that before.
george w. bush having trouble finding decent cocaine since leaving white house
that during their training, they were repeatedly asked not to use words like that, for obvious reasons.
i got into an argument and my friend r and a who agreed with me kicked him from the discord.
as part of his adoption she gave him a new middle and last name, both of which i already have.
trump announces he's a very sad man
the worst part about this is that i feel very isolated from everyone i thought i could trust.
everyone in life has encountered someone with bad habits, and, though we may not want to admit it, we're guilty of a few ourselves.
girl scouts rocked by 'cookies for cash' fundraising scandal
fcc sniper takes out matthew mcconaughey to prevent live broadcast of profanity
that was my idea that he only reluctantly agreed to.
new 'do not kill' registry to allow americans to opt out of being murdered
i am trying to be realistic and we have previously agreed that we would try it for a couple months then try to be mature about the situation and if it isn't working, try to split up with as little emotional mess as possible.
" while i walked away she started crying in the middle of the aisle and complained to my manager.
until i asked her who she was talking to and she said it was one of her best girlfriends.
by the time you do that the child could easily run away, out into the street or god knows where.
my career has stalled because he has my bosses ear, filling him with shit ideas that keep failing.
last year my neighbor's giant (70+ feet) tree fell.
he's also really intelligent and manipulative.
aita for expecting my mom/brother to jump start my car?
got to leave hs early may for “bed rest” and made a huge deal about not missing finals or missing ap exams while 34 weeks pregnant.
my wife and i have been illegally subletting our apartment from my mother.
i mean it's nice and all that he's found someone he likes and he's happy, but at the same time i'm mad that he's left us all.
male marsh wren chirping his balls off to attract mate
aita if my wife, who swore she would not live with a dangerous weapon like an ar-15, gets a handgun for self defense so i then buy an ar-15?
which is just an extended, free lunch, with thanksgiving food.
the same thing happened with her mba, but worse.
we are just trying to experience a different culture...i thought that was a good thing.
they ask for a hand and you give them an arm type deal.
pudgy doughboy with rosy red cheeks presses nose up against window of chocolate shop
so, side note: we were in two speech competitions, and she didn’t make semi-finals in either.
when my husband initiated the separation he said he did not want children with me.
virginia governor calls on state to move past racist legacy of last few weeks
aita for expecting my girlfriend to do most of the housework and not seeing her as “equal” so my girlfriend and i have recently had a falling out and she’s decided to move back in with her parents until we can figure out where our relationship is going.
sources: you don't want to know what currently happening to saudi arabian woman
report: whoa, last person on treadmill ran 8 miles
when i had my first son i realized just how bad my parents were.
i felt so bad i even had thoughts of self-harm.
i end up grabbing his dishes and tell him i’ll go wash them, and he once again asks why it matters.
no-makeup look easier to achieve than elle claims
i suggest that we just end the game and say that mac lost, but mac refuses to count it as a loss until he's truly been defeated.
he is really into magic the gathering and will buy any cards you show him.
i told her this is how i relieve my stress.
this wasn't the first time i've ever written a confession on this page, i actually got myself a few friends in the past so i figured this time would go smoothly again.
full story: went on a weekend getaway trip denver with friends and friends of friends.
but it seems like julia thinks that a suit is the only acceptable thing to wear at a wedding.
i drop my ex as a friend after she tries to spread a fake harassment claim, and that's the end of it.
so they stayed living together until the end of the week when he would move out.
aita for getting revenge on a girl who robbed me?
as we found our seats there was a big group of around 10 teenagers (around 13-14 years old if i had to guess) sat in the row behind us.
daily spin class only thing keeping mom from driving car full of kids into ocean
he turned and followed up with, "get the fuck away from me." it was pretty awkward, because everyone heard the whole thing.
news van driver sick of helping anchors move
i did this as a silent protest against the people who tried to get me fired simply because i don't agree with them politically.
baby's third through eighth words registered trademarks
then she once again wouldn't let it go and told me i was an asshole.
our nation's truckers: are we meeting their pancake needs?
world cup stadium's walls reinforced with 10,000 homeless brazilians
i want to know if i'm the asshat for having a plan garantee a 50/50 split to threaten her mother with.
gary busey nearly drowns recovering pork chop from swimming pool
hollywood maintenance crews sent out to patch up film industry's plotholes
this was very painful on the both of us, because we did still have a lot of love and affection for each other.
clinton emotionally ready to start getting blow jobs again
one of the last days i couldnt help myself.
imo they profit off of discontent and tragedy, theyre not out to report the truth theyre just out to report what gets the most clicks or views or whatever.
and, respectfully and sincerely, i think that’s a big part of the problem.
aita for wearing a maga hat to work?
then i can get he's 95 lbs, 6'8.
i think she just said that to seek attention and make me feel bad.
when i asked my dad how come he gets whatever he wants and i have to consistently ask him about it he tells me when i was his age i had everything i wanted, which consisted of a psp and a pentium powered pc that couldn't do jack shit.
we're all about to head to bed last night, when my girlfriend yells my name in alarm and points to the massive deuce in the middle of the comforter.
i then sent her quite an angry text in a mixture of scolding and yelling at her.
like i said, i hold no animosity towards my family, i do like them and enjoy them being here, but i don't do anything at family reunions but sit down and listen to music and sometimes check my phone, i don't talk with anyone, i don't get asked anything, i usually listen to music, read, eat and then say goodbye when i leave.
aita for agreeing to do a favor for a friend, but backing out last minute?
calm, measured trump hard at work after freak accident leaves him with railroad spike lodged in skull
i said something like, you've never hit me like that before and he said yeah i know.
so i knew she was someone i could trust, and could provide me a safe space for target practice.
but, since he has worked there he "waves" at my gf and is the only person at their job he kinda talks to.
we’re just a couple good ol boys.
now he story is is that the boy came out as gay, was bullied for it and then killed himself.
we're not american, and culturally, it's the appropriate/expected living arrangement.
man hopes hot woman in next apartment can hear how well he's fucking his girlfriend
usher to put shirt back on when usher ready to put shirt back on
bouncer who's not that big must be fucking crazy
you can\* just impose on people." \*pretty sure she meant can't \*i wrote it exactly how she texted witch exception to names, apologies if it sounds off &#x200b; i'm hurt beyond belief, and in the text it sounds like i asked her to pick me up from airport, which i didn't.
1)he never visited me when i was away, never even called and 2) he obviously also used both of our money to start a business i receive no money from.
aita for cheating on a girl who's cheating on me at the same time?
et, access hollywood, tmz choppers hovering above scene of gruesome red carpet dress
i'm making your life miserable cuz your bitchass said fine i won't grab anymore.
alright, so i'm not a very good writer so please forgive me for the terrible writing but the story goes pretty much like this: i've got this friend nolan who's been a good friend of mine since 5th grade (in 8th now).
food purchased as souvenir tragically revealed to be available back home
she's about six months old and she can't hear.
she yells at me and it all ends very badly.** **my sincere apologies for the massive wall of convoluted text.
i decided to do it because i was free, i mean i might as well enjoy it.
we've spent so many of our free days and gave them the easiest part.
i recieved a call off my sister today after not hearing from her in a while.
god starting to worry heaven may be haunted
area dad to spend next few days or so telling son it important to respect women
i work as a tutor, and i work six days a week with a lot of additional prep work between/after sessions both out and from home.
she wrote me yesterday and i left her on read, she wanted to go eat next week, but i don't really care to go eat or really talk to her.
obama now attempting to get each word of jobs bill passed individually
we're in our 30's and have always wanted to go on a big trip and have yet to do so, so my thought is this is a good excuse to do it!
a few months ago i had just started high school.
gop recommends americans set aside income from one of their jobs to pay for healthcare under new bill
my son saw my daughter’s dress and for whatever reason became obsessed with wearing something similar.
the next day, he asked if i'd downloaded tinder, and i told him, honestly, that i had.
i say no problem and i remind her after school before we leave.
i don't think it's a huge ask for people to watch their language when others are around, especially if its making them uncomfortable.
aita for picking on my friend till he tackled me?
aita for asking my 12-year-old daughter to cover herself up more when she’s in the house?
aita for suggesting my gf give up her dreams?
stock value of billions of otherwise worthless data, photos, videos, opinions plummets
nation's optimists need to shut the fuck up right now
my mom calls me upset all the time about how sad he is and how he never does anything.
she’s been having a hard time with things.
here’s the problem: in march a few of my friends are going to maine to go hiking and see a friend couple who recently moved.
housing crisis vindicates guy who still lives with parents
police sketch artist admits to only drawing people who have wronged him personally
so, who is the bigger asshole?
aita for trying to establish a 'my car my rules' rule?
my house never really put me in a good mental state, and thus i've attempted to move out a few times.
it’s pretty rude to just hang up on someone without saying anything to what they just said unless both people make it clear that they’re done conversing (e.g.
while i am (usually) rather quiet, most of my class isn't.
i just want to watch football with a few people i know.
tried talking to her for days but she wouldn't open or respond to anything.
no biggie on that, but poor kid getting nothing from his dad.
esa requires no certificate, no training and can be a horse if the “need” shows.
ophthalmologist instructs patient not to look at anything 24 hours before eye surgery
basically, i'm the only one in the class with a proper plan and doing more than just taking care of the house/kids as i live w/ my bf, take 12 hours of classes (college classes 11am-4pm as well as this ma class which is itself 6 hours a day, 4 days a week 530p,-11pm), and work on the weekends.
she said i made her sound like she wanted me and i publicly rejected her.
we were just talking back and forth, when she said “i am” and i responded with “gay, i know” and my roommate went into the bathroom to take a shower and we left.
i didn’t know what else to do.
but alas they were still annoyed.
handwriting expert confirms killer used cursive
i went into his apartment myself (he invited me in to inspect the noise) and i was totally shocked.
paula deen releases delicious new butter product made from her breast milk
child who soiled self during dance performance apparently just gonna tough it out up there
next there was an hour of me being berated for “only caring about myself” followed by her disappearing for an hour.
frankly, i feel like he's being a little bitch.
when i didn't hear back i reached out two weeks later to confirm what my boyfriend would take.
she tells me she loves me more than her husband.
i get a decent grade on my written speech but my voiced speech grade was bad but admittedly that was my bad, when i had to answer questions the teacher just kept asking irrelevant questions which i couldn’t answer, she wouldn’t let anyone else ask questions, i got a good reception from the men but women were unhappy.
new statewide education standards require teachers to forever change lives of 30% of students
flu takes down biggest guy in office as warning to rest of staff
i didn't know how to react.
aita for raising my children in an unorthodox manner and not introducing them to my parents this is such a long weird story but i'll try to be short.
but as time went on, i just felt like shit, and i left 2 hours later.
i really dont do it to bother them.
kitchenaid announces it will lift ban on selling mixers to unwed women
my mom wanted to hear what i had to say, but my sister seemed less eager to hear my thoughts.
mosquito confronts partner after testing positive for zika
finally, my wife arrives home and we don't have much on our minds except each other and we have an amazing day spending our first christmas together (not actually christmas, just another day we chose to call that) as a married couple in our home that we had bought together (bonus: it was one of the best days of my life).
that coworker said, "yeah, like the time you asked me if my kids were adopted." many of her close friends were at that lunch table and looked horrified and gave me a very dirty look.
i learned a lot from her.
optometrist sets pressure of air puff test way higher for asshole patients
white house begins christmas season with ceremonial lighting of cross
about 90% of the games we play he calls someone out for hacking that is certainly not hacking and simply hit a lucky shot.
that got her really pissed and...
stock market soars after investors decide that would be fun thing to make happen today
aita for cutting off a driver i was passing to avoid a head-on collision?
report: most small businesses fail in first 6 hours of being on fire
after her pointing this out i feel like i’m hyper aware of how i am acting around annie and i fear it will change our friendship.
goldfish teetering on edge of sanity
he is also just very socially awkward and any tension that he feels would make him anxious and sad and i don’t want him to be uncomfortable at prom.
that was the norm anytime they could be together, but he eventually stopped talking to her and they went to different colleges.
national trust for historic preservation to pay for andy rooney's upkeep
congress reassures nervous zuckerberg they won't actually do anything about this
she and i did everything together pretty much after that, and she was my favorite person in the world.
mom declares garage her next big project
noticed the dude in front of me has allowed a bit too much space between him and the people in front of him.
department-store santa told to push chinaware
so he was given the couches, and since he didn’t have a use for them, gave it to our house, to use in the garage.
jesus surprises 700 club with walk-on appearance
me: i know, thank you gf: really bc it doesn't sound like it.
am i the bad guy here?
i had worked super hard on learning for the past month, i wanted my competitive rating to reflect that.
fire hydrant blows load all over hot neighborhood kids
aita for forcing my gf to break up with me?
i do have anger management problems and honestly this was the best in this scenario.
this led my friends and i to believe that he was working on his servers instead of coming to our friends party.
we live in a different country, so she thought it’s be nice to celebrate festive season all together as she doesn’t see the family very often.
teary-eyed tim kaine asks clinton if his hair will grow back in time for election day
chicken's eyes catch first-ever glint of sunlight through crack in warehouse ceiling just before head sliced off
i am aware that there are various reasons people who want to adopt can't.
so sometimes i will update the co-tas with something my advisor mentioned but hadn't yet told them.
over the summer we got pretty physically close but never had sex.
now i thought there was no tension so was just saying “lol”.
olive oil in skinny bottle obviously better
and we started talking for hours and days.
ended up getting pretty drunk and passing out for a bit.
he always does this so in my head my nickname for him is “little spoon ____” my dad is extremely passive and i don’t want to be like him when i have my own family) things kept escalating to the point where my sister started crying.
her sister, and her best friend have both texted me saying that this breakup is destroying her, and that i was irrational to get so worked up about her issues with me, but i feel that our business was ours, and that she should have taken the hint and just accepted that i dont like talking years ago.
nation wishes area man were a creep, but, ugh, he's actually really fucking nice
i'm actually really torn up over this.
i just typed it directly into the browser.
vatican canonizes john paul ii as patron saint of ignoring problem until you die
i was surprised that hubs still bid on it - he kept going til $500, but we are on a budget and can't spend $200 on a toy, so he let it go.
fearful americans stockpiling facts before federal government comes to take them away
ghost of alvah roebuck enjoying the hell out of sears' decline
i told r that we could be a pair and he liked the idea.
it went completely to shit, like unsalvageable, really.
area woman not about to miss ally mcbeal for that
cnn launches 'cnn for the shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel' news channel
aita for getting upset over losing a video game?
i called the ra's emergency phone number.
anyway it turned into this huge fight and she thinks i’m being selfish.
then i would get asked more and more questions, as if i'm suddenly an expert on every topic.
i also try to stay out of my aunt and uncles way when it comes to their routine and daily life, i usually woke up when everybody was gone in the mornings and i came home from school when everybody was usually in bed.
so the concert is at 7pm and we decide to leave his accommodation at 5:30pm so we can have some time to eat dinner beforehand.
nonetheless im doing my best to comfort ruslana and i tell ruslana she's got better friends and to leave ivanna.
she asked if i could ever think that she could improve on her looks and i was again being honest and said no.
we joke around and roast each other often, if not daily.
when we seriously started talking about marriage she told me flat out (to paraphrase) "i don't care about the ring, i don't care about you asking my dad for 'permission', i don't care how much you spend, what time of year it is or if it's freezing outside; i want you to propose in the taos plaza." i was like cool...i can do that.
tammys of the world demand to be taken seriously
i wouldn't leave my room for hours and i stopped caring about things.
\[3:57 pm\] me: your snarky shit \[3:57 pm\] him: not at all?
it's ridiculous to me which is why i think it's because of the friends she has made.
i had 2 more pieces on the 3rd and then 2 today.
nope, she's "too depressed now" to enjoy those places after what happened.
at this point, my dog had gotten used to the apartment and he only ever barked once every hour or so for about a minute whenever he heard a particularly loud motorcycle drive by or the amazon guy knocking at my apartment.
(bad title please read post) td:drread girlfriend's friends dm, about some issue we had, she said that this is 'just like her ex' and from everything she told her, its stockholm syndrome and she needs to end this relationship &#x200b; &#x200b; update for anyone who cares: i've logged out of her account and changed my password.
so a few days ago me and my husband got into an argument about politics, he is republican and i'm a democrat so we differ on opinions about abortion, we usually just ignore our political differences but this time the argument was big, eventually he started yelling and mocking me, and in my fit of rage i hit him.
and there was a lot of mud.
but there's no way i'm apologizing.
ok , so , me and my are together for a long time.
aita if i confront my co-worker about the email he send or should i just quit?
so usually i just tell my friends i'm sad or upset when we're in the middle of an activity and i start feeling self-hatred because i fucked up somewhere.
bird wouldn't have landed on ledge if it had known everyone would make it into whole big thing
me and one other woman both thought the same thing.
she is not even the person in the shop with the longest hours.
mike pence condemns atheists, homosexuals, and feminists for role in forcing god to punish america on 9/11
she then went behind my back and had this guy look at the car.
i mainly watch cartel and isis executions.
i'm talking to an indian lady who is probably in her late 20's - early 30's.
there might be more to this but i didnt ask.
new dating website helps plus-size jewish plane crash survivors find love
i don’t know what to say, and i cry easily, and i just don’t do well when i’m angry.
so when my girlfriend asked me what my concern was about her hanging out w him, i said “my concern is that he enjoys anything in life and he doesn’t deserve your friendship or *any* friendship from anyone.
when she came back, we started hooking up.
report: america still world leader in manufacturing excuses
(it is illegal where i live.) i told her that i was not comfortable with this, and asked her to stop.
she was apparently looking forward to watching it with me, which i understand, but i feel like i should be allowed to make my own decisions as to what i am watching when i eat.
gray wolves sighted in capitol building for first time in 85 years
we'll just be sitting at home chilling and if we hear the crying we'll say shit like "come on kid again want me to come over?" in a mockingly intense tone.
she'll yell, and bark, and scream if she has something wrong with her stomach, but she'll hold till she'll explode, but not do her business inside.
frustrated obama writes letter to his congressman about need for gun control
frustrated russian officials struggling to get any policies through dysfunctional trump administration
i think this is ridiculous and i don't see why i should apologize.
i can't change how they act.
aita for calling my ex a desperate measure i'll keep this short, mostly because i don't entirely remember what happened at the event.
edit 4: no guns have been bought.
this was honestly one of the worst experiences i’ve had.
aita for taking time to start a task?
at the time, all parties involved were still underage.
horrified pope calls philadelphia humanity's greatest sin against god
my sister in law says im being offensive, i retort that she made fun of guys with southern accents in the past and i didnt whine despite me having one, and thats not even a choice on my part.
color drains from michael flynn's face after single red dahlia drops out of envelope from russian intelligence
i dont exactly call her hun, i just use it a lot to refer to the person i'm talking to in conversation.
can you do it to mine?!
we are a white family and my dad has blue eyes and my mom has green eyes.
one day, she came to school pissed.
night of watching game show network leaves man concerned about life insurance
[here is full argument with identifying things redacted]( honestly i'm kind of baffled at what the problem is.
she tells me that she views this guy as an older brother that she can talk to about anything.
since then we’ve spent some time together, initially discussing our issues and then basically a date or two, although we were still on this “break.” while on one of these dates i noticed she was texting multiple other guys who’s names i didn’t recognize, initially i put it off and she didn’t acknowledge it.
romney campaign reboots for 72nd consecutive week
bounty, brawny ceos wearing down patience of mutual friend
area smoker one of america's top phlegm-producers
i have helped her along the way with organizing and entering all of her movies into a simple spread sheet.
authorities say country still an active shooter situation
they eat 3 healthy meals a day and then i let them snack on what they want.
my dog unexpectedly took another poop right when we were almost towards the house.
i'm light skinned though and she's much tanner than i am.
fda defends decision to reclassify alternative milks as 'nut sweat'
u.s. postal service appoints first leather-clad postmistress general
and then two guys wanted to fight me for looking at a girl and staring at her butt while she stretches.
woman fulfills manifest destiny of hardwood floor throughout home
naked andrew yang emerges from time vortex to warn debate audience about looming threat of automation
it isn't too late to get our money back on a lot of the things we've paid for.
i was already pretty drunk and just did not need anything else to drink.
i love receiving flowers from him.
we do this routinely after any argument.
carlos santana surprises wife with coupon for free 45-minute guitar solo
because of my new job i have to work nights and weekends so i can't celebrate it with her.
really hip 90-year-old figures he has every right to torrent glenn miller's 'in the mood'
south dakota considering maybe putting mount rushmore on state quarter
as i drove past both motionless cars, i turned to karen and said something similar to: "i think that hispanic guy is an illegal immigrant." karen was aghast and asked me how i could say such a racist thing.
kavanaugh packing gun at congressional hearing in case parkland father tries to shake his hand again
my dad passed away november and my girlfriend (ldr) at that time broke up with me on new year’s eve.
disappointing prince vaults found to contain 37,000 hours of billy joel covers
so were sitting there playing dark souls 3 and my older sister comes up flops on the couch next to us and takes a pillow and screams into it.
i was also outraged that my fiancee would accuse my mother of being a bad mother.
i know her studies are important but she’s currently making so little money and expects me to pay for her livelihood while she studies - wouldn’t the return for that be that she is expected to do more of the chores?
i also said if they found a 7 man airbnb for us to stay in that everyone was happy with, we could cancel the 8 man and stay there instead.
biden lines up sweet summer gig installing above-ground swimming pools
aita for cranking my sub woofers with my girlfriend's son in the car?
report: you know you are a fucking idiot, right?
tl;dr this [gif]( where i am the blue rectangle.
my growth has slowed down considerably, which i am thankful for, but throughout my life i have been struggling.
23-year-old arrested for failure to own halogen lamp
- if i see someone approaching me from afar, i'll switch.
kathie lee gifford denies getting sincerity implants
also he has repeatly not respected my boundaries and feelings ex.
my parents divorced when i was 10 and dad moved out, then when i was 18 my mom moved to our other house in city suburbs (our mutual decision, she wanted to live outside of the big city and i wanted to live on my own).
first-generation american's job taken by his father
she's constantly putting me last for everything after she makes sure all her guests and everyone she knows are happy, and i'm honestly sick of it.
i'm not actually gay, but i didn't want her to feel bad because i didn't love her anymore
he probably does it better with me than with anyone.” me- “yes, i figured.
aita for pranking my sister in front of our entire family?
baby put on phone told her parents hate her
cash-strapped michael jackson forced to sell off pet giraffes as meat
the tank was only half empty when it was filled so with gas prices being around 3.50, i figured 20 bucks was the max that gas could cost - split among 3 would make it a little over 6 dollars.
2)he has been at a mental medical profesionall and he didn't have anything.
coin collector has some pretty fucking nice coins
miracle paycheck lasts for 7 whole days
baby feels foolish after realizing stranger waving at toddler next seat over
she responds with “it’s my room” and doesn’t say much after that from what i remember now i don’t think much of it if anything bc i had been drinking a little tonight so nothing is really phasing me at that moment.
i guess i did kind of finesse her into the relationship but there definitely was romantic feelings.
edit for tl;dr: girlfriend is mad at me for searching for a "friend" (really acquaintance) of hers on facebook that she specifically told me not to contact or friend.
we eventually meet up since we only live like 30 minutes away.
so - i have a long-standing feud with c that i’ve definitely told my cousin about.
and t said that i am just 'super self destructive' i kept talking to gf, and eventually got to a even standground, i confess that i read her and t's dms and she was okay with it i went through it all with her, and for most of it she defended me, which was really cute.
elon musk unveils new clean energy luxury car pulled by 8 tesla employees
romney makes desperate, last-ditch bid for presidency
i know i was childish and probably overreacted, but i feel bad for it.
body positivity advocate caught in illicit tryst with conventionally attractive lover
i tried to keep my cool (no pun intended) and two of the "models" seated in front of me were clearly making fun of me multiple times throughout the dinner.
kevin bacon talking about his band approved as prescription sedative
i was shocked, and couldn't think of what i said, so i asked, again as politely as i could, what i had said that was hurtful so i could fix my behaviour.
so technically i am less fertile than most but i don't have the disorder that i told my s/o that i had.
they’re old and they don’t understand how insulting it is to cook someone’s “ethnicy food” for them despite never even visiting the country so i just sort of brushed it off.
depleted bruegger's bagels gift card living out quiet retirement in wallet's fourth row
aita for lying to my bf and letting him believe his ex cheated on him?
while ultimately there was no harm caused by my actions, i believe that i may have violated a trust with my girlfriend.
because the main lab coordinator is my advisor, i'm the direct point of contact.
if i want advice rather than an ear to vent to, i will ask for it.
i don't push too hard because i don't want to be that person.
my wife and i met when we were sixteen through friends and started dating shortly after.
she said no, and went on about how i'm "just not her type", and that she's been crushing on another guy, and i just told her flat out to get out.
we didn't get to finish the conversation because we had to go to class, but she promised to call me that night.
so me and a friend had a conversation with our girlfriends about a mutual friend of ours, who started to lose weight and hitting the gym because his friends made jokes with him about him being fat.
wibta if i sent my so flowers?
leaf that came out too early cold as shit
i'll look out for her." now at this point, i was torn.
so my good friend kim and i are both in the same age range (late 20s), live close to eachother, and spend a lot of time with eachother because we share a lot of interests.
he has his other family coming over.
i look forward to nights when she goes out with her friend after work and comes home tipsy.
i was on a trip to michigan a yearback and some kid was crying on the plane for 30 minutes.
biden's buffalo wing challenge dinner not sitting too well
a couple months ago my husband suddenly started smoking cigarettes again.
i have a cub cadet mower with headlights, i crank it wide open and hit the yard.
he does that jump thing everyone does when they're woken up without warning and says "fuck you".
make for a lot of awkward conversations.
&#x200b; even more surprising - she's not that delighted either.
&#x200b; i receive this email at 10pm, write a response back that took until 3am.
but he doesn’t come back, so i take the seat.
my oldest cousin says he's sorry and that he can't change our plans to accommodate him.
we drunk couple of beers and started making out.
long story short, she got raped at 14 in mexico by her cousin, she and i live in the us, the reasons why i doubt it is because.
nbc cancels 'piven' after 5 seasons
just so you know, here is some information about the behavior that he thinks requires name calling: i had called him and told him we might have overdrawn our bank account again.
our baby was a very difficult newborn and cried and screamed all the time for no reason, and still today is a very poor sleeper and high needs, but he's a good kid and my husband was/is excited to be a dad.
and i'm good at it so people don't usually realise.
she apparently took it very personally and told me to just leave if i think the stream is boring.
she says ok, everything’s fine, we make out again a day or so later.
when i met her she was financially stable, though i make mid-six figures and she makes mid-five figures.
that's why even trying to talk to someone about this usually just pisses me off.
we still hang out regularly because we have similar hobbies and humor and have mutual friend groups.
i did ask that they wash their hands and don't visit if you're sick or have been sick.
now i locked myself in the bathroom.
biden's handlers suggesting he forget the words 'pink' and 'stink' altogether
also, we have not bought tickets/airbnb yet, so there's still time to back out without any (monetary) repercussions.
dance cage recidivism rates at all-time high within american club scene
above all, i prioritize maintaining a good relationship/track record with my teachers, meaning i would never intentionally do anything to sabotage that relationship, least of all with a professor i respect so much.
porn star doesn't want to direct
archaeologists discover fully intact 17th-century belief system in ohio congressman
mosquitoes don't even need to bite us, study shows
&#x200b; i feel really bad, and i know i shouldn't have offered the opportunity to stay, but i kind of thought since they were having fun they started to change their mind.
since this has dragged on, i'll keep the ending short: he ended up not going to the (prestigious) college he got accepted to that year, and took a year off to go to a local community college and an inpatient mental health clinic (one i went to years earlier, lol).
"she started the relationship, so she gets to end it" i then talked about it to the friend who told me that jess talked crap about us.
&#x200b; edit : thank you for your responses.
flash forward and ofc we ended up really drunk and finished the night at my place having awesome sex for hours because both of us had needed that for a looong time.
while i don't control her or her body in any way, i did check myself after reading some of your responses calling me insecure, possesive and controlling.
because we would have to be gone for so long, and because our baby is pretty high maintenance, there is no one we feel comfortable giving that burden too.
aita for not moving over i live in a speed trap town ...
james bond fans concerned after learning new film's shooting locations all in new hampshire
competitive adidas unveils darren wilson as new face of brand
recent graduate figures she might as well do good in world until economy picks up
i went out last night with a couple of friends and had a good time.
pierce brosnan offended by way new james bond holds gun
panicked john kelly ushers half-naked trump away from podium as president shouts support for eugenics
&#x200b; i still feel dirty for letting her walk all over me, but also because i kind of did this to myself.
it was really bad because whenever i wanted the shiba in my room and if they saw it, they always said “you have to be fair and let both of them in”.
pretentious woman refers to slam piece as 'partner'
indian casino one of the saddest places on earth
i started having strong feelings for this person (they ultimately did not want to reciprocate btw and nothing happened.) the exchange however led me down the road of considering things like polyamory.
she low balled me and gave her effort somewhere else.
i started using reddit when i was 14.
her fiancée at least tries to start a convo with me at this point but it’s brief.
i will provide for money if he really needs it but i think this is also a good time for him to learn some financial independence.
i am sending this email to express my concern and to obtain some clarity of the situation.
there's a lot i wanted to convey i hope i did it sufficiently.
but this isn't an acceptable answer and i'm a "selfish unappreciative asshole" and have apparently lost all eating privileges in the house; which in a very asshole (childish) fashion, i will accept and follow through on.
u.s. army now just chasing single remaining isis soldier around ruins of syrian village
woman feels like she's finally ready to start receiving unsolicited vulgar messages again
i told her that she couldn’t put the dog down for a second because he will pee on the floor.
i replied “its just a chair.
they have done "assholish" things to us several times, such as not giving us a housewarming gift when we bought our house.
market rallies after fed chief shows off huge wad of cash
new parents wisely start college fund that will pay for 12 weeks of education
the girl i had an issue with is called asia.
i had no plans to move it, as it's wild back there and it's not doing anything that bothers me.
now most of these people are waiting to pay for postage or buy a book of stamps, but my items already have postage on them.
i hate posting about myself (mostly on instagram, far too personal) and i have always wanted to just have a car people will like.
well, recently shes been coming to work sadder and sadder, or i guess quieter and quieter.
demonic spirit claws way out of hell to flicker lights, throw some silverware around
man removing sweatshirt offers coworkers tantalizing glimpse of bare midriff
i rarely if ever talked about my past before meeting him.
aita for changing my bully’s passcode?
i even remember i got us all in trouble once for licking a page in the bible as a dare (from him).
i block cindy for two days to give her time to cool off.
&#x200b; the worst came about 9 years in.
democrats call for convincing amount of condemnation for al franken
joe arpaio's family surprises him with detained hispanic motorist
nation unable to recall if trump said he'd personally fund abortion bombings or if that just sounds right
i just didn't expect to be in the middle of a argument with a buddy of mine who then storms out.
to be clear, i have no problem with lgbtq+, and have no reason to have any hatred towards him, i just want to understand why i should be labeled homophobic because of a single comment
aita for asking my husband to miss his sister's wedding?
remember, i was drunk and underage myself.
however i still think she could have consulted me about bringing laura, especially knowing that i have hard time being around people that aren’t close to me.
aita for sending my friends a surprise gay sex joke video long time lurker first time poster.
so i shook their hands and hurried off to “work”.
i am very direct when speaking and i think her feelings may have been hurt.
in their minds they are this perfect happy family and i haven't seen them this way in a very long time.
you do not need to tell me that this is the stupidest thing i have ever done.
nation to honor harper lee by ensuring novel about horrors of racism always remains relevant
i'm kind of in shock because i was still under the impression that he was dating lola.
he still does play some games which i am 100% fine with.
it appears i gave you too much information.
fast forward to two weeks ago.
well, she told me she was working with mentally handicapped kids this past summer.
local grandmother feared dead after appearing in woman's profile picture
eventually it turned into 2-3 weeks and we recently went a whole month without talking.
even if i might not like cutting her off i feel it’d be the best decision for me
she is 24 and has a 3-year-old.
out of respect for families, horrific disaster footage repeated hourly
but if i were to speculate the most reasonable cause for him wanting me to move was because it is his house and should be able to sit where he wants.
dad clarifies this not a food stop
i was alone in the car with a friend/coworker who has as a part of her job to drive me and a bunch of other people back and forth to a hotell and the place where we work, as there are too many assigned to the same tasks.
saudi arabia sends assassins to dismember entire international community in effort to stifle dissent
i feel like he’s being very aggressive.
moments leading up to romney's concession most likely hilarious
it seemed to me like she was struggling to sit in a comfortable way and she her stomach was very round and protruding out of her dress.
political scientists trace american democracy's severe polarization to fucking idiots on other side of aisle
family wishes dad could find healthier way to express emotions than bursting into full-blown musical number
storybook romance leads to in-flight-magazine marriage
backstory, my mom is the type of person where if she is home, you're home and live in the home, she is going to ask you to do favors.
he would frequent into the dairy cooler to hang out and chat.
new 'time' to keep everything from happening at once
s made a comment that l is coming back to the town i live in to visit s, which irks me and then s makes yet another comment about x and it pushes me over my tolerance.
i just get an off feeling about him.
in doing so, it became clear that no one had reported it, contrary to your prior claims.
i still love my dad but sometimes i feel like he gets pissed whenever he's put in a spot that makes him nervous or uncertain.
at this point i was torn, i could've easily called her to let her know, but suddenly all the plans that were in place would fall apart and she would be left without a date on short notice.
tomorrow me and my girlfriend will celebrate our first anniversary.
throwaway because i'm paranoid someone i know will see this ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ &#x200b; anyway, i've been dating my gf for about 6 months now.
man not even the hot kind
judge me r/amitheasshole am i a true asshole.
i texted him today when he told me they were there and said 'let me know what it costs, i'll cover it' and he said no.
i said you are not sick because you did your nails and hair for hours or else you would stay home and relax.
apparently he got in long enough to customize his javelin and then the game crashed or something and he couldn't get back in.
u.s. loses u.n. membership after embarrassing video of nation surfaces on internet
as a result, she was fired and he got transferred.
she called me personally twice and i ignored them both and she texted me asking where the fuck i am, ignored too.
i have tried putting my self in her shoes but i just can't understand this.
any questions ask the mod team.
she was a really nice girl, we hit it off, but i don’t want to string her along at all because i wouldn’t be able to be with her long term (i do a ton of traveling, both us and abroad, and our lives wouldn’t be compatible).
statue of liberty corporation to shut down all but new york flagship statue
i initially planned to sell or pawn the ring.
mike pence disappointed in the 200,000 husbands and fathers who permitted women to attend march
apartment completely flooded with disgusting sunlight
i sometimes tell her small lies to lower her expectations.
progressive company pays both men and women 78% of what they should be earning
i also wasn't under the impression that he was going to be renting out part of the house to anyone once i moved out--it was never something that he talked to me about.
gary johnson worried he peaking too early after hitting 9% in polls
which is not good, you can't have these big dogs fighting like that.
but i also have trust issues due to my past relationships, and my high standards.
my wife have a leader position in marketing, lots of social events at clubs, well paid job.
injured troops request extended tours to avoid being sent to walter reed
then this girl who i haven’t known for more than a week or so tells me she’s waiting outside with cookies she’s made me as if it’s a promposal.
then, in the middle of the night, i’m invited to a group chat with like,,, these people from my class who could be considered the popular kids, i guess.
man with dream to open liquor store achieves dream
congolese rebel can't bring himself to care about congolese war
speakeasy patrons apparently unaware it legal to go to regular bars again
tl:dr girlfriend has vaginal sex with me once a month where i have to pull out with a condom on.
unbeatable 'jeopardy!' champ says key to success is threatening other contestants with nail-studded baseball bat during commercials
is this what going to concerts are like these days??
karzai vows to crack down on self
i’ve always believed that i’m nta because i don’t ask for anything (except for small things that i would ask a typical friend for as well), but i’ve started to feel more guilty about this with the most current guy who has fit this role in my life.
i really feel like a total douchbag but, i just don't know if it was appropriate of my mom to basically tell me i was a burnout and that i wouldn't amount to anything.
after this, we keep talking for four more days, and then i decide to ask her to breakfast.
bowling birthday party enters 5th agonizing hour
tokyo portal outage delays millions of japanese warp commuters
this was 2 weeks before my internship at google ended and i had no time to redeem myself - so i did not get the full time job offer.
i am twenty two year old guy.
pier 1 issues formal apology for rattan death march
cleaning my room and already apologized to my parents for not being a tidier houseguest.
disappointing buffalo wild wings not living up to ridicule
justify wakes up next to decapitated head of prized jockey after refusing to throw triple crown
so this was my first relationship and it had been going on for about two years at the time.
i want to change up the music when i sing it on stage to humiliate them, and then say they told me too.
whoa, classmate got totally hideous over summer vacation
johnny rockets customer terrified after evidently falling through wormhole into 1950s
local woman dies of lost cell phone
whatever, wasted meeting time isn’t the worst thing in the world, just annoying.
it was carrying all kinds of construction equipment.
with the recent league of legends opening ceremony, they released a song sung by a kpop band, but also sung by a made up band of lol champions.
had the rep been at risk of getting a deduction, i would not have pulled that stunt.
whooshsnaps.biz committed to protecting users' personal information
i do not appreciate your tone.
'it's been an honor, gentlemen,' shift supervisor says as giant vat of molten cheese erupts
nothing too hard, but he falls.
new tsa precheck program offers expedited interrogations for muslim passengers
in regards to the ratchet straps being tangled, our roles beyond delivering are a bit different, as in, he works 2 days a week and spends the whole time in the truck and away from the store itself.
at this point its not about how things are right now as much as me not knowing if shes ever going to do what she says or just keep getting bigger.
still, we started dating after a while and we are now together for 1.5 years despite that.
i knew all the employees and there was no one with a handicapped plate who worked there.
i told her that she has no obligation to take the shift, and that we already have plans.
am i the asshole for being annoyed by theses types of people?
she was abusive and left her without food much of the time because she didnt take the time to potty train her(gsd).
obviously i would be fine with it sometimes but it makes me feel like a stranger in my own place for the whole weekend.
i purchased concert tickets off of craigslist from a third-party seller using paypal’s goods and services option and the day before the concert, it was cancelled and postponed to a date two months ahead that i cannot make.
senate rejects pipeline plan that would have created thousands of climate activist jobs
i messaged her and asked her if it was true.
for example, he would just eat instant noodles and sometimes skip meals.
aclu stresses that it legal to film garbage men in all 50 states if you really need to
we got married about 3.5 years ago.
the conversation went into a place where we spoke about money.
personally, i need a guarantee that this won't happen again, and the only way that's possible imo is by not having the cat in my life anymore.
those close to nation say it showed dozens of warning signs leading up to massacre
aita for laughing because she got mad that i ate so much cheese that her mom sent both of us?
fermilab receives generous anonymous particle donation
**recently me and my father were talking about the insight bot that landed on mars**.
but what happened was she was over when my family was out on a trip, but my family came back earlier then expected.
when it's clear we are struggling and might have to cancel, suddenly they all turn up.
never broke up with mike, because admitting to the fact they were dating (kind of) would mean admitting to herself she was cheating on her long time boyfriend.
6:30-7pm is bath time, she feeds him and then he is down for the night by 9-10pm.
coast guard terror suspect released after cell needed for nonviolent drug user
i always leash them on fairly short leads and will take them up to the mail box occasionally to get mail.
he acted all weird about it and the conversation stopped there.
he always seemed to favor her, and i even sort of asked one time if he was interested in her.
she said, that they don't want that we (the girl and i) see us again.
the person driving flipped me off and i called him an asshole but aita?
report: only 3% of conversations actually need to happen
i thought she would get the message that it was a reminder for her to go around back, but instead she freaked out on me and said i could've seriously hurt her.
data-entry clerk reapplies carmex at 17-minute intervals
when i asked for her to explain the needle to me she mentioned it had a wider hole at the top.
they don't need to baby me or anything, just understand that sometimes shit is really hard for me and it's scary.
i try to ignore it - i work nights, so it's my beauty sleep at that time.
i will be gone for the majority of the day & do not know when i will have the time to do it.
if she was too scared to go, she shouldn’t have volunteered to go first.
he said that he could kick my ass irl.
last couple of weeks my wife have started recieving texts at night.
aita for thinking cum rags belong in the trash?
this was months after my mother died unexpectedly too.
i didn't know how many pieces were originally in the bag because it was already opened by her, and there isn't a set number in these bags.
i don't see how this affects us negatively.
it almost as if rite aid cashier doesn't care about reputation of rite aid corporation
aita for leading my friend into a one sided relationship?
scott walker changes locks on wisconsin governor's office
cheney celebrates earth day by breathing oxygen
i recounted this story to my friend, who said that the mother probably just didn’t want to eat pizza, maybe the kid was lactose intolerant, they probably had a ton on this trip, etc.
brittney was rude, she was lazy, and she was sexist.
that guy was her volleyball partner, and they were still playing a season together.
no, but he knew about it.
she has a habit of walking around in just a tank top and underwear.
i felt pretty awful about this and said as much to f who was super nice and understanding.
he’s said it out loud before that even doing some cardio in the pool might do him good.
historical archives: civil war pre-enactors have stage'd "battle of bull run"
end of soup season can't come soon enough for oft-burned tongue
i made this post because i'm conflicted.
i facetime audio, ask her where the car is, and tell her my location.
she seems to look at me strangely, she sits me far away from her in all seating plans for english, even though i would prefer to sit near the front so i don’t have to wear glasses.
am i justified in being upset?
to me, that’s crap and i won’t be welcoming when he relapses back to gaming.
she sticks out like a sore thumb audibly, and it makes it hard for everyone around her to sing because she's mumbling off-pitch nonsense, occasionally getting a word right.
the mortgage may fall slightly more to him, especially as by that time we'll hopefully be starting a family and give my lower income it will make sense for me to stay home more than him.
and idc i don’t have a problem with the blacks.
report: getting massages at airports apparently part of certain people's lives
clinton vetoes bill for reason he can't put his finger on
area man to try showering at night
study: average person's life plan can only withstand 25 seconds of direct questioning
clinton gets full day's relief with one spray of flonase
at this point me and my friend were freaking out, a day till exams and this stupid assignment that we had no clue how to do.
we went through all he standard breakup stuff of him wanting an explanation, wanting to get back together, go to counseling, etc...
just wanted to know if i would be considered an asshole though.
anyways, her parents are rather religious, the type to go to church every sunday, and they constantly push that agenda onto me and my girlfriend.
laughter now exclusively used to mask feelings
disgusting, unusable shopping cart has single sprig of parsley in it
they aren't doing anything for free and they are even charging donor's families for the harvesting of their dead children's organs and also for the failed life saving care.
luke, owen wilson recall meeting on set of 'the royal tenenbaums'
i showed everyone in my friend group, and they secretly showed other people they knew.
she is also a shit stirrer.
employee totally crushes presentation of idea that will soon bankrupt company
marco rubio climbs over garden wall for forbidden midnight meeting with super pac
so all the companies have been notified.
follow-up tests confirm president trump's 19 other personalities also perfectly healthy
but does her (potential) disability really exempt her from any potential consequences or blame?
guy with kids to have more kids
aita for not delivering my mother's gift to her friends?
sarah comes over and starts yelling at the both of us, telling me how i had no right to go to her coworker after she had just denied me.
so, i moved all my food into the basement fridge and informed my brother about this.
when she first arrives at our house for the first time, she brought craft herpes with her, and didn't bother to address it before getting settled in and coating the whole house.
but now, after about two months, things seem to be unraveling.
for instance, when she was giving me head, she actually started licking my balls.
chris christie dreaming about 72-inch springsteen sub
either get him trained or i'll be taking this to [management].
my issue is not with helping but being told on short notice that if i don't do something in 24 hours, we risk being fined.
rudy giuliani lays out legal framework that would keep him on tv for next couple years
caterpillar in pupal stage for past 3 months going to be pissed if it turns out to be moth
fbi panicking after learning encrypted national security communications may have been intercepted by trump administration
naughty butcher specializes in penis-shaped veal cutlet
i have had multiple experiences over the years where people have gotten extremely upset and offended that i have asked for others to ignore my birthday.
now today, i came home from drama rehearsal pretty late, about 4 hours after school ended and i was talking to my dad about my day, which included a secret santa drawing.
he said in a jokey type way that if i was a paid housekeeper i would have been fired years ago.
she has severe social anxiety, so i really want to be there for her (although i don't look forward to mingling with people because as i said, i'm antisocial as well).
we all lived in different cities a few hours away from each other, but we'd meet up every couple of months to go camping or go on mini-trips.
technically, there are 3 potential assholes in this scenario, as 2 siblings (sister and brother) we my co-conspirators.
it was night time, the porch light wasn’t on, and my phone had died so i couldn’t use my flashlight.
book about michael jackson available for purchase
i took ibuprofen and tried to get comfortable enough to sleep.
at that point i was still in shock and barely responded.
i got up sat in my rolly chair, and we haven’t said a word to each other since.
aita for giving my opinion instead of being unwaveringly supportive?
priebus grateful he had so little dignity to begin with
i went to pump my gas, at which point another customer comes to me and explains that she is like this with everyone and how he avoids this gas station at all cost because (and i quote) "she's always on some bullshit".
i think we want more action in general.
frank zappa fan thinks you just haven't heard the right album
hillary clinton waiting in wings of stage since 6 a.m. for dnc speech
according to bar love-tester, inebriated patron okay to drive
ice cream man hopes scott joplin is in hell
i generally try my best not to kink shame anyone because everyone has preferences.
embarrassed cdc announces it accidentally switched flu shots with hiv
so the week goes by and i head home to prepare for the festivities.
at some point i called the drinking off and told them we were gonna head home.
i (18m) have been dating my girlfriend (20f) for seven months.
clinton takes campaign staff to little hole-in-the-wall financial institution not many people know about
senate republicans seek to delay kavanaugh vote until accuser properly smeared
i wanted to do this so i didn’t have to drive 45 mins back and forth twice in one day.
last great party of life to result in first child
teen responsible for all six items in clarksburg police blotter
finally, text bill the situation and go to bed.
my ex and i divorced 3 years ago.
while in elementary school, me and a were never best friends, but we were friends and we spent time together at school, and sometimes outside of school, but usually through other friends.
amazing affleck brothers dazzle oscars audience with high-flying trapeze routine
she's a little loopy since she just woke up but she's immediately so defensive for him.
or if he does, he never follows through with his own plans.
son's black market value checked online
bounced joe biden check still taped up in delaware liquor store
that's not my point, i recognize that i am privileged and that i do have many things to be grateful for, my point is that it's unfair that my brother gets to spend my father's money in whatever ways he wants, to buy whatever he wants whenever he wants, even though he doesn't use most of the shit he gets, and on top of that, if we both ask for something he gets it and i don't.
i start by asking her if she knew it was international men’s day that day, she said she didn’t no, i say it’s important to know, she says she didn’t know, i say she should’ve done something, she just keeps repeating herself.
apocalypto star wants to show he can do mayan comedy
from forgetting to turn off the stove when i finished cooking and leaving stuff out of the fridge (i have never cooked before) to not lowering the toilet seat ( i always had my own bathroom).
12 publicists dead, 43 injured in struggle to transform the rock into dwayne johnson
with my other cousin's friends (18f), i brought up how god isn't real and religion is dumb (they're quite hardcore christian) and it caused them to get offended.
i know i'm technically legally obligated since my name is on the lease, but if i just stop making there, wibta?
i do this both for myself and for her enjoyment.
devin nunes files lawsuit against parents for derailing russia investigation by giving birth to total dud
when my sil does this, i continue speaking and sil and i both continue speaking at the same time, and i raise my voice louder than sil.
i asked if we could have a drink together and he said yes but at his hotel room.
i send the screenshots of our conversation to ruslana and she finds this shit hilarious.
fox news problem solvers in way over their heads
security guards chase naked usa fan around white house
karen (ex's name for the story), my dog, and i were driving early in the morning to a hiking trail in pasadena, california.
sgt. bowe bergdahl recaptured by taliban after wandering off texas base
&#x200b; if we agreed to not go dutch and each pay one third of the meal, there wouldn't be a dilemma, but there was.
he notes that it was turned down, and i let him know that i think that was rude.
wife can take care of child as usual and call husband if something urgent comes up.
geico saves 15 percent or more by discontinuing advertising
d is absolutely horrendous at teaching and her class provides no academic value to me besides the credit and grade.
driver rules out driver error in crash
i have a small balcony with a nice view, that i use as my smoking spot.
i cleaned it up a few times after getting a nice whiff of it inside my bedroom (my computer desk hugs the window) and i notified the leasing office so many times, almost every morning now, they send a maintenance person to come clean it up.
i also realized that this would always be in the back of my mind if i were to date her - that her physical limitations would cause me to feel some sort of resent towards her altering my lifestyle.
i assume he’s gone to the concert without me because his ticket is gone, and i feel terrible.
water pistol fired using sideways gangsta grip
because not only did he ghost me but hes hanging out with my friends?!
she's quite younger than me (she's 20 i'm 27).
i don’t want to be an asshole but at this rate she’ll cut her life span in half...
part of the gameplay includes things called generations where everyone takes turns going in a circle playing cards and using abilities.
i was friendly with patrick but it wasn't until after we both graduated high school that we started dating.
they said "well, call the police if you don't like it!" and slammed the door.
i’m 18 now and started college in august.
study: support for bill of rights highest while attempting to talk way out of drunk driving arrest
usda admits weight loss not possible for people who don't like salmon
the instances of where i put a and b in the above bullets were from the obvious deduction of who raised the concerns against who.
they also said my text was extremely rude.
i’m happy for you, and wish you nothing but the best.
tsa guy circling stuff on boarding pass with reckless abandon
i wish we had more sex but he treats me well and worships the ground under me.
company you've never heard of wants to reward you for your good credit
karate studio hoping to get local phone number that spells out word 'kick' or 'chop'
i mean, it smelled like someone was smoking at that moment.
so today i finally decided to tell rose's mother...
trumpet player wishes someone would sound horns for him when he entered castle gates for once
&#x200b; tldr; girlfriend gets (minor) plastic surgery for double eyelid surgery.
i say that will be taking her, because i’d rather explain to c the situation and take my friend to prom than tell me friend “no i don’t wanna go to prom with you” * i asked d and a for advice the day the previous bulletpoint happened, after it occurred, asking where i should go from there.
chloë sevign̈y approved for second umlaut
man cruises by william h. macy's website to check out the latest news
i (17m) have multiple chores around the house that my dad (46)", dad's gf, 3 dogs, and i live in.
study: shoving, yelling makes things go faster 76% of time
i personally love the attention and being flirted with, and i find myself flirting back most of the time.
lindsey graham dining alone at applebee's kind of wishes protesters would come heckle him
and i think i have every right to be.
so she gets home i’m talking to her in her room and she starts coughing, you know, because of the exhausted asthma and bronchitis.
my friends say bring him over and tell my ex to fuck off but they’re in college so i think they’re just being dark about the situation.
young couple hasn't yet realized they don't have to do grocery shopping, laundry together
i responded with "anyone who has one in their house is an idiot" she then fired back with "my mum has one.." and i finished the conversation off with "well that proves my point lass." it's a leather sofa and i can't sleep with a cold ass.
my kid, middle school age, wants to go on a trip next summer sponsored by his school.
i feel as if my grieving the past relationship has barely even started, and that half of the time i’m still in denial phase.
her superior walks in during this time and he's asking if everything is ok so i tell him that i forgot to mention not to put onions and that i have a severe allergy.
it’s my first time being in a relationship and i think making it a year together is a really big deal, so i feel like spending our anniversary together is the best way for us to celebrate.
40-foot american flag pin welded to statue of liberty
she's now furious with me and we aren't speaking.
year abroad changes student's worldview for one year
right to own handheld device that shoots deadly metal pellets at high speed worth all of this
later that day i get home only to have my mum wanting to know exactly what i said.
tl;dr: i used to be friends with someone who has a vomit phobia.
i went to the store and in the parking lot saw the same bmw we have on video dropping off packages.
aita for abandoning my friend on lsd in the woods and ruining his life for a year?
aita for asking my friend out?
aita for refusing to be "just friends" with girls?
and that they had to help jack and me not just jack.
well the roommate i got is very peculiar about lights off at a certain time and everything needs to be pitch black and it has to be well below freezing in the room!
she said she managed a nice place and she's gotten complaint after complaint about my car.
i'm used to hanging out with one particular dude, we like to have deep conversations about life, relationships etc.
this was the turning point in the conversation for me.
she asks me to hang out again and i say my schedule is so crazy for the next three months i don’t know (which obviously doesn’t go with the suicide watch thing...
it's safe to say that i am a dog person.
(ya know, the old 'underwear?' joke) and he does.
i told her i would have to see how things went because i worked that evening.
obama to assure nation that isis campaign will be drawn-out ordeal they're used to
one of my friends posted a long eulogy on facebook about how terribly monstrous the police officer was.
i asked if he washed his hands and he said “no need”.
study: u.s. wastes 2 million hours annually figuring out where tape roll starts
area teen smoking like he's been to fucking war or something
background: her mom (f50s) is staying with her (f24).
report: majority of diner's salt and pepper shakers currently being used to diagram elaborately planned bank heists
the truth is i do regret what i did.
&#x200b; i've always felt bad about it but reflecting upon it, i think he may have overreacted.
boise homemaker bows toward mecca just to see what it's like
additionally, due to the stress of everything, recreation time that usually helps me cope with stress also comes at a premium.
i could tell that she was very uncomfortable as the drive went on, but we were on the highway and it would’ve added about 15 minutes to our drive depending on how long it would take to find somewhere with a public bathroom, and i didn’t want any workers to see just how drunk she was.
koch brothers furious kavanaugh never disclosed that nation might care about sexual abuse
i wasn't expecting him to say 8/10, but it kind of shocked me, as all my previous boyfriends have spoken to me as though i was the most beautiful woman and called me 10/10.
aita for being upset that one of my friends came out as gay after dating my other friend (a girl) for two years?
i don't want to pay for them to tell me that i just need to take medicine and will be ok, nor i want to spend money on the baddest news of all my life.
i hate having to censor the way we talk in case we offend her over something trivial.
man does incredibly well at slot machine demo embedded in ad
alcohol goes right back to abuser every time
for context, i tend to drive and camp out on the right lane unless i need to pass someone.
to which i said, "you know what.
it really kinda miffs me that i’d give anything to get to spend time with my kid and i’d have to pay his family to do that.
elvis costello poster starting to suspect it will never be framed
i never told her the day or talked about the “trip” and hoped she’d forget about it.
but she doesn’t get it) and she’s like you know, i really meant what i told you and really thought we were friends, and i don’t know what it is on your end, which sucks.
guillermo del toro makes first appearance with new monster wife at venice film festival
i'm finding it very hard to move on as long as i have that sliver of hope left.
just to look at her pictures.
i leave for work at 7:30 and come home at 6:30 most days.
ticketed motorist pointing finger just the green light cop needed
wise oracle proclaims to all at barbecue that he felt a raindrop
cartoon peppers on menu a foreboding warning to all who would dare order spicy entrees
we hug, in a hug she did not participate in, am i the asshole?
obesity-study lab rat's life pretty sweet
so she wants to start going to bed at 8:30 her time which is, 7:30 my time.
while i did not explicitly say i wanted to go out for dinner for new years, i thought it was assumed.
i figure, if he’s going to be audited eventually why not try to get an incentive for it.
we all ended up drinking too much and ended up back at his hotel room (his occupation involves a lot of traveling, and he comes through my area a few times a year).
now at this point i was a little confused since i had spoken to jane (the one who had rented the car) and she had said gas wasn't an issue.
over the course of the night, i should note that, the person waiting our table changed twice.
obama gently guides michelle's hand as she maneuvers drone joystick
there's about 5 of us and we usually drive around town and hang out on one of the days.
2 years later i am now only just getting my stuff back, not even all of it, after repeatedly asking and now i find out that he still hangs out with this guy and his fiance.
now that i’m more level headed, i see how distasteful this was and i will definitely apologize for the way that i left.
at this point i told them i would be open to negotiating a fair price so i wouldn't have to involve my boyfriend.
i feel like she’s starting to become a little bit needy and i don’t know how to break it to her.
i was tired i guess, but it was maybe a mix of those two.
now, a little about my wife and i and our saving habits.
also shitty that i told her i wasn't looking for anything serious, so why not just make a new friend.
new report finds humanity 10 years away from something called ash age
i have told him no in a thousand different ways, including just "no." my car is far away in a parking garage so this goes on and on with him yapping and me gently letting him down.
dog doesn't consider itself part of family
i have known my girlfriend (20f) for four years, but we have only been dating for one year.
her hearing isn't very good and she doesn't like wearing hearing aids, so conversations with her consist of you saying something and her responding to what she thinks you said, which usually doesn't like up with what you actually said.
because my grades will be sent out to colleges she bumped up my grade (along with other students) to an 80.
bar mitzvah transforms jewish boy into elderly man
goodwill employees shaken by gigantic pants
bird's nest 65 percent cigarette butts
some background: my mother is somewhat neglectful and absolutely narcissistic.
man constantly blaming his problems on fact that he's on fire
however shes recently begun questioning why i get aroused by her stories.
context goes a little far back but within 2018: things started to go awry when i left the dnd group for being sensitive to sound and that i got mad at his friends for laughing at the mic even when i asked the dm to lower their voices (and yes, i also lowered my volume to the minimum).
i suggest that he probably needs to put himself out there a bit more, especially with the ladies.
we have a big fight and i leave.
advisors tell trump, cruz to stick to just attacking all women in general
well, her parents had said that they didn’t want her to go, although we’ve all already paid $1000+ and booked it 6 months ago.
she get super pissed saying that she wants to get it out of the living room and that i am just slacking off instead of helping her.
in a few words, what do you need help with today?
disgusting gyro meat magically turns delicious after midnight
aita for being upset the love of my life gave me a shitty proposal?
poll finds 30% of americans still undecided whether to vote out of fear or spite
my parents and i were on super bad terms and essentially i ended up with my friend and her family after they were called by the police to house me because i was a minor in my country.
i have been free for one year.
600-pound butter cow sculpture wins iowa caucus
report: getting out of bed in morning sharply increases risk of things getting even worse
aita for buying gifts that i can use too?
terrified johnny depp unable to remove tonto makeup
my neighbor loves his car, to the point of obsession.
ticketmaster is honoring refunds (at face value) but i lose $300 for three tickets if i do that.
for backstory, ive known these girls since high school, i talk to bitch1 frequently even though we dont live in the same state anymore.
he went crying to my mom.
cassini probe realizes too late this was a setup all along
he accused us of defaming him and socially isolating him but i think the group just prefers having a girl around to him and didn’t like him much anyway.
we have a lot of the same interests and he always has fun date ideas.
so, aita for turning off their lights and locking the doors?
hi all, a little backstory; we are both 18, her family are quite close knit and share home-cooked family meals every night.
he supports me in my career and now being a stay at home mom, he's amazing, he's wonderful and i can't live without him.
paul ryan announces new congress sexual harassment training will create safe work atmosphere, plausible deniability
whenever i would hang out at his house his mom would openly flirt with me but i initially just chalked that up to her being playful and flirty.
so overall, the net good-bad is positive, so nta.
the first car is a residents car and goes in through the right side and the gate is now wide open for the next one a big suv also a resident.
i wanted to help you out" he says "fuck you.
political scientists reassure americans that stripping minorities of citizenship usually where descent into fascism peters out
cousin really going all-in on retweeting porn stars
at first she kept on messaging me like usual, asking me where i was, why i didn't talk to her, saying she missed me, she apologized if she did something wrong and wished i would come back.
aita for rejecting a girl i almost slept with and then inviting her for dinner so, for backstory, me and this girl were flirting a fair bit through the year and last month we almost slept together.
how could she possibly be worried if we are only having sex once in a given month?
they say "you can choose your friends but you can't choose your family".
ray lahood resigns following mysterious disappearance of country road
i haven’t heard from my friedn for a while cuz i’ve been busy with school and stuff.
i don't mind if he happens to be around whenever i'm hanging out with any of y'all, but i'm not going to accept any of his attempts to hang out with him.
it's so much that the brother has an option to live here, but doesn't want to deal with what it means to live in the home.
it just really gets to me, i have told her how annoyed it makes me and she just argues that it isn’t something she could control.
i was definitely a 10 out of 10.
prefacing the actual story, i suffer from adhd and sensory processing dysfunction.
i've brought it up many times but she won't budge.
i rationalize to myself how it's just for fun since i respond to them from her phone, and it's very infrequent, but i know that it's because i'm paranoid.
whenever i go over and she does something that upsets me she says "you can't get out of my house then" yeah, it's your house on paper, but it's my brother who's paying for it.
postal service unveils new line of stamps honoring americans who still use postal service
all of us highly resemble our father, me being the most similar.
elmo admits he's uncomfortable working with gay puppeteer
now i don’t make fun of him every time.
'let's all say what we're grateful for,' says mother who apparently believes she's in a norman fucking rockwell painting
im pretty sure i was the asshole for doing that.
i've never fallen so hard for someone or loved a woman this much, we clicked on every level.
how am i lacking compassion here?
so aita for forgetting to pay the sitter 25$ for yesterday and deciding not to go back and give it to her because of the dog?
we got home at 5am, and that made going to work almost impossible for the day.
he told me on the spot to leave the establishment.
disconcerted woman has no memory of telling dressing room attendant her name
the grindr guy then offered us $400 to send a video of me blowing my friend.
international aids conference attendees receive complimentary gift bag full of awesome aids gear
i, for the most part, can ignore my demeanor, put on a smile and get through the day.
lately she has been unhappy with me, saying she feels like a "single mom" and that i'm just a "live-in child support paycheck".
aita for not wanting to register to vote?
dog in purse stares longingly at dog in yard
rob porter apologizes for falsifying number of wives he beat on white house resume
david lee roth might as well jump
police officers waving everyone over to take a look at what happened to this guy
south dakota asked to water north dakota's crops over the weekend
so, the guest list caused me quite the conundrum, however i decided to talk my friend about how i felt and told them i would still really love to have them at our wedding, however because of certain criteria in our wedding guest list making, that i could not invite her partner.
well what does my dad do?
british royal family places queen elizabeth in nursing home
see you can't be arrested for a dui if you never showed cause of being drunk while driving and if they can't prove you even drove the car.
but as we got older and grew up the things we liked and our personalities changed.
i sent the logs to the new guy she was seeing, explained who i was, and that was that, i wasn't interested in being with her again, maybe i wanted vengeance partially, but most of all if i could've had someone send me that and avoid the past 2 years of my life i would've given anything to have that.
i'm currently living in a relationship with my partner and our two small kids.
i just feel so guilty and frustrated to be nearly 30 and unable to scratch that itch.
lottery winner burns money in faces of poor children
i have fairly traditional values regarding relationships and a very broad definition of what i consider to be cheating or inappropriate behavior.
he got a little too close for comfort, and there was a car to my right so i couldn't get out of his way immediately.
so this happened when i was going to leave for my grandma's house.
nothing romantic about it just as friends because she lived so close and i wasn’t enjoying being alone with my thoughts.
r.e.m.'s children still hoping parents will get back together
man unsure how to expose self to woman he likes without coming off as a creep
i tried one night without anything and i tossed and turned all night, so i basically just said screw you im gonna do it anyways i can't sleep without it.
i’m constantly stressed about her getting hurt or even dying because of her job.
freakonomist keeps close eye on ge stock versus height of mexican weightlifters
bush orders iraq to disarm before start of war
betty friedan honored with second-class postage stamp
he could have said he let's go to taco bell before we were in front of the house or we were still on mission.
i feel badly about not being there for her for all of this and might want her back one day but the trust is just *destroyed*.
aita for accidentally telling my sister in law that people with her major are terrible?
as a delivery driver i have places to be and often get chewed out for being late and these guys don't help.
however it seems like a scum thing to do on the basis of literally pretending to kick someone.
maybe take 1 day from the moving week she booked?
then i had a falling out with them which weren’t that serious but i just weren’t so close with them and they told me to get rid of the account which i did but i still remembered the password.
certain details, including names, have been modified or omitted for the sake of anonymity.
my parents said they would pay for the accommodations for everyone, so we only had to pay for our transportation.
furloughed willie horton pays respects at george h.w. bush funeral
middle-aged couple sick of 31-year-old son always trying to set them up with other parents
did she follow me in and open the door on purpose?
i am mad that he had no consideration for my family and the fact they had planned their day around us, i am mad because he had no consideration for me and how i might feel, i am mad especially because i feel as though he knew exactly what he was doing and intentionally put me in that position because he knew i wouldn't say anything in front of his family on the happiest day of the year.
i'll be graduating med school in 3 years, and she's always dreamt of seeing me in my robe on the big day.
dc executive worried batgirl script not interesting enough to be movie, 3 more movies, 2028 reboot and 4 more movies
cops cleared on corruption charges after implicating decorated police dog
especially since they are posted as a list on the refrigerator.
woman sick of being stuck in back half of velma costume entire halloween party
hbo presentation fails to deliver promised 'brief nudity'
mueller kinda miffed that barr clearly didn't read his stuff like he said he would
yesterday was my little brother's birthday, so my mom organized a little party only including our direct family and her brother's.
will keep this very short but can add info if needed.
my girlfriend and i had a baby a few months ago.
the night ends and i decide to take her home since she’s pretty drunk, but we get burgers first.
[ this film blew up on youtube.
man entirely different misogynist online than in real life
i feel guilty about it every single day but i feel better where i am in my life and idk if i'm an asshole for being okay with who i am after everything that i've done.
she was in it for the drama at this point.
man hoping girlfriend doesn't notice valentine's day gift came from gas station
clive cussler realizes latest novel not thrilling 3 hours after sending it to printer
white house pretty sure uzbekistan diplomat stole a bunch of soap
the retail price for it is $450-500.
edit i know grammar bad but english not first language
she even posted about it on facebook.
governor demands to know which star on american flag is iowa's
i decided this after considering that if i went along i would have been in a bad mood the entire time, and if i put my foot down then he would have been just as frustrated.
grounded plane makes snow angel on tarmac
she then told me not to get angry with her and left with her group of children in a huff.
is it that big of a deal?
she tried to bite back saying i lied to my grandmother about doing my work soon when i actually have a problem finding motivation to do tasks no matter what they are.
i panicked a little at the thought of missing an opportunity with kendra.
since i had already tried to escalate to their manager, it became apparent that i wasn’t going to get anything else and decided to leave so i could get on with my day, albeit much more pissed than i was before.
i have multiple people who talk about things they're going to do or have happen for themselves in the future.
also, scouts really care about their organization in my experience.
also i got confronted that i was too obsessed with girls that have sugar daddies(specifically i said that it is sickening and unnatural for a 45year old guy, to have a sexual relationship with an 18year old.),my friend said that that aint my problem, but i think that it is,the girl i talk about posts the old dudes and its just sick.
report: some small town enjoying last days of anonymity before harrowing tragedy
she had never been with another boy so at the beginning she had never touched a dick.
is there anyone else out there besides ron swanson that feels this way about birthdays?
congress allocates $500 million for development of funkier bass lines
&#x200b; i know everybody experiences grief differently and you should respect that but i feel like if it was any one of them then frank would have gone to show his support.
(post for someone i know personally) aita for responding the way i did to this guy?
"why did the bad man take lucy and diaz away?", then the mother pointed at me.
for the record, i personally don't care, but was a little squicked out when they did it at the house we 3 (me, youngest sis, and second brother) lived at because he has the basement suite (it's fully finished) and it carried up through the vents, so we heard....everything.
area man dying to tell someone his cool password
ford recalls 2010 mustang for being too cool
stressed lab rat breaking out in human ears
growing 'fat-earther' movement believes planet 2.4 quintillion pounds overweight
i then asked, “why would you do that to me?
the issue is the loans, he's upset that he has to apply for them at all.
aita for sending my teacher an aggressive email anonymously a few days ago, my 10th grade english teacher (who we'll call mrs n) gave us an extremely hard test that we as a class were unprepared for.
she thinks that anna acts inappropriately toward me and she’s not totally wrong but i think it’s unfair of lisa to try to control my friendships.
they're technically not out anything, but each person could instead have spent that money on themselves and gotten something in particular that they want.
transgender community caught slightly off guard by baskin-robbins' enthusiastic support
me: (says nothing) friend: hey do you want to go to (dance name with me) me: nah, i'm not really big on dances.
viagra giving hope to thousands of struggling stand-up comedians
tv executive claims to be looking for edgy
paramedics didn't realize how hard it would be to cut drunk woman out of elmo costume
pregnant wife and i are going to the mall, in the distance i see someone pulling out so i make my way down the lane.
i guess i was madder about it than i thought because, according to him, i was an asshole the whole weekend.
my friend goes out after her.
n pulled a complete 180 and kicked my out of her room where we were talking.
so am i an asshole for being a stuck up teenage girls who yells at her dad for trying to make ends meet?
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend of 10 months tldr : broke up with a rebound that helped me through a rough time in my life with the reason “romantic feelings are gone”.
mom wants to know if the people who live in your apartment building are nice
everything a joke to local teen
catholic church releases new molestation-proof altar boy uniform
this went on for years, and in this time he was really dedicated to battling depression and trying to become the best person he could be.
he even said that "i can't even remember who my own girlfriend is" and accused me of cheating on her.
came back 40 minutes later and she left me a note saying "hot tip don't take other people's clothes out of an on dryer.
were my roommates clearer than i interpreted?
7.1 billion demonstrate in favor of global warming
i kept hoping she would change since she kept coming back to me...
so just buy another crate and we'll be fine.
cardboard snowflake half-heartedly masking-taped to break-room door
i apologized again and asked her to give me another chance, but she ignored it.
when someone doesn't live in the same city as i do, to the point where i can regularly spend time with them in person, i mostly stop hanging out with them and interacting with them over digital messaging platforms.
christmas eve comes once a year and i want it to be drama and spectacle-free.
at practice she would always hop in my lane just to fuck with me and start shit.
report: u.s. consumers spend $900 billion each year after saying 'gimme one of those, too'
i was still recovering from the physical symptoms of the allergic reaction when i heard x went around telling people that “going into anaphylactic shock was karma for what i did to her”.
anyway, when i was discharged from the hospital, i still had some stuff over at my ex's place.
open-minded man tries to get news from variety of facebook friends
aita for telling her to leave me alone, then inviting her to my new room just 1-1, despite not inviting her to the actual party??.
and my home room teacher talks to me about it, and this was during class, so everyone of my friends were there.
he said there was something he wanted to tell me and he hoped i wouldn’t judge.
we decided on south tucson, az.
connecticut man visited by being from another time zone
maybe 6 years ago we had a priest (let’s refer to him as fr.
i live in a rural area so the houses are about 10-20 meters from each other but every single night for the past years my neighbor starts coughing like crazy with 20-30 minutes intervals, sometimes going for 5 minutes straight.
my freshman year of college i went to a party.
for context, there were two seniors (maybe 70+) reading their own book who i think wouldn’t have wanted to hear that.
heat wave doesn't bother local contrarian
new little caesars marketing strategy has employees throw themselves on hoods of passing cars
out of nowhere he asked "so can i come over on saturday?".
i’ve lost count of how many episodes of friends i’ve watched and the countless meg ryan chick flicks which i hate, but i do it cos she enjoys it.
eventually she persuaded me to have a second child.
i have done everything they asked of me.
researchers announce they don't have heart to reveal what will happen to 1 in 5 women
i tried to make friends with this guy a couple of years ago.
then few days later he found about the side money i made and he got mad and made a scene.
i've noticed it, and she has too.
'there is beauty in decay,' says head of federal highway administration while surveying nation's crumbling roads
not to mention that me and my current gf are going through some stuff and i’m low on patience for girls at this point.
your republican friend to explain why paul ryan is great choice
i'm fine with her having lady friends, as long as they don't go too in-depth about me, and the relationship stuff, but i don't see what she's got to do with those other guys tbh.
aita for tipping delivery drivers with food to further clarify, i rarely carry any cash on me as i mainly use my debit card.
this post will probably find its way over to r/iamverysmart at some point, but oh well.
bush dragged behind presidential motorcade for 26 blocks
this may not seem like a huge deal, but it was to me.
i couldn't believe it and i was furious because the money is void by the end of the year.
am i the asshole for telling y to send those photos, even though i wasn’t serious?
well, 10 months and 5 shit-surprises in, i can admit that this experiment was a mistake and owning a cat isn't for me.
yeah, i wrote it on the truck but i highly doubt i did any damage to the paint job (that he/she so obviously cared about judging by the filthy state of said truck).
i later found out from her friend that she's catholic and doesn't wanna date anyone till later.
i felt bad about the whole thing and stupidly decided to tell them that i had this disorder.
aita for asking a friend to pay for a holiday room they aren't staying in my friends and i, 8 of us in total, wanted to go on holiday together in january.
aita for being mad at someone for not getting me food??
one day she started crying instead, straight to her friend.
stupid 16-year-old completely wasting adderall prescription on mental health
aita for not wanting my girlfriend to go to gay pride?
where japanese sometimes get exhausted by germans insisting on their opinion, germans sometimes get exhausted by the fact that the japanese "don't have a opinion".
&#x200b; i also can't play late at night when hes awake as i have 2 other roommates who have a normal sleep schedule, and i don't want to wake them up.
he says that i’ve done things just as bad and that i can’t act for other people.
rust belt town protests construction of new truck stop that would obstruct views of state penitentiary
yesterday, she asked me if i would be ok with our son being in daycare for half the day m-f so she can go to the gym and work on her esthetician license.
tim tiny toes (we call him ttt for short) is a friend i met through fishfan420.
i felt enraged and went and told my sister that the young man followed me into the bathroom.
power-crazed orkin man burns house to ground
aita for not wanting my bf to go to prom with me?
these kind of disease can be spotted in amniosynthesis(or amniocentesis) or different scans of genome.i know it can harm,even kill the baby,and i know i can’t understand what that means but if you spend not even 20 billion on uprading tech for genome scanning it definetely would make difference.
i get home to call and instead of customer service she gave me the number to the store help services for store experiencing problems.
the professor has never graded on a curve so i can't see it affecting my peers in anyway whatsoever.
they want capitalism for themselves and then they expect socialism when they think they can game the system.
i'll be the first to admit that with two toddlers running around the place gets messy and it's hard keeping up with it.
edit 2: okay okay, i'm the asshole here.
i enjoy it, she enjoys it, whatever.
one day, she just straight out asked me, "why doesn't anyone like me?" i explained that it wasn't her, it was them, and that being in a relationship should not define you.
man has absolutely no clue how old anyone he knows is
presidential radio address pledge drive in its final day
maybe that just turns me on to take those pictures.
then suddenly this random guy walks up to us and says if we could give him some money for some gas.
43-year-old figured he would've grown out of waving to self on security cameras by now
i moved in in january and this sunday was apparently a major problem.
now it is important to note that the bus stop where i grab my bus to go home is right opposite the restaurant.
i figured because he is religious that it wasn't going to be an issue.
&#x200b; i (m26 at the time) met an attractive girl (f19) in college.
and then i drove off and left her on the side of the road.
am i the asshole for laughing at racist jokes and telling them?
her response was "what are you trying to say".
there's a conflict and you and i should talk and resolve this, instead of you mocking me for my feelings, which i think are very valid." her answer?
a few examples: this past week my girlfriend and i took a trip to disney world to celebrate her graduating her masters program.
but as we were playing and when i decided to go limp i missed the carpet and hit my head on the floor.
"yeah, i'll do what i can" and put the turkey back up out of hands reach.
the punishment wasn't too severe we have to be partners on a trip, could have resulted in a suspension.
the next morning when i got a good morning message from him, i i literally cringe when i saw his face.
i commented back home, at the end of the trip, about my findings on the cheating husband.
nation's pregnant women announce discovery of comfortable sitting position
female trump supporters just feel more comfortable with gop candidate who's openly horrible to them
around the age of 6, she started to exhibit nearly the same behavior as her father (who i hate); being aggressive, rude, loud, and obsessed with toys.
aita for being mad at my girlfriend for being out at night?
nothing has changed about me since she rejected me about 2 years ago other than that i have some money now and i'm a tad more flashy with it i guess.
best-laid plans of mice mostly cheese-related
greg behrendt releases new book for children: your parents aren't that into you
stop lying to me." and walk away.
coworkers pull off daring one-hour lunch break
new wes anderson film features deadpan delivery, meticulous art direction, characters with father issues
spot where dog vomit cleaned up now noticeably cleaner than surrounding floor
jury selection proving difficult in trial of 'the jury killer'
i was told they sat together and cried and reminisced and this was to show support.
they think maybe she ate something she shouldn't have.
r. kelly releases emotional new song thanking fans for continued acceptance of sex crimes
her parents are retired, with disposable income and have came to see us once for a few hours.
i felt bad and i felt like an asshole.
my wife wants to pay for everything for the party which i think is a bit unfair considering she was asked to throw the party and did not volunteer to do it.
they mentioned that they'd rather stay at home in the first place.
so, am i the asshole in this situation?
i mean, i’ve never even heard anything related to pizza in england or germany.
my mother coddles my less successful siblings and showers them with affection and it enrages me.
one suggests i should pay at least half (when my paycheck is right about half how much i owe when i need to do other things like open a savings account.
i usually drive left lane, about 10mph above speed limit on highways (just enough not to get pulled over).
nunes: 'the american people have a right to know the contextless, selectively-edited truth'
i left to redeem the ticket, and i ended up winning $500, cash in hand.
this car pulls directly up to the line as well except now it's full of cars.
as it stands, i've made my dissatisfaction clear, and i've left it in her court to decide whether to start considering other job opportunities.
the problem is, he definitely spent at least an hour working the project out on his own, despite his need to study, and since i declined, the work would go to waste.
they might be giants behind the music episode lacks sex, drugs
every time you talk you underestimate everyone.
chuck grassley cranks up music in senate chamber to drown out ford's testimony
i am involved in the cuckold fetish community as a "bull".
she sometimes asks me why i don't talk to her or why i dont spend time with her anymore, to which i usually shrug or just act like i didn't hear her.
during another deep talk she mentioned she completely dislikes the idea of long term relationships.
teen on verge of either joining isis or getting super into rollerblading
despite claims, long story not made short
i was speechless for several seconds, i then blew up and told her that that is way off topic and completely against my morals, and how could she think i would do something so awful.
americans finally recognize own country again after president does half-assed job walking back humanitarian crimes
aita for organizing a date with a girl before breaking up with ex so basically i had been seeing this girl (let’s call her f) for a couple of months and honestly i never had strong feelings for her but she was nice we got along and i wanted to give her a chance to see if things could work.
it's been a while her: yeah dude sounds good.
immediately, she got upset, yelled fine, i'll just do it myself, and left to go get a tree alone--which is something that i consider to be a special thing you do with family.
i have offered to go to counseling to no real effect, i've offered just a once weekly it's ok to go over there with backlash.
panicked meteorologists advise entire nation to take cover after losing track of hurricane michael
i kinda do feel like an asshole for being annoyed during what is a very difficult time for them but a part of me that wont go away feels like that it doesn't really speak that optimistically for the relationship if their reaction is to just shut down all communication with me.
barbara bush calls white house to see if she can leave husband there for few hours
u.s. stock market soars after bernanke's reassuring comments about 'pacific rim'
wedding guest blissfully unaware she barely made the cut
so i was having some banter with a couple of chaps at the bar and my buddy rodger is telling us how he got a promotion at work.
there are some exceptions, but very few.
listening to his bland pitches is beyond irritating.
neither of us really has anyone else to turn to about this as none of our friends know how bad our relationships have gotten, the facades are still in place for both of them.
me, an adult man getting a degree, just sat there while she being bullied.
tl;dr: my neighbor wanted me to pick up after my dog but her lawn is already completely covered with dog feces.
trump raises $50 million at fundraiser where gop donors get to watch him weep for 2 hours
because of this i am regularly stressed about money going to a 4 year university, and do experience underlying jealousy to my roommates, especially m, who gets a school year allowances of $10,000 for recreation/ food, and uses it all, mostly on going out to eat regularly.
police assure residents kidnapping was only one of those custody-related ones
'don't make me regret this,' mueller tells rick gates before uncuffing him to work on investigation together
i said better yet, i'll come get you and you can borrow the car for the day as we have two (an old manual one i paid for prior to meeting my wife and a newer one we paid for out of our joint account).
she is handling it remarkably well, and she is capable of making the decisions that are best for her.
rookie trucker always on cb to mother
having awkward conversation with coworkers in alternate venue referred to as 'going out to lunch'
i know he has already done some criminal shit, but the only thing our police cares about is drugs, so would it be wrong to ruin his life by planting drugs on him?
we said goodbye, and when i got home i basically wrote her a message basically saying i need space indefinitely and that if she sees me i don't want to talk to her.
long distance is hard, and now i have trust issues due to the lie.
aita for saying my partner didnt do anything in a subtle way during the project presentation?
real estate agent warns syrian couple about neighborhood's high war crime rate
"yeah i was hoping to avoid that by introducing them..." "your dogs may be friendly, but mine arent." he went back inside taking the one tied up inside also.
obama purchases ad space on side of mccain's bus
cool mccain supporter wears 'mccain 2000' shirt to campaign speech
i'm sick of it and i want to have the cat put to sleep.
a few hours later, he comes to my apartment very confrontational, and i just denied everything.
i’m seeing my ex the 18th of january, and i really don’t know what to do.
no word from the perps for 12 hours.
this group is basically her cult followers as they are two years younger and can’t drive so they look up to her like a god.
i still refuse to talk to her and she breaks down crying, begging me to talk to her.
after about a week had passed i asked her where her head was at and she said she felt if she said she wanted to get back together she would need to see more effort in the relationship.
also, you could say that fighting is on overreaction &#x200b; btw at the principals, he said that i should be killed for what i did.
my dad basically laid 3 conditions for me using the car: 1.
city of baltimore targeting young professionals with new 'you get used to it' campaign
one of them has had her feet up the entire time on the empty seat next to mine and i can feel it every single time she moves.
i don’t know too much about his time with his girlfriend but he was accepted into the family.
aita for interferring in a flirt that was about to happen between a random girl and my husband right in front of me?
son attempts to cultivate parents' interest in better movies
advertising executive gets in touch with inner-child demographic
historical archives: to-day in american history
so aita for returning his gift to the store and getting the money back?
head a little down and a little slow, but otherwise looking better.
actor who portrayed the night king recalls challenge of playing character with no purpose
heirloom plasticware lovingly handed down to next hundred thousand generations
alabama quietly strikes bo bice day from state calendar
i systematically push for being a part of her project too, because of the above mentioned agenda and also the pure interest in working on hr analytics, my somewhat favourite area in hr.
i do not know much about her, so these statements are from my observations and educated guesses.
obama praises own strength, resilience in face of hardship during state of the union
i confronted my fiance in private and she just asked me to not invite her to the wedding.
aita for not wanting my gf to know my online banking password?
i was only just over a year old at the time.
once it’s done i might add “since you came can you go down stairs and get me water”.
so my girlfriend and i enjoy drinking with our close group of friends.
ivanka trump distraught after learning detained migrant children completely without sewing machines
i lied about going, everyone happy.
i know she has a right to be with her best buddy in his final minutes, but if it's going to cause her emotional trauma that will cripple her for months i'd rather she not be there.
i was working, and john asked me a question about a skateboard that was sitting collecting dust on the bottom shelf of a nearby table.
i back out of meeting, i'd rather do her chores for two weeks and handle this next semester.
the dad tries to make him hush quietly but the kid won't stop screaming.
but then, i realized something, so i told them me: “hey, you guys do realize that this is wayyy more responsibility right?” them: “but we got shiba a friend so he won’t be bored staying at home alone whenever no one’s home” me: “who’s gonna take care of it” them: “us all together, of course” i then got extremely frustrated because i knew they would only do what they’re supposed to do for a short while.
aita for forcing my boyfriend to open his phone so i can snoop i dont know his password.
drummer's girlfriend thinks he should sing
she said this does not make her reflective, it just is terrible communication.
i have had several episodes where i have asked my girlfriend to remove her jewelry, like remove a ring, because she wanted to hold hands, remove a neclace when she lean over me ect.
i think this was mostly subconscious, and it might just be taking a toll.
backpedaling trump claims eldest son would probably be fine doing 5 to 10 years in prison
i've asked her, and she gives me an incoherent response, listing off issues i was certain were addressed.
all of the girls have been expressively distraught.
he was wearing a basketball team hat so maybe some tickets?
my wife has a fused spine.
report: seasonal depression still better than purchasing tiny sunshine lamp
a couple more months down the road and me and my girlfriend get married.
so for a period of time i had to sleep outside my room due to the ac in my room shooting out freezing cold air.
here i had to completely cancel my plans and my recording session as i was threatened that he'll report me to the ra, unwilling to listen to me saying i was planning this ahead of time.
aita for being super annoyed with people that give christmas cards?
my fiance and i got into a fight last night about a christmas gift he got from my grandparents.
though to his credit, the guy was actually hacking.
so me and my gf have had a serious relationship now for about a year and a half.
i guess they ended up sleeping together that night, right in my living room.
we had similar chatting style so it seemed like a great match so far.
i did shout but she did too, i did curse (a lot more then her) but she did too, she also cried and i just said that it’s stupid because she has nothing to cry about.
man can get by in his own language
first, a little backstory is in order.
so last saturday i went out with a couple of friends whilst my girlfriend stayed at home, one friend was there that i haven't seen in a while but have been friends with for over 8 years.
i had always thought those phone conversations that i had with her was spending time with each other.
some random lady steps in front of him.
after a month of hearing stuff of how nice the guy is etc (and me dying from the inside), they get into a fight and i have to spent another few weeks comforting her etc.
having hate sex with nicole and being able to taunt and and beat chris has been so satisfying.
toaster really hitting its stride recently
when the landlord called me about it i explained what had happened and told him about how the smoke weed in the house when the lease clearly says no smoking in general.
just full ultimatum and holding the relationship hostage.
a few people didn’t like that and have since gone to straight up ignoring me.
middlebury vermont town council continues 242-year tradition of american democracy with 4-1 vote to rezone lot for new popeyes
i live in a city so there aren’t many places he can go to the toilet in the evening (i live in an apartment).
i go into the car, turn the lights off, look for their key (to make sure i wasn't locking them out) and then locked the doors behind me.
i’ve been roughly 6 years into a relationship now.
and it wasn't forcing either, i just asked everytime for a discussion or a hug when i felt i could use it, and she just gave them to me, saying it wasn't making her incomfortable any time i asked, which was often.
toddler shits her way through 3rd halloween costume of night
i honestly don't know if i want kids (elements of nsfw).
you’re being so rude!” “um hello?
could hillary clinton have what it takes to defeat the democrats in 2008?
my cousins are 14, 16, and 17.
this discussion went on like this for a few minutes, until i got temporarily banned from the channel i was talking in while no one else did.
so a little background, i have a crush on a girl named eden, and i told her, but nothing ended up happening, were basically just really close friends, and she has a crush on this guy named sean, who i actually like, but i obviously dont like that she likes him.
he told me that the thought of me being with someone else made him feel sick.
cam girl has ash on forehead
i’m not the type of person to go off what the people around me are because i want to make my own decision.
almost everywhere i go people seem to find a way to ruin my day and i'm afraid that it's getting to a point (or maybe it's been there for awhile?) where it negatively affects the relationships in my personal life as well as my self esteem.
now i (assuming that, generally, people above the age of 5 don’t soil themselves) didn’t believe her so she takes me to the girls bathroom, and ah, “proves” it.
i'm also going to annual training this winter, depsite missing school i'll be making around $1000.
plus, i'm not a bitch for saying no.
annoyed movers weren't expecting client to have belongings
strapping young man to address congress
&#x200b; am i the asshole for asking my mother in law to apologize to me for barging in our bedroom middle of the night and pushing me off to bed during our little argument with my wife?
i waited to see if she was going to say anything like "hey, im with my boyfriend" or something, but no.
while not approving completely, she told him he was free to do as he wanted and that he was an adult capable of making his own decisions.
&#x200b; as to respond to some of the replies, i don't think i'll be struggling to pay future rent it was just for peace of mind for myself.
b: you are panicking for something you did to yourself - please do not take it out on me.
we spent an entire day shopping in a city an hour away and deciding on these things.
controversial theory suggests aliens may have built ancient egypt's intergalactic spaceport
supreme court votes 7-2 to legalize all worldly vices
pandering nobel peace prize committee honors global harmony again
anyway, yesterday my uncle came here to make dinner (paarents were on vacation, only me and my grandmother home) so, he is there doing whatever, and i'm here, playing on my 3ds, on an online match.
north dakota flooding reminds people of north dakota's existence
antifa organizers announce plans to disrupt neo-nazi rally or whatever else going on that day
i have sacrificed a lot personally for my career.
i will give him credit that he has an almost perfect credit score, and is one of the most intelligent people i have ever met.
so, i did the thing that annoyed her the most.
aita for cycling on the sidewalk?
majority of time at party spent trying to figure out ride home
this larger body type just doesn’t appeal to me and it caught me off guard, but in retrospect she wore very baggy clothes at most times so i see where my misperception came from.
i haven't told her about how i felt but it definitely made me take a step back and look at our friendship.
but he too gets up laughing, pretending his face is melting off.
report: no one at white castle wants to make friends
had a mate of his come over for a cuppa and this is how it transpired ( m is me and f is friend): m: *tinkering away* f: hey mate, what are you working on there?
i'd like to think my activity in this thread was decent discussion of the incident but i've received plenty of downvotes that suggest otherwise.
when my boyfriend got back from his trip we both agreed that us and the roommate should go our separate ways.
she tells me that my friends “are dirt bags no offense”.
he says he sees her at the end of the drive way and doesn't see the big deal.
john boehner beheads juarez cartel member who dared muscle in on his legal weed turf
she's driving me home right now and she's not crying per say, but i heard it in her voice that she was upset.
man walks in on roommate in kitchen having way with his leftovers
i would never cheat on him.
latest gop debate concludes with candidates wrestling squealing pig to ground and slaughtering it
i offer help and once again they say i'm a pain in the ass and that i'm wrong and that i should leave them alone.
this was the first time i actually yelled at him and he took it to heart.
i'd always looked back at that memory as a funny incident, but gf mentioned that it may be a sign of anger issues.
i know it's presumptuous of us to ask all this but if it wasn't important to us we wouldn't ask, so thank you for your understanding.
so instantly i apologised, thinking \*oh my god i've done it again, i've oriented to an intrusive thought, him talking over me was fine, why have i done this\*.
egypt plunges into state of middle east
i told her you can't expect the privileges of a straight relationship but also the lgbt community at the same time.
we had a big fight and honestly wanted to ask, aita here?
aita if i steal a mountain dew voltage can from my roommate but put a $1 bill on the box?
area theater has strict rule against bringing in outside movies
we been dating for 2 years 4 months.
we were hanging out and smoking at my house, and he starts asking me all these sexual questions like how big my dick is, if i've ever had sex with a guy, do i like giving bjs, is it cheating to have sex with a guy, etc.
we were pressed for time because we had to fly back home, and also felt it wasn't fair we had to clean kitchen utensils i barely even used.
fetus going to pretend he doesn't hear loud argument coming from other side of uterine wall
i was on /r/smashbros and a user had an idea for a knock off sub where people can post in game screenshots.
internet crashes as billions of people go online to purchase the onion's latest book, 'the trump leaks'
he drives her home and i end up taking an uber home.
please be honest, cause either way or another i just want to be able to cope with it.
am i the asshole for not wanting her nudes posted?
aita over shouting at a girl because she wouldn't film with us?
as i stop at a red light, i can see far ahead of me the next light, which just turned green.
i still don’t think “fair” is a good enough reason but whatever.
the next pictures said that while some defended the owner, many disagreed and essentially showed someone arguing that a vegan diet is *absolutely* bad for dogs (they said that no dog could eat a vegan diet).
this girls friend messages me on ig and calls me a huge dick and asshole and says that it was so shitty to just fuck her for a few months and just ghost her now.
woman been thinking about getting bangs for past 8 years
aita for not agreeing with everyone that being in the mob doesnt automatically make you an awful person who deserves death?
lilac - a *spring* color - in fall?
she hates the fact that she puts time and effort into things only for me to leave the plans.
i’m not sure if this sounds like a validation post so far, but here’s where it gets complicated.
my mom says “yes he does” after i said no.
afterwards i kinda was hungry and wanted her to leave.
i was bombed myself but not to the point where i don't know what i was doing.
moderator: you know as opposed to barking orders at us me: i just said please.
area man's favorite things all types of meat
i’m half-tempted to knock that platter right out of his hands.
jared kushner forced to follow along with ivanka's classified documents during meetings
now last week, our car has a minor repair needed.
i didn’t feel comfortable with a key to our house being accessible to these people we didn’t know.
wildfire somehow rages back into control
sam and i are practically dating, as are b and jayden.
i recently started college, and she’s now a junior in high school.
prosthetic arm stuck in vending machine
nra criticizes video game makers for downplaying portrayal of euphoric rush felt watching light leave enemy's eyes
(this is to the friend who thinks that it's stockholm syndrome spoiler alert) i'm not sure why, and this is the thing i'm questioning, so i ask g 'if u wanna break up tell me, bc i'd rather u tell me then i just play this guessing game'.
despite armie hammer profile in 'good housekeeping' magazine, 'lone ranger' a flop at box office
then talk to my sister, &#x200b; now i'm not just being jealous here, she genuinely cared and spent more time with my sister more than i.
many people join us for soccer or playing board games but not many of them are interested in studying religion.
i don't want to be on bad terms with him but i felt like i needed to tell him this.
also do want to say i love my wife, she’s the greatest thing to happen to me.
she's not pursuing money (her family is filthy rich) and she just wants to know if i want to be a father and that the reason she hasn't contacted me is because she wasn't sure what my name was and she just found out.
teens spend wild spring break in d.c. begging lawmakers for their lives
all foot traffic would have to walk through the middle of the intersection to get around.
emboldened, i proceeded to include tiny onions into dishes of clients i knew hated onions.
company to get head start on christmas layoffs this year
i guess this got on my boyfriend's nerves, because he got up and left the room.
ryan zinke comes out in support of controversial wildfire
i hopped into this female streamers stream to check it out and get a feel for the community.
jay inslee recalls decision to run for president after 5 teens from across globe pressed enchanted rings together to call him into existence
temp excited to begin first day as secretary of agriculture
recently, one of my co-workers send out a email to my supervisor saying that the overtime schedule is unfair as i’m getting far more days of double pay compared to the rest.
my so and i are both in our late 20s and moved across country in order for him to have more work opportunity.
am i the asshole for abandoning my friend when he possibly needed me the most?
shes a 10/10, not even exaggerating she could be a model if she wanted, shes from brazil and is studying to be a teacher like me.
i am very much into her and she makes me happy.
she told me she was lesbian too, that prevented me from being jealous, but that's not the point at all.
she’s also always threatening to kill herself especially when she wants attention because it bothers her that i talk to other people.
i told her i don’t feel comfortable going one on one to a concert with a single guy formed she has only known for a few months.
woman with low self-esteem boosts area man's self-esteem
voters shocked christie botched such an easy political cover-up
i didn’t tell anyone except the police that i accepted the money from him.
i will note, he is not innocent.
then i heard the door open from the opposite side of where i stood and realized "oh fuck they heard that" and then just ran for my life and caught up with my friends.
my dad is financially well off and has flown me out for week-long visits a small handful of times over the past three years.
ashes of deceased presidents rubbed upon voters' heads in hallowed election day tradition
and then that’s where i met my boyfriend.
i feel like a shit friend and an idiot.
senate subcommittee on energy and water development more like a family
seaworld whales demand 10 percent chum increase
i had to cover my expenses out of my account for the secret santa my family forced me into while my brother had his fully paid for by my father.
but being sick i didn't want to have an "accident" out in public so my intervention was off the table.
aita for wanting my question answered?
i called animal control because where i live it's illegal to keep chickens in your backyard.
he sells drugs low key (ike 3 customers) and i never really cared cos he was fun to talk to, always surprised me with his intellect, and we just had fun times together.
exhausted sweatshop worker just has to laugh after sewing fingers together
report: syria running dangerously low on civilians to oppress
when i first met my girlfriend, she's just got out of a 5 year relationship with a female.
then i'll be very upfront and say that's not a way to talk to me, it escalates...
she has just returned from the first party which was held after school today and what she got in return for her $18/ gift?
she's always complained about her weight and how people make fun of her for it (not to be but i she's loud when she talks to her friends.
divorced man doesn't even recognize smiling, happy family in photo that came with frame
i honestly don’t know where they came from, whether l heard them from b’s councilors or b’s parents.
if they want what is mine then they can pay me (or my heirs) for it.
my husband is never a person to complain if you have a solution to fix your problems.
one coworker sits in my front passenger seat, the other sits in the back.
aita for not bowing down to their racism?
(the bass seems to vibrate his room he claims).
cia interrogator apologizes profusely after asking question about touchy subject
tonight my sister didn’t want to pay for my food(which i was totally okay with) and so she gave me 10 dollars to pay for her 14 dollar pasta dish while i bought a 19 dollar pizza ( ridiculous prices for a pizza btw) along with a tip, i had absolutely no problem with this although giving the delivery man the key hurt my soul just a little bit.
aita for saying a girl at a bakery should be fired from her job?
jonathan franzen rushes over to guy on subway reading 'the corrections' to introduce himself
and teach my two sons that.
this is why i sometimes have to leave later than typical for shower, especially if my boyfriend is with me before.
she claims that she doesn't remember starting sex and the next thing she remembered after the cigarette was having sex (so she blacked out for almost 2 hours according to her).
i was amused and in my head.
i am asexual, but use this app because i can find awesome art references in it, or upload pictures that see the human body as the work of art that it is.
budweiser american lager purchased at tavern
edit #2: i was suggested to break down the argument that took place after the accident.
so this lady gets up for her stop and literally tells on me to the buss driver.
copy pasted from my post on r/confession, [here]( (throwaway account, **tl;dr at bottom**, writing might not be the best feel free to ask for clarification.) this takes place at a boarding school in pa.
harry connick, jr. dies in piano fire
i suffer from a condition that has wrecked my life multiple times after building it up repeatedly.
so i didn't cheat because we were broken up, but am i still the asshole?
the others, b and c, also like to make really funny jokes but not nearly as much as a.
doctor alarmed by how little time family needed to decide to pull plug on grandfather
aita for cheating on a lying wife?
crime scene forensic investigator reminds officers to stop shooting at dead body under sheet
i begged her to stay with me and while she didn’t cut me off entirely we agreed to take a break.
she said i was slut shaming and an asshole, now a few of my friends say the same thing.
she did end up calling me that night.
and i'm sad i couldn't, but i spend the rest of the day and the day after dealing with a stinging scabbed up head, and from my perspective, not coming was the more considerate thing than to go and be a negative presence, which i genuinely thought i would be, and besides, i needed to immediately go home and try to calm the chemical burns in some way.
this isn’t the first time he started shit because this happened on discord where he told me to shut the fuck up over memes and told me he stabbed a man (not to death) because he thought he said stuff he heard over and over again.
but anyway my bf likes him so i guess i just have to deal with it.
they could never come in their house.
e goes “where tf did that come from” and when i tell him it’s a joke he says “this is not the right time to meme”.
(not going to share the name here for obvious reasons, but i can assure you that almost everybody would do a double-take if they saw the name posted in big letters on a door).
i'm actually loving it so far, and i figured all of you would be the fairest about whether or not i overreacted or went out of my way to be a dick.
i decided i am definitely not a good teacher and would rather not waste their time any more and let a better teacher come.
pope francis beats confession out of uncooperative catholic
lots of people love them and that's fine.
jeff sessions spits in face of fbi interrogator trying to get him to turn on trump
he was starting to reach his peak level of drunk just before we left the bar of our hotel and took the trains to the venue.
tv commercial for beverage features woefully reckless pouring technique
i can have fun with friends just fine, especially after a few drinks, but other than that i don't really like talking to people, at all.
like not telling her that i went out with a friend or what's happening in my family.
i'm just doing what it takes to protect what family i have, and he's only given us negative experiences as of late.
the principal boasted about her english papers and anatomy papers and all her work was just sooooo great.
newly unearthed journals reveal j. robert oppenheimer annoyed trinity test researchers by quoting 'bhagavad gita' every time they did anything
group of good-looking people all headed toward same place
'what a crew!' comments man on instagram photo of fucking backstabbing traitors who couldn't be bothered to invite him to margarita night
(that probably makes it sound like he was pressuring me, but all things considered i really didn’t feel that way, and still don’t.
i don’t want to mention it to her that it’s annoying me if i am the asshole here.
aita for getting pissed at friends who chose some of their college application essay prompts at random?
one of those is that i don't bring cooked food in it because it tends to leave a lingering smell.
aita for putting parsley on my roommates scrambled eggs?
sometimes, the phone conversation can be silly things such as "what did you have for dinner & stuff." hence, due to our work and countless phone conversation that we had.
tons of it when he wakes up on his pillow, in the bed, on clothes.
&#x200b; my mom doesn't really have an issue with watching her but she has a lot of mental and physical health proborms from years of drug and alcohol abuse and lives in a home with no heating/insulation and broken/not intact windows.
nation horrified to discover cory booker already a senator
my girlfriend had been living with me rent free since she went on sick leave in september for stress.
i was prescribed sleeping pills yesterday although i don't think i need them.
of course this will be a surprise to my brother and sil as well.
u.s. leads world in mexican-food availability
if people we know see her there, i will be seen a fool.
she say's its obnoxious, it hurts her ears and it's a major sticking point between us progressing in our relationship.
apartment broker recommends brooklyn residents spend no more than 150% of income on rent
party not big enough to move out of kitchen yet
i think we need to take a break and hopefully in ten or an half an hours time when we both come back and talk about it there will be a different outcome”.
i guess he lied so it would seem further along or something).
long story short: my brother wanted to come see me at my job and so he came to me when i was working register and he ordered a mcchicken sandwich with extra mayo .
bf protests- making more excuses on his behalf, but gives it to me.
this happened back in november of 2017.
pathetic hands subject to man's every whim
so this has been bothering me for the better half of the week and i honestly dont know if i'm an asshole for this.
hillary clinton suspended 3 weeks by fec for spitting on volunteer
tom clancy's death hits cincinnati airport hudson news cashier pretty hard
so i buy 1 dollar in gas get my free coffee then cancel the gas sale at the pump.
aita for giving away my sons cat?
he then scream "dude, i'm cooking hurry" and i say "okay, lemme just--" he slaps me on the head.
i say that they should meet her, but not in a group chat, again because it’s very chaotic.
i guess i'll factor her personality in to this; she is absolutely dripping in money and she unashamedly brags about 6 star holidays her and her toy boy take every few months.
so her initial reaction was that the person at fault should pay (aka the friend who exaggerated her drunkenness) my friend realized how silly it was the next day.
panicked oyster praying that lump it feels forming only a pearl
i told her the truth that the play was boring and she went off even more.
my girlfriend says more sternly "finallyaloneagain, this is not okay.
she had been called in to cover his shift and was annoyed that he had left five minutes earlier the day before, hadn’t cleaned up, had taken the pass home with him and now she had to cover for him.
'game of thrones' viewers reeling after finale unexpectedly kills off fan
the being able to say goodnight every night.
it had to be spent at this auction.
they did not tell me "half up front and half later", they simply gave me the money which i immediately noticed was light by 12,500.
luckily she only got first degree burns, but she was crying really hard and my wife felt terrible.
even among straight women, there are things that she could say that would make me uninterested.
apparently, on new year’s eve, he’d told her that he’d liked her for a long time and he really wanted to be her boyfriend.
i'm livid because i'm looking at a person who is in the 11th grade and has been in band since 6th grade.
family respects grandmother's wishes to have open-bloused funeral
report: a lot of people's dream is to have sex with a ghost
someone was saying that they wouldn't be able to afford a drug addiction.
i look at him and ask him where his music is.
marriage breaks up over procreative differences
i wanted to just kind of *fade away* so i deleted basically everyone except for family off of facebook and went no contact.
study finds 68% of americans unprepared for sudden financial stability
in the mean time the rest of my family convinces me to move seats, and we go on with our day.
the plan was to stay there for a year, then switch electricity into someone elses name.
i'm at the end of my powers here.
he can’t respect my sleep schedule so i chose to not respect his.
he is an awkward nerd, while i am much more social.
she is more or less regular and uses a calendar app to see when she 'should' get her period.
crap, i haven’t officially broken up with mike.
she had 2 dogs living with her family, and when we moved in together into an apartment at the start of the year, she had no pets to love anymore.
i finally had enough and called animal control and told them about the dogs being out and barking and they took them away.
tai chi practitioner really slowly dislocates knee
now its 8am and i am extremely nauseous.
the smell of greasy fries and chicken tenders is now emanating.
barring complaining to a few close people to me, i'm not gonna do a damn thing.
i'm not really a picky eater, and there are some dishes by her that have been straight up awful or there's no way i'm eating this for dinner.
nader polling at 8 percent among past supporters
fbi raids michael cohen's office to get closer look at his innovative, thorough legal work
i told them i had to drop the dog off by monday but they said that was a no-go.
white-hot gop race down to two mentally ill people, person who lost nomination last time
cooking is normally my wife's responsibility.
that cheesecake sitting on the table: what if it accidentally fell into your mouth?
i'm 100% willing to get over myself if i have to, but i needed to confirm if i'm the stupid hypocrite i think i am.
william safire orders two whoppers junior
he said he was coming but over the next 15 minutes never arrived and i decided to just take the train and leave him.
mom doesnt know ex gf owes him $12k & he told me not to tell her.
zoologists discover new fastest land animal after pumping white-tailed deer full of steroids
so aita for calling her out?
hubs was livid and still is pouting.
i was at the bar with a buddy of mine and he came out to me that he was gay.
tupperware will never truly recover from red curry leftovers
i take all 3 and leave the room, enraged.
she laughs it off but after the fact she will definitely cling to me like in a movie theater and we're generally much more intimate.
for my project i need very specific and expensive software that is only available in the campus library and a media room.
brooks brothers unveils new line of monogramed cum rags
full-time mom drunk on the job
family embarrassed by way son died
at an event last week, which miriam was not attending, i spoke up something like "miriam needs to take a break, handle whatever's distracting her from work, and come back when she can do her job well." this was not received very well by others.
any help is greatly appreciated thanks in advanced.
report: nation thinking about big, warm piece of cinnamon coffee cake right now
i have an event tonight that i need a black button down shirt for.
aita for going over my doctor's head to get a temporary disabled parking permit?
aita for being uncomfortable with my fiancé allowing her nude photos posted online?
beginnin: i left for the army in early january, and while i was gone my older brother's gf "jane" moved into my room due to the abusive and drama of her living with her step-father and mother.
tldr: my husband agreed to have sex with me everyday for a month as my birthday gift.
my therapists were proud of me for being proactive and handling things, but with m’s scolding and b’s growing ridiculous commands i feel that contradicted.
i said everything i felt, telling him his family rightfully hates him and that he'll never be anything and basically there's a reason nobody likes him.
ruth bader ginsburg debating whether to cancel winter vacation climbing k2
nation confused after james comey dedicates entire memoir to in-depth retelling of martha stewart insider trading controversy
i want to be able to sleep through the night since i’m up late and have to work in the morning but my wife expects me to wake up every 2-3 hours and help with feedings and stuff while she pumps to try to get met milk in.
i was upset at being reprimanded for a misunderstanding that seemed unavoidable.
detective trying to get into mind of litterer
i dont usually bring up my partner of 4 years (25m) in conversation unless im trying to gtfo or if they prompt me.
i called a friend’s wife who has an esa because i wanted to sympathize with the girl rather than think i was being played.
amazon fires warehouse worker who took unauthorized breath
he eventually found out and i told him a pretty blatant lie about how i was keeping the pictures on my phone to make a meme.
i've been able to drive since valentine's day, this year.
fashion industry declares hottest spring look is upbeat attitude
area man would have done things differently if he were killer in movie
college roommates surprised to find dorm room has one king-size bed
'better homes & gardens' puts first plus-sized succulent on september cover
the adverts and trailers start but the teenagers are still talking, i didn't think anything of it because i was talking to my wife as well at this time.
i told her that she was free to call tommy if she wanted.
i guess for me, i dont see how having a handgun is any less dangerous then a rifle in the house.
carbon-monoxide detector with snooze button recalled
redford to re-digitize ordinary people, improve space battle
(context - discussing more personal details of the split) &#x200b; &#x200b; her: a lot of people know &#x200b; &#x200b; her: also some people from your guild whispered &#x200b; &#x200b; me: proof?
i get a picture of his license plate and car in case he decided to take retribution out on my vehicle.
i immediately tried to comfort her and insisted it was my fault for holding onto feelings that i should've let go.
further today i see her in the corridor, and go back to texting on my phone.
townsperson in online rpg universe figures shield, gold pieces should be safe in barrel
afterwards, i paid for it but i didn't leave a tip.
am i the asshole for taking this personally or at least for calling her out on it?
wwbta for asking her to pay 70 more for the nicer dress?
it upset me so much i didn’t feel i could rationally respond without losing my cool.
background: i can't give much detail because our unique situation may give me away to friends who are on here.
i'd be happy to talk to you about it in class tomorrow.
preface: i love my boyfriend dearly and this is something we have talked about already.
he does a lot of therapy, but nothing ever seems to work.
my gf said she wasn't hungry and didn't order anything during the meal and just had a cappuccino and some of my home fries, but we all split the meal four ways anyway because that's how it is with these friends.
exhausted florida resident returns home after weathering harrowing week with family out of state
i have told myself to be as honest as possible with all of my friends whenever i can be so i took this opportunity to tell her what some of the others co-workers have said behind her back.
we have jobs and school during the week so when we hang out on the weekends, its to relax with each other.
if she had told me she was to high to have sex, i would not have touched her!
tiny enough and all of a sudden they no longer minded it.
i didn’t say anything to any because i feel like an asshole.
now she could have been stretching sideways but no, she had to bend in front of me and show me her butt.
i was kinda -very- disgusted and was astounded that she had done that.
haunted tape dispenser unsure how to demonstrate hauntedness
new epa chief proposes 30% cut in all carbon-based organisms
aita for having a dog that barks a lot at other dogs this is my first post, and it's on mobile, so sorry for any mistakes and stuff!
brutal gang rape gives screenplay more 'punch'
i've had a falling out with my fwb.
at lunch he pulled out a large (what i thought) roasted rat for lunch.
i understand if it's time sensitive or important but i dont appreciate her just talking to other people.
we patched things up later that night but the bed issue remains unresolved...
her best friend is turning 31 on march 22nd and she’s having a lingerie pajama party.
i try to convince her nicely saying that everyone else is there and that we're waiting.
what do you think and where to from here?
beanie baby collection stares at owner with 226 cold, dead eyes
somehow him going so often and getting so much done so fast is getting me mad.
thank you so much” i was surprised at the situation.
i don't really know if he's shy or not because he just doesn't show any particular behaviour that would make me say "oh yeah he is this/that".
i asked my mom (politely) to ask them for receipts to get them returned so i could buy something else and my mom all of a sudden lost it.
i have been helping my other family (parents & brothers) with a mortgage for some years, but also with additional money when they needed.
unemployed, miserable man still remembers teacher who first made him fall in love with writing
it was a super like for me because he was cute and funny and didn't take himself to seriously.
don’t know about the flavor, but yeah, the whole texture and shape of it… now i’ve always given my brother a hard time about his veganism.
investors remind mark zuckerberg he can't fuck with them like the simpering cowards in congress
at some point i decided to cut off the friendship because 1.
gay conversion therapists claim most patients fully straight by the time they commit suicide
and she said it was perfectly fine, she didn't minded about it and she just wanted me to find another girl to love in order to be happy.
calm sense of impending violence returns to middle east as ceasefire brokered
both my friend and i were quite angry about that.
hang-glider gang terrorizes elderly hot-air-ballooning couple
applebee's steak sent back for not being properly slathered
helicopter ride pretty much delivers the goods
well she deleted a few message.
they'd find it anyways, and i cannot believe he did that.
occasionally though i will be reminded of something he did and it’ll fuck up my whole day.
i talked to the guard for a while and eventually convinced him to stay as long as i was supervising him.
about two weeks after he told me, i broke up with him over text.
steve vai impresses the hell out of neighborhood kids
she got very pissed about this, claimed i was impersonating her, and tried to turn all my friends against me.
pentagon allocates $600,000 for actual gun used in 'scarface'
after he used all of my cash to buy a bunch of strangers a round of drinks, wandered off multiple times, lost his credit card to an atm when trying to get money out and generally being a bit of trouble i decided it was time to go home and retire the night at 5am.
art major to stop capitalizing name
i'd be willing to take a few days off my job each time she'd have a procedure.
as it was not interpreted as that, i was hoping you could clarify my mistake” etc.) and they responded well.
sleeping man flanked by laptop, phone, earbuds like egyptian pharaoh buried with all his treasures
**present day - the largely happy times but currently (and hopefully temporarily) unhappy times** yeah boys there's a present day.
study: all of your memories implanted in you 5 minutes ago when universe was created
his brother wants to keep the house.
so my sister texts me telling me that they've arrived and are parked near an elementary school across from store 1.
jumping up and down from shelves, stepping on my crotch, kneading my leg with its paws and most importantly *claws*, yowling outside the bedroom door whenever i spend the night.
3.) you're probably unworthy of their daughter and they just don't like you.
the bus driver looks at me, i’m literally done with the pretzels by now though.
inconsiderate woman on bus eating live tuna
she told me that she initially planned on buying me a game that i wanted, but she didn't since she is planning on giving me one when i graduate, and thought that two videogames were too unoriginal (!!!).
he has, at times, agreed that he wants to be friends, and at other times been very upset and said he never wants to see me again (understandable).
i feel like i know the truth now and its just hard that i can't tell all this to mutual friend because i don't want to spread around what i read.
trump gives muslim on fence about radicalizing just the push he needed
economists warn new graduates may have to tough it out for 5 to 6 weeks before landing dream job
that's cool and it's your choice who you want to be around.
slug just taking it easy today
unfortunately i forgot to take a screenshot so i don’t have the proof :/ edit- yeah i agree with the consensus.
she kept gaining and now her body shape is totally different and im not into it, shes heavy enough that i get a gust of wind when she sits on the couch and shes always out of breath when she eats.
f: jesus christ dude chill tf out.
man flirting with girl at party can't wait to be informed she has boyfriend
i’m just worried i’ll grow to resent him because i won’t be attracted enough to him to go through with sex whenever he decides he wants it.
valiant fact-checkers once again save american political system from descending into corruption
we didn’t have sex right there and then, but we met the next week and had sex.
apartment set up to create illusion of well-rounded life
i guess if the impossible happens and i chance upon the cat again, i will walk a different path.
new employee confused by office espresso machine just returns to desk with mug of hot water
krispy kreme doughnuts described to sioux city relatives
mike gravel can't believe his polling numbers neck-and-neck with fucking nobody like wayne messam
i woke up at 3am with my phone missing, work laptop, engagement ring, and other valuables.
long story short my ex and i had a less than amicable break up, and she continued to bother me until finally i told her to stay out of my life and that i never want to talk to her again.
last week i was going on a plane ride and i needed to call an uber.
this morning i walked right into the principals office and demanded to know why they were giving my daughter condoms in sex ed (as well as why they’re teaching her about oral and anal sex other more advanced topics that are age inappropriate).
new study finds blacks more likely
my father was a provider to a family of three kids, my mother never had to work.
one time our english teacher (whom i liked, since english was my favourite subject) got pretty upset with him and his response was to discuss how english should be removed from the curriculum at lunch.
&#x200b; the rest of the week, he and i hung out every night.
she said no she wants to talk now because i should since i went out and had fun all day that i did not get tired etc...i ignored her and asked her to turn her back to spooning so we can just go to bed.
my mom has seldom hesitated to ask for concessions on account of her health problems.
last week i found through a friend and with the help of social media that the 2 are trying a ldr again.
he claims i did it to break up friendships but i feel that if he didn't want to play he could of went on and told them his reasoning and not get me involved.
aita for taking a picture of a man on the train?
captain kirk's life flashes before dying trekkie's eyes
we all have a good time at the show but a few days later i was third wheeling michael and sally and he offhandedly mentions that he bought sally's ticket from william.
if he's 100% gay then he was never into lola the way she was with him.
fda cancels bacon recall after finding u.s. population already ate it all
last class of the day i was working with g on a project in a quiet room when i broke him the news.
they were very supportive and said that it was completely fine that i didn't want to use contraception because it was already unlikely that i would get pregnant naturally.
i know that if i asked, they would both sit and hear me out.
she spends the day with him, he fights sleep but will usually nap for an hour or two at a time.
he said he loved me within a month.
i suggested smiling more and sending me photos and texts of her doing happy things.
new aphasia study finds empty fullness brokered yellow ideas happily
i bought ear plugs, but it got worse.
aita for being annoyed at my girlfriend for wanting to visit & stay with a male friend who's dad just died?
i poured my heart and soul into making this team work out, and i just feel now like that was so pointless.
and if you have to cheat to pass in your major, then you're in the wrong major (and probably shouldn't even be in college).
i forgot that this was during the uk summer holidays and school was off.
i said something to him at this point and that he needs to cut it down to 2/3 days a week max (the same amount of time my gf comes round).
she said, "oh, i have social anxiety, too!
the post is rather long, so please bear with me.
man knows he can always fall back on really terrible job that pays shit
get home and about half an hour later i get a text from her that reads "hey!
i called her back because i missed her call and had no clue what was up/could be wrong.
the sitter comes in the room and was like omg did she bite you?!
from what my parents tell me--as i was too young to remember at the time--disney has really stepped up their game as far as making things quick and accessible for their guests to enjoy the parks and resorts.
hillary clinton inspires young girls to form presidential exploratory committees
please fully consider the possibility that i am an asshole, i want brutality honest answers here.
i'm also getting a paternity test just to be 100% sure.
so, the situation is my friend and i are also gym buddies.
was during our first official date, but we had seen each other several times before then.
she mentioned that the clerk was extremely rude to her and treated her as though she was an inconvenience for trying to shower there.
i feel the extra burden of paying the credits is alot specially if i am to have no job while studying and may not even have a well paying job this coming summer.
could me venting to people have been taken as talking behind people's backs?
aita for not pulling forward in a drivethru?
i said that subjects such as the holocaust or 9/11 *can* be funny, regardless of what we think of it at face-value.
she told me nothing will happen.
we agreed to have a meeting with the roommates after thanksgiving break, and they promised to make sure i wouldn’t be bulldozed in my meeting.
were you looking at my wife" so i told him "trust me, nobody is looking at your wife" and they just said some shit and walked away.
and the worst part they are still talking with her and they just hate me.
i've ignored his texts and i don't plan on talking or hanging out with him again.
u.s. to slow down relationship with uruguay
wibta if i refused to play translator for a holiday i'm taking with friends?
dad's been on a parenting kick lately
&#x200b; if they do seem like legit non frauds who showed me their i.d and answered all my questions about their struggle story genuinely, i was also thinking to make them do something small for me to further test if their willing to work for my help.
she ends up not going and i ruined christmas for her apparently but getting upset that she wanted to go over there.
trump wakes up covered in dozens of small cuts after being chased through dreams by razor-blade-fingered robert mueller
i recognize that i really fucked up here, and i'm taking a step back from the whole open thing to reevaluate what's best for my wife and child moving forward.
this led to an argument at the event.
i was a year older than the others, including a, so it was pretty hard to keep regular contact while going to different schools, as much as we tried.
he also works the night shift so that he can pick me up from school, so he’s always sleeping in the living room after we go home.
tldr: friend **w** said he would give friend **m**'s gf a free concert ticket since she had the wrong one.
now "l" has been interested in a mutual friend of ours, "j", for a couple of weeks, but he's not really into her and just wants to chill and be single for a bit as he just got out of a pretty complicated situation with his ex.
they’re loaded.) to have dinner at theirs for the first time.
secondly, i knew my so would say no because he doesnt like kids.
'what about that whole birth certificate thing?' romney suggests to staff
mouse guard isn't really designed for bombastic combat.
i've only ever done this to my sisters father, but now it's been almost 4 years and i cant remember the last time i even aknowleged my sister, who i see every day.
i feel no sadness, no joy, no anger, no emotions at all when i think about it.
guy looking to feel horrible about aspect of everyday life decides to watch documentary
she says it’s unpleasant even with lube.
my friends and i have a whatsapp group as we’re spread around the country and use it as a convenient way to keep up with each other and general banter.
we were supposed to be moving into our own flat together he came up with all his stuff and moved in tho after a week i told him i didn't love him and didn't want to be with him any more.
he told me that he "made mistakes" and that he'll treat her better.
gop leaders assure sobbing rubio it not his fault party splitting up
when she moved back to her home country (which is really far away).
queen elizabeth hides out in bushes to catch whoever keeps stealing packages from buckingham palace porch
chris christie emits loud sob as paul ryan asks crowd whether they worse off now than they were 4 years ago
they just say well they aren't that way for me and says i should compromise and not need apologies but..
uncle strikes out hard with book gift
then this other group of girls (i know there are a lot of girls in this story.
historical archives: iroquois inſurgency quelled by gov't.!
i said well, and then told her about what happened to me.
i know he loves me, he’s my dad, i don’t need confirmation every single day.
but i felt bad - because my gf didn't do anything wrong.
barbara bush passes away surrounded by loved ones, jeb
its like losing that sweater they last wore and getting a new one that looks sorta like it and thinking it's going to mean the same.
during our chats she made clear however that i'm a good friend of her and that her feeling are platonic.
apparently this is when manipulative sociopaths try to make people doubt their sanity by telling them false things happened, or by telling them true things didnt happen, correct?
i know i'm asshole for not spending more time at night with her.
ok so this lecturer basically groomed me over the course of a year which led to sex and it kind of messed me up.
half an hour, after getting dinner, i see my dog again in the side yard by himself with my sister at the front door.
my girlfriend has a huge familiy.
now things are all good, we are having fun and are both intoxicated by british standards (which is like 5 times the socially acceptable amount for americans), and then one of her friends gives me a nudge and says /u/viralmelon go over there she is being harassed.
&#x200b; so am i the asshole for thinking that after working form home for a full week with no context and no job progress and then ghosting us for most of the second means that she should be fired?
just as you told me when thingy happened...
i have tried memorizing, but i'm finding no logic chain that i can follow in the text and i eventually get bored/distracted/annoyed and drop it.
tsa agents to now simply stand at checkpoints and remind passengers that we all die someday
tl;dr: autistic cousin "wants" to hang out with us, we say no, his mom says we need to take him, we decide not to because it seems that she's more upset with it then we are.
i’m a grad student in a master of public health program.
i don't see how i could have possibly taken what she said in any different way other than at face value.
i have another opportunity tomorrow and know it wont happen, again.
then dude a says “i can love a girl who does things like that.” i was like yes!!
nutritionists recommend increasing intake of whatever will earn you free t-shirt from restaurant
i text a few friends and they all agree that i need to talk to them so i start formulating what i want to say to them.
well i obviously left and finished the project and went back to class the fix and turn in process taking around 5-7 minutes at most.
report: consumer confidence in amorphous, indefinable idea of economy highest since 2006
one day, she just sent me a message to tell me not to compliment her ever again, or anything approaching.
nation's uncles enter last stage of prep for thursday's thanksgiving debates
they all seemed so nice, and that's got me worried that i've got to be the asshole.
i don’t want to pay child support but i’m willing as i definitely am not willing to take care of the child.
i want her to be there, but i think that giving her a sort of ultimatum would give her time to contemplate.
i assume a guy, one of her male friends is an alcoholic and i've always been suspicious of him.
seeing his dad and brother really helped him.
sony releases new earbud detangling spray
i asked her how long they looked for the bike and she replied with: 'idk, my mom looked for it.' it's now another day later and they're still pissed at us.
while, yes i did take it upon myself to find his instagram, i was also not aware of its existence until another student mentioned it existed.
we live in a two bedroom apartment and i feel like it takes up the whole wall of our living room!
trump delivers anecdote about small business owner who isn't half the man he is
in a group chat, i made fun of her, by changing my nickname to one she uses, and pretending to obsess over j.
instead of ending the relationship, i made the regrettable decision to go on dates without my ex knowing, to see if i had the potential to have a better relationship.
alex delarge forced to step down as leader of droogs amidst allegations of sexual misconduct
it's open in the profile page and i'm upset.
she took the kids for a walk.
i would only be able to take half of the projected lessons.
where she lives it's about 3 hours from me.
this happened in our senior year of high school but it's basically ongoing.
georgia governor signs bill outlawing abortion except for single 30-second window on third day of fourth week of pregnancy
it has affected me greatly and i now have trust issues and anxiety and depression.
i’d never really questioned whether i was straight or not til this crush so it really threw me.
he is not my mother’s child, only my father’s.
aita for not buying christmas gifts?
he used to react to things and anymore i just feel like i’m in a relationship with a zombie.
the same thing applies to the snow shoveling, if i had known everyone was chipping in that day, i would have also done it (but i had overslept that day, so maybe the same thing would have happened).
anyway, the next day my mother asked if i had learned to speak cantonese too, which i told her i hadn't, that he had gone and done this by himself and i still suck.
something which wouldn't take me all of 7 minutes max.
but physically, i'm just not really into it.
god realizes he forgot to put souls in humans
i apologize in advance if it's a bit rambly, i'm not sure how to order this.
they asked if i wanted to try out for other teams.
and when possible i maneuver to a position that doesn’t allow me to move over when the police have someone pulled over ...
and yet my parents aren’t happy and saying i’ve been a horrible for doing this.
tl;dr - so works a labor heavy job and often uses his pto to sleep in, even after having a weekend off.
as soon as the pencil was in my hands, a friend (described by my aunt as a “knucklehead”) next to me said he didn’t have a pencil either.
i was so done that i just agreed.
tl:dr: fiancee was a birth mother to baby 13 years ago, her dad's side of the family doesn't know, but she wants her daughter in the wedding (since they have a good open adoption).
new poll finds death of spouse most liberating experience in life
we’ve never had any romantic involvement with each other and we’re solidly in a “love you like a sibling” type friendship.
aita for not having the house clean when my wife got home?
i wanted him to prove that he was becoming a better person but i would catch him in small lies all the time.
mcdonald's announces new spearmint after-dinner big mac
tl;dr: ghosted a person after they started acting clingy and weird.
i'm on holiday in portland oregon by myself for 4 weeks to see my cousins.
bumper nilla crop spells profit for wafer growers
now that's what i call shitty music 8 tops album charts
with regard to 3), i know she's wrong about this, as i've gone back through our calendar for 2018 and counted the days.
can it just be considered fun?
he refuses to take it out and i just explode at the top of my lungs, "take it out!!" i was actually a bit shocked about how loud i was.
if it looked like violence would have been brought down upon her, i would have picked her back up.
let me know that you have received this.
i just wanted to see him because i barely saw him all day as we both had a pretty busy day.
senile senator allowed to believe he solved immigration crisis
but as soon as i opened the door, i was hit with a blast of music and drunken laughter.
ketchup crust on heinz bottle cap still dreams of one day getting onto hot dog
guinea pig returned for store credit
we’re both girls in this story.
how should i approach the conversation of giving my gift card back in the first place?
i didnt get a response so for damage control i typed "lol".
she is very enthusiastic to put it mildly, and she also expects me to be as enthusiastic when i give her oral sex which i also dont like that much but i do it to make her happy.
local household announces plans to overdo halloween again
'we will never speak of this again,' says trump to mohammed bin salman as they dump khashoggi's body into new jersey river
i did not to complain or confront her, although i was visibly saddened (i am bad at covering).
i’m a devoted catholic, and when she was 12, she refused to go to church and told us she didn’t believe in god.
anthropologists unearth possible missing link between a- and b-list celebrities
of course it can be said i am so viciously pretentious, conceited, and arrogant that i have a god complex and i am consumed by attention seeking narcissism, but on this website that would be like saying that i breathe oxygen.
lemur fantasizes about ripping face off next dumbshit who calls it a monkey
i have to mention that my parents completely funded my entire college expenses including monthly allowances.
man to continue slowly drifting into middle of restaurant until host redirects him
so i get my hate and vindictive is coming from that, thank you for the responses and different perspective for me to see.
41, m, san jose, ca about 3 months ago, i loaned an old lawn mower of mine to my neighbor.
on top of that my friends would abandon me too.
so now that i think about it, aita?
the workshops are for high school students and are about two hours each, and i have to create problem sets with full solutions, in addition to designing \~3 hours of lectures --- i've been working nonstop on this for two weeks and i'm still not done.
basically , me and chell were friends since kindergarden and up until now we never had any arguments or troubles between us.
offended customer's huffy walkout goes unnoticed
am i the asshole for not wanting to get burned again?
i’m very interested what you guys, outsiders in the matter, think about this, and very much appreciate you taking the time to read this and tell me your thoughts.
&#x200b; i know i'll have to apologize for hanging up on her, but am i the asshole for being pissed at her (imo misplaced) generosity?
casinos getting people to play longer by telling them rest of civilization destroyed
i told her “do you have to speak like that?
none of them really wanted to be his friend after school anyway which is nobody spoke to him after he found out about his ex and i.
i'm just confused over it all.
because of this, i knew her name on facebook.
trump complains about overly complicated controls needed to operate modern-day doors
so reddit, aita for using the artwork without permission and for being petty and removing it?
right now, i want to go back to the noodle gimp and properly explain why i feel that that what she did was incredibly shitty because i don't feel like i covered it properly last time, and i want to go to fishfan420 and ask him why the hell he couldn't put in that kind of effort for me.
chelsea clinton: 'my mother will shape this country into a strong, independent young woman'
'he made the ultimate sacrifice,' trump tells military widow about scooby-doo putting up with scrappy-doo
i also remembered that she shared what i said to our coworkers over lunch.
if i pay so much for this spot, a dickhead should not try and sneak in here for free.
i was staying at my parents' home and he had signed a lease to an apartment near the college, which was where i was doing my summer internship.
now up until this point, i have been trying to get in contact with my dad so i can plan this little mini-holiday and how everything will work from registering the car to discussing and fixing all the problems with the car (its an old car).
that’s when they cryptic messages started, i suspected he might do something drastic so i began forwarding certain texts to his dad.
rigorous battery of tests unable to determine if roommate broke up with girlfriend
aita for almost hitting a lady in the crosswalk who wasn't obeying the crossing guard?
there's a real treacherous road near my house that runs along the side of a canyon.
aita for missing my girlfriend's (now ex girlfriend) birthday party i am an engineer a couple of weeks ago i did some improvements on performance of our server which is good but it also crashed other modules.
got like a $25 tip on a $50 order.
i got angry and told him he had no idea what it's like running around all day taking care of the kids.
in retrospect, i should have said "cannot", but i figured my lack of sleep is less important than his graduation.
his grandpa had just died and i said something awful about him.
today i decided to donate the money i was going to spend on his college to charity, tesla to be specific, and he called me a "greedy dirtbag" (again paraphrasing).
lazy poor person has never earned passive income from stock dividends a day in his life
but the weirdest part was that she still would pretend like it never happened.
aita for kicking a guy out of my business?
baby-faced, muscular jimmy carter tells democratic convention the future of medicine is bright
we have been together for almost 7 months.
ralph northam admits he once engaged in pedophilia as part of michael jackson costume
(she's 24 and i'm 20, dunno if it matters) after the 2nd time we slept together, she told me she'd been in a relationship for 7 years, and was going to spend christmas and new year with her bf on another town.
ss is was raised in the backwoods until age 14 and spent the next 12 years in prison.
so, now that that has been established.
edit 2: first off, i appreciate everyone’s supportive and candid responses.
her heart was in the right place, but she doesn't know what i'd want like my friends do.
the team nevertheless went ahead and recruited someone else to handle that role, which was fine since i wasn't that good at it yet.
she refuses, calls me a pig and a sexist, and cuts the phone.
i thought i was doing the right thing, but after i told a friend about it he was really concerned.
his texts seemed quite passive aggressive.
now, my girlfriend of almost a year is a great, wonderful person.
man happy to set up job interview for fraternity brother he once forced to drink own piss
he completely complied and he now doesn't play any of the super time consuming games and plays games such as enter the gungeon (really good game btw), pubg, etc.
whenever he invites anyone else along with me, i find myself talking to them more.
my colleague tells me kate's dog had died.
nation still outraged 1933 best picture went to 'cavalcade' instead of 'lady for a day'
i wish that we could keep it simple, but...
i honestly don't think i need to inform him on everything considering i'm not his mother.
isis starting to worry new recruit huge psycho
fuming rachel maddow spends entire show just pointing wildly at picture of putin
bit of a tomboy interest wise, yet feminine.
me and my buddy have appologized to each other but i kinda doubt this friendship will survive.
she asked how much they owed and i told them the exact amount i loaned them.
there is sound reason that the legal system separates the abused from their abusers.
but she’s so god damned boring.
i had one credit left; being the broke college kid that i am, i was going to spend my final credit and cancel the service.
fist-pumping jared kushner leaves jerusalem embassy refreshed and ready to solve next global crisis
the next day, i nearly die from an allergic reaction and she tells people that i deserved it for what i did to her.
ultimately, i'm not my boyfriend's child and he is under no obligation to want to have a partner he has to take care of.
this isn't me trying to be sneaky or even taking a hard stance on not getting the vaccines.
i explained that “why not” is because i explicitly asked the first group chat not to add m to the new one, and yet they did it anyways.
hope fades for survivors in 1999 turkish earthquake
i understand they want more from me, but shouldn't it be okay that i simply can't give them that and that it's not what i want for myself?
i just feel like she blew.a small joke way out of proportion and took it way to personally.
i sent them a text the other day saying sorry etc.
big ben set 15 minutes ahead to give london a little extra time in the morning
also, i think that it's important that they understand the severity of the situation and feel comfortable seeking help outside of the family.
i was just trying to do her a favour and i think her baby will appreciate me telling her too..
aita for reacting hostile to my friends.
and most likely taking their want for a thank you as more of a personal attack since i don't get along with them well because of the way they treat my mom and aunts.
at a new year's eve party (that she didn't attend), our mutual friend who has very good contact with her told me that she started seeing her ex.
sending random stuff, talking about work, school,..., sometimes randomly flirting with eachother etc.
he argued that i shouldn’t have gone in case it was a dangerous situation and because it’s straight up inappropriate to go to my ex boyfriend’s house at late hours in the night.
i felt like it got thrown back in my face.
you know, too much of a hassle.
i tell myself i insist because i want to see them happy, but they've told me so many times i'm wrong that i just feel like i'm the asshole in the story.
roommates still don't know each other well enough to not speak
i got to the bar and ordered 9 or 10 shots before she got there to loosen up a bit (i tend to say inappropriate things on dates when i’m sober due to being nervous).
also i want to get her a puppy for xmas but she insists she wants a few months to grieve.
he just came from some game convention thing with his friends that i didn’t even ask to go to (for one thing, idc about games) i know people need time with their friends.
i had never felt that toward her before in my life.
i've been trying to put myself back on the right track by biking and transporting myself to work during the break without any help from my parents, not going on vacations voluntarily to stay at home and work and take care of my dog, so i could learn to mature, but that failed and i'm back on my self destructive path.
aita if i didn’t break up with my girlfriend due to lack of sex because of the money she makes?
libyan rebels still working full-time at other jobs
tv viewers outraged at timing of commercial break
phil spector joins jennifer hudson to present 'best new artist' grammy
it took a post on justnofamily to realize just how much i'd let my mother's opinions shape my own, and it's been a process freeing myself from them and forming my own genuine ones.
thursday night we are texting and she asks me if it was a date.
recently however, i've felt like i'm the only one starting and maintaining the conversation.
south carolina refuses to remove confederate flag from capitol trailer
archaeologists unearth ancient clay pot shards from dwelling of earliest known klutz
i get a 2 week suspension for racial insensitivity and cyberbullying.
pope francis concerned about infection from holy spirit bite
she doesn’t send nudes presumably because she doesn’t trust me (i know she has before).
i also asked for my stuff back from my ex, and she said he would give it to a mutual friend (still haven't gotten it back).
she verbally abused me not only as a child but as an adult when i accidentally burnt her shed down (different story) anyway, after her husband passed 9 years ago she’s been even more of a bitch, demanding to live with me and my wife etc because she’s lonely and finds it hard to live on her own with dementia ( parents are way out the picture, once again, that’s a long story) .
not long after joining, because the team was in desperate need of more people who played a particular role, i started learning it.
staffer investigating puddle of slime on floor looks up to discover coworker cocooned in bannon ooze
their mom is really messed up, addicted to drugs now and on the brink of death basically due to her addictions.
we argued about how staying that late at some guys house was disrespectful to our relationship.
field-trip mishap fulfills child's wish to be oscar mayer wiener
essentially her breasts were much smaller than i though and she had a much heftier body all around.
he had gotten them when they were puppies and had them for seven years.
i (22m) have been dating my girl (22f) for a while now.
i know a lot about the subject and i know what she needs to do to at least lose some of the weight.
college football scout has eye on high-school cheerleader
congressman torn between meaningless pledge to anti-tax zealot, well-being of nation
aita for not asking my boyfriend first?
there was one time where i stayed 15 minutes longer where i talked with two students, and he was accusing me of cheating there.
to preface, i am not black, however i grew up around black people that used the n word in the current re appropriated way.
doll real estate agent glosses over giant hinged opening in middle of house
she quits her job and is ordering custom made shit from amazo while unemployed.
also how should i tell him i don't want to talk to him anymore.
i ask politely in return why he wants to sit here.
it's really an incredible feeling, and it has helped me overcome my schizoaffective disorder without the need for more artificial medicines.
friend really laying into self for failing to reply to email sooner
marine biologists reveal that majority of world's oceans remain boring as shit
we were only there for about an hour and it was packed and really hot.
the jock thinks he’s some sort of musical genius because he uploads rap songs to his soundcloud, and when my friend follow him, he did the exact thing you aren’t supposed to do.
yesterday though, i told a friend of mine about this, and he was shocked, telling me i'm trying to ruin their perfect relationship and no good will come from this, telling me i'm a huge awhile for trying this, but i know it's the best for both of us.
he got very angry, and blocked me after i told him to quit it and just submit what we had for partial marks.
i humored her until she came out with something along the lines of "i feel like i've lost a child".
aita for leaving the drunk, under 21, girl on the curb of the er.
i don’t know what to do or if i’m being irrational so i need some help and outside opinions.
surpassing her, every time she tried to speak something factual, i would correct it, and the thing is, it was super easy, she's not the brightest so almost everything she said would have a bottom line or different answer.
he comes back to the us every couple of months and then goes back to the philippines for another couple of months.
about 6 months later and we still haven’t said a word to each other.
i live in a large apartment complex in tucson, i'm guessing probably 100 units or so.
like they are not hiding anything!
out of nowhere, her friend puts a drop of something on her hand, and she asks me if i want to try acid.
(i’m sorry for this comment but cmon man your dick isn’t 15 inches long it doesn’t just escape the underwear pocket on command) anyways, we went out to eat after work the other night (he is a mailman that touches mail from god knows where) and he stopped at the restroom before we were seated.
&#x200b; so my other friend jeff says "my mom can pick us both up" (jeff was also carpooling with jack) so that is taken care off and he doesnt have to call an expensive taxi.
gold bracelet picked up at pharmacy
we decided where to eat but not where to go after.
aita for wanting my my flatmate to have his girlfriend round less?
she benefits from me by living in a 3 bedroom 1 office and a guest house, home.
win a $10,000 mall of america dream shooting spree!
'vogue' assistant photo editor tasked with airbrushing out all of amy adams' swastika tattoos
i told her that i can't get in the car with her because i feel like she hasn't earned it.
ultimately this will probably hurt her grade.
what is going to happen is that as soon as she feels comfortable letting what happened go, if she does, we are going to try to fix the broken friendships.
you can tell area bank used to be a pizza hut
i personally do not feel these situations were one-to-one.
mets earmark $53 million for pitching relief
the situation: i went bridesmaid shopping with bride to be/her maid of honor today.
indianapolis sports reporter pours his little heart out in peyton manning retirement column
aita for telling a friend about another friend’s idea?
middle east crisis traced to trouble-making genie
again, i know i'm the asshole for cheating.
comics not just for kids anymore, reports 85,000th mainstream news story
plenty of my friends are like that.
she runs inside crying and runs straight into her room.
i only know about him being gay because he opened up to me while under the influence, and told me “to never mention it again” when he sobered up.
new 'steak & onion' potato chips taste disturbingly like steak and onions
rolling stones: is there humor to be found in their age?
nation confident team usa can participate in world cup
i was angry because they were saying my mom was not teaching me and my sister and they have always seemed more controlling than caring.
town uglification committee approves new pile of garbage bags
aita for being upset that my fiancee is getting drunk tonight?
- call support and explain that these people used to be my friends and we did this all the time, and they just baited me for a report out of context.
shes crying, i try to explain that i would never hurt her or anyone else who wasnt threatening me, that i love her so, so much.
but i think it's also because i do have some repressed assholery inside of me for real, or else i wouldn't be able to pull the style off so naturally and convincingly in game.
i didn't broke up with my boyfriend because of my fuckfriend, he was only the trigger.
but, i want to treat her and so i took her to a car dealership and showed her a 2018 car that i wanted to purchase for her, she said that she appreciates the offer but really doesn't want me to buy her a car.
entire room mentally shaving man's facial hair
chili's introduces savory new 200-times-baked potatoes
this means she works directly with several species of very dangerous animals.
aita for sending the witnesses to my buddies house.
i broke his trust of me snooping but at the same time he was using to to see if i could cheat.
this was unthinkable to someone like me who, like many students in our affluent community, have spent the past four years under pressure to do all we can to get into a top university.
edit 2: this happens often enough to be an issue because i live in a city, and also because my city has a big issue with homelessness due to liberal policies.
i will say there's more context and history than what's in my post as to how they treat me, but nonetheless you all make really good points and i appreciate your candid responses.
crytek, the developers of the crysis series, have been working on a new game called hunt: showdown.
khashoggi assassin hopes bonus check from saudi crown prince clears before execution
dead facebook friend from high school still has cartman profile picture
i have found out this company is manufactured in a province of china that uses child labour.
i was extremely cold and was actually shivering.
man in rental car spends 20 minutes trying to find steering wheel
so am i the asshole for half jokingly telling my boyfriends friends that i cam?
aita for responding the way i did to this guy?
&#x200b; last week one of my friends past away very suddenly.
my voice is generally speaking level for a typical person when playing the game, as my normal voice is soft.
report: average american worker replaced within 10 minutes of taking vacation
local hamburger to star in national ad
edit 1: reading everyone’s comments i came to the conclusion i am the asshole for doing something my wife is not a fan of.
i’m not good with helping crying people (makes me uncomfortable) and 2.
the smaller one bounced up to the button and pressed it excitedly, and after a moment said "i don't smell anything." in a true moment of (what i consider genius), i told him "its not a very strong smell, press it again and sniff real hard".
she generally tells me everything i do in life is wrong..
to be clear, every single time he or anyone else takes a call in my car, i turn off the music and turn it on once they are off the phone.
u.s. military defends controversial decision to test kilauea volcano on hawaiian civilians
comments mysteriously disabled on youtube video of sparrow in yard
i did tell her that she could have refused, and that i was misled by the whole "light drinking" alibi.
i was like ok so she has someone supervising her, thats good.
i had a discussion weeks ago on facebook that led to me obsessing for days because people saw me as a bad person.
bar owner considering sept. 11 options
woody harrelson spends two hours drawing marijuana leaf on binder
flustered mathematician unable to recommend good number
report: middle east quickly running out of land area for violence to spill over to
new babysitter can already tell this kind of kid who gets naked for no reason
aita for never telling my wife i cheated on her?
at this point, i lost my cool and made them both leave.
history channel admits to profiting from nazi documentaries
urban planner clearly depressed when she came up with street names
he thinks this is no nbd, so i called him useless and now he’s pissed.
no way old man in park not thinking about dead wife
she'll need a sitter, what, for an hour?
report: high school marching band definitely in shape of something
10-20 minutes maybe?” so we get there and it turns out they are getting hour long massages.
study finds having it all leading indicator that everything will come crashing down
aita for getting annoyed at my so for not wanting to try scary films?
i since got into the relationship i mentioned before.
i would never use manipulation tactics like that.
goose suddenly realizes it doesn't have to honk like an idiot entire time it's flapping wings
the plan was that tom would move into my room, and the boyfriend (matt) of the girl in the other room (stacey) would move in as well.
i've been shopping for a while and i finally showed him what i bought for them.
cast of 60 minutes suffers collective stroke
tall, huge hands, big neck, and overweight.
meteorologists say upcoming hurricane season to be permanent
my sister and i both still live with my mom, she's turning 20 soon and i'm 18.
i think she technically still owns the place, but some corporate entity is overseeing it.
he kept his distance as they growled and said that he would want to introduce our dogs sometime.
my friends and i never see best friend and we don’t really care for the girl.
it's just a week in mexico city.
whenever i go to hang out with him, it feels like i just end up entertaining him rather than having fun myself.
i was honest and told her what happened.
donna brazile says hillary rodham clinton high palace of the solar order was almost like a cult
i sent her the recipe and said "why do you have pictures of your pussy on the ipad?" i knew that she was sending them to the other guy.
but i found myself way less attracted to her.
this is especially satisfying for me who's been the butt end of a running joke in my group of friends about a mistake i did in the game that lead to similar situation, and if the game was to end early i could do something with my family.
he said of course he knows, he comes home after working all day and takes over playing with the girls.
hope hicks praying she not still in same shitty job by time she hits 30
unpopular orange to be phased out of visible spectrum
yngwie malmsteen officially changes middle name to 'fucking'
aitah i don’t like my nephew because his parents are shit heads.
he makes my place smell weird because he is always burning strange things like herbs and myrrh on the stove.
the other is that i even though he closes the door, i can always smell a bit when he's pooping and the smell makes me honestly gag.
like if a girl has a strong desire to be with tall men and me being a mere 180 cm, it would annoy the hell out of me and make me lose all interest in her.
i asked her if she still wanted to be friends, she told me she wasn't sure.
two of the girls were people she hasn’t been very close with lately.
report: employees most innovative when brainstorming dramatic quitting scenarios
pacific ocean quarantined after contact with carnival cruise ship
so, am i the asshole for going on that vacation?
fast forward later in the day i see some project members and they’re giving me the “not cool, dude” treatment.
bmw ran a red and t-boned my sedan on the passenger side.
ahh and then she sends me a photo of her boyfriends face then a bunch of other shit, like her and her bf in bed laughing together.
gina haspel nervously rubs lucky prisoner's foot during cia director confirmation hearing
uneventful past finally catches up to boring man
she walks to the back, comes back a moment later and says it will only be 5 minutes.
cameron diaz finally opens up about generally positive experience in show business
we had thought you wanted it temporarily”.
my friends and me didn't really like things like that when we got older, as we preferred to have more active fun out and about at parties or on day trips, which a didn't like very much because of her shy personality and her self-consciousness.
i was cruising along at about 80 mph while the flow of traffic was closer to about 75.
anyway, i started gettin annoyed with her right away, and just kind of stared at my phone to get her to stop talking to me.
overstock.com announces plans to develop original programming
i cheated on my grad school girlfriend with a lot of people.
&#x200b; sorry for the very long post.
i'm 20f, my bf is 22m, and my mom is 60f.
her and i have a very rocky past.
i do not and i do not feel comfortable doing so as you never know who you can really trust.
study: marriages between perfectly matched couples should still only last about 15 years
lustful man sensually uses one hand to unhook clasp of take-out box
'jeopardy!' bans obsessive weirdos who ruin the fun by preparing way too much for show
half-dressed man frantically scrambles out of home after hearing toyotathon deals won't last long
but i've got something really offensive to add to this conversation.
i know that it’s wrong to be dishonest but i don’t want to have to choose between my boyfriend or my cat.
recently we were assigned to write a small program, and had the whole 3-day weekend to do it.
if so, feel free to remove this post.
local moviegoer enjoying movie so far
i also have a habit of being sedentary so i also ruined the once-in-a-while date where we go out and do an activity that he likes.
a minute later he tells me he needs help, i'm still pretty high and didn't understand how to put it up so he gets annoyed with me, so i say fuck it and go sit on the porch.
i explained my situation and told her i couldn’t see it.
tl;dr overly attached girl, decided to smash and dash.
we had a pretty big falling out but i still think he should of showed the respect of coming.
so i had to go outside and scrape off my car and didn't even have time to let it run a little bit before they had the house locked up and were telling me goodbye.
dennis hastert fights to locate, save neck
nikki haley resigns to accept consulting role with afghan warlord
aita for banning japanese in my group chat?
adult bookstore to enhance shopping experience with café
i thank them greatly and proceed to keep quiet.
am i the asshole for being bothered by this?
most recently, he was told that he couldn't have tacos for dinner, so he threw himself on the ground, screaming and crying and banging on the floor.
disagreeing with someone over the border wall does not make me racist - got angry over the tiniest things.
im actually fine with correcting these lies as, who cares?
he went across all three lanes, went down noseward into the ditch, and slammed into the embankment.
i'm 18, have no car, and am one of the only three people in my house who can drive.
dad hands phone off to mom immediately after being wished happy father's day
she says she doesn't remember the pet.
bush introduces new timmy blanchard left behind act
area man got so wasted and abusive last night
nate silver blinded by gods for seeking forbidden knowledge of future
korean pop group bts shakes up lineup by adding really old guy
cherokee nation makes headlines as fraction of actress's bloodline
or does my friend deserve to be hated?
while that was a whole other conflict, essentially most people on the floor sided with this girl and most of my floor hates me, and to be honest i don't really care.
i myself am a firefighter but for a different county, but we had a lot in common to talk about.
so i messed with the css so that if you hovered over certain buttons, lewd pictures would show up.
i basically ended up calling him a freak and that he’s not normal for doing that, and while i’m far from normal i try to be it at least.
in order to save space in the attic she has started putting them all into dvd cases.
chinese takeout restaurant thought it had seen man at his worst
i had to tell them about the possible pregnancy (which eventually turned out to be false).
i was just finishing my drink and they were about 3/4 through theirs, and they announce that they are going to go for a cigarette in a minute.
police finally make breakthrough in decades-old marijuana possession cold case
fast food drive-thru just cow carcass, bucket for money
white house concerned ryan zinke made land deal without giving cut to trump
at one point i decided to talk to her in private.
responsible gun owner keeps firearms safely locked away where only he can get them during mental breakdown
i'm actually really happy for her.
he told me he would "if i wanted \[him\] to." a couple weeks went by and he didn't seek help for it, seemed like he was ignoring the fact that it ever happened.
i got my older son a cell phone a few years ago and the ex would pay half of the bill, but my son lost the phone so it was turned off.
aarp calls for 'comfier booths' at denny's
trump regrets choosing kavanaugh after supreme court nominee keeps talking about how much he respects women
aita for calling someones wife ugly?
he isn't depressed or anything, and right now he has winter break.
director has clear vision of how studio will destroy movie
at this time one player's already left, and both me and another player just want the game to end as fast as possible.
abu ghraib inside joke lost on rest of world
i have done this for three years.
i said i didn't appreciate him discussing my past sexual history with my ex and that there certainly was a past sexual history.
nancy grace reports own mind now missing for 83 days
my thinking was, if he was able to post to that, why couldn't he send me a quick text saying he was okay.
so i start touching her around.
because it seems like he's waiting for me to make the first intimate move.** *evidence for him being gay:* 1.
so i've been talking to this guy from okcupid for a week or so.
voyeur researchers recommend at least 7 hours of watching someone sleep per night
he kept a savings account secret from his ex-fiance (that contained significant savings) of almost 10 years.
the outdoor cat is very sweet and i don't mind her hanging out on my porch for some shade.
did you really think you could get a degree in under water basketweaving and then waltz into some big wig corporate job?
myself, including most of my friends, did not have a car on campus.
to some extent my job was on the line because of this so called "fiasco" by non tech guys.
with that exception, he is incredibly friendly and loves meeting new people.
nation surprised it took so long for primaries to weed out candidate with genuine principles
man surprised to hear himself tell matt damon he's a 'big fan'
(bad luck for me i guess).
rather than sitting on my lap’ me: ‘you’d be sacked if you were my child minder, where even were you?
to preface this, i love my boyfriend.
i called wednesday and told them i quit, and they had till the next monday to find someone else, which they didn't, and i didn't want to go again just to cover for them because it really was hell.
irish-americans gear up for 'the reinforcin' o' the stereotypes'
i don't want people to base my relationship with them solely on text.
ceo has big ideas to grow company's problems
i see her story saying she wants to talk to anyone (she did have a boyfriend somewhere in between those ten months, so i had thought she still has one).
commerce secretary urges nation to get in on piece of the action
now, my ex wife, is all pissy about it.
pigeon to invoke power of flight
and yes, contrary to what these people thought of me, i have been deprived of things that were extremely important to me.
i’m not gonna ghost her, just maybe distance myself.
new orleans adopts $10 cover charge
when i get home i like to shower and then call her so i tend to call her at 9 ish and we end the call at 9:30 ish.
she's not exactly supportive and has turned our kids (11 and 8) against me by calling me a freak of nature, etc.
white house quietly retracts entire state of the union address
what an a-hole you are" after all of that they said that i was more of a "anti meat eater" than they are a "anti vegan" or "whatever i am".
20th century fox green-lights 'united 93 vs. predator'
my friend and i were in a short relationship, and we weren't that obvious about it, so i don't even think our other friends really knew.
so we're back to she has to quit.
unclear whether grandpa having good time
tl;dr: fellow resident confronts me about my dog barking at his dog, is slightly rude in his manner.
am i just a raging and insensitive asshole?
a week later he broke up with her again and moved out to his friends house.
this happened months ago, so i’m a little fuzzy on the details, but i still think about it.
at the moment, we have our friend, who is my best friend, and her dog staying with us for a little bit.
because december 28 is the mexican equal of the april's fool.
aita: testing a deaf cab driver for some reason i thought he was lying and thus was some kind of a prank or a social experiment type thing.
aita for being upset that my friend didn't tell me about his serious relationship?
yeah, that caught me kind of offguard.
we don't have kids, and the dog can't reach it.
i said i was sorry even though i don’t think i did anything wrong but she wasn’t happy with that and she messaged me the next day saying that what i did was hurtful and i told her to calm down and then we could speak.
i needed something to fill up my time, since im on my christmas break till the new year.
my girlfriend tries to cook, she can't.
man's ironclad grasp of issue can withstand 2 follow-up questions
obama family adopts 44-year-old portuguese water man
she wasn't my girlfriend or anything.
i told her it didn't matter what happened in the past, as long as we learnt from it and tried to create a better future.
i learned about 2 weeks ago from the same friend that she has a massive crush on me, which i kinda saw coming because of the way she has been treating.
i decide to text and " catch up" on everything that's changed in her life...
archaeologists uncover greek amphitheater where first prick saved seats
u.s. government sets aside 600,000 acres of pristine land for future generations to pollute
the girl in question had even told me on several occasions that i was the most trusting boyfriend she had ever had and that it was one of her favorite things about me.
fox searchlight purchases two hours of super bowl air time to advertise entirety of the ringer
my sister had to plow her way into the conversation and told me "in our family, we will call it christmas." i told her in my house, i don't.
he'd be happy playing it now.
i provide for them financially in every way.
study: majority of americans not informed enough to stereotype chechens
aita for making my fiancé pay for a hotel herself because she refuses to stay with my parents on christmas?
furthermore, she said multiple times that she wants to improve at this, since she knows that it's not one of her strong points.
yesterday night i have been at a party with friends.
we previously had a conversation where she told me she liked me and i told her i liked her back, i just didn’t want to be in a relationship.
keep in mind she's had an attitude the whole night for no good reason (complaining about a meal i cooked for her, etc.), so i sternly demanded at least an apology.
woman seamlessly transitions from being too hungry to focus on job to being too full to focus on job
i feel like my mom puts a lot of pressure on me to help my youngest brother (who's a little younger than 10) with his reading and writing and math skills, which is something i don't feel well equipped to do.
i then asked if we can go further in a very small way just quickly today before we take the bigger jump tomorrow, and she said okay.
albanian village bombed forward into stone age
when youre in that fetish zone some things are going to be said, right or wrong, and i feel like that should matter in the context of the situation.
but if he only liked guys, then doesn't that mean he intentionally wasted two years of lola's romantic life?
one of these people is the said girl in the title.
our mutual friend portrayed it like she definitely wanted to get back to him, which turned out not to be true.
aita for being upset that my girlfriend is going to her best friend’s lingerie party so my girlfriend and i have been dating for almost 6 months now.
we plan to have a call discussion about it tonight.
i’ll try to keep this short.
i feel as if he had a better sleep schedule, instead of staying up late until 2am before early classes (i know this as again i stay up late as well) he wouldn't need these naps.
but she started her period that day and once she got home she said she was just going to stay home, and i'd have to scrap all the plans.
consequently, she had to make the moves not to be isolated, as i had to do.
18,000 sports fans doing whatever dancing fluorescent chicken tells them
i am nervous but believe i am handling the nerves well.
we used to talk every day but that has slowly tapered off as i've moved on.
when they say this i usually just apologize and tell them that i'm pretty overloaded with stuff and replying takes a lot of mental effort for me.
her older sister, s, (that my girlfriend doesn’t really get along with) got mad at something g said.
he knows how i feel, is a grown man and can make decisions for himself.
obama a little creeped out by how much everyone in kenya celebrating reelection victory
study finds 79% of statistics now sobering
heard her screaming at me about "taking the food out of her mouth" and how she "never gets to eat a damn thing" around her house as i shut my door.
grieving nation solemnly waits extra day for their amazon shit
i take offense to the absurdity of the accusation that a quarter-century of muscle memory just vanished in the past months, and he decides that me claiming "muscle memory" as "more important" than an "overlook[ing] in the kitchen", is too much, and that he's moving out.
thousands of onion social users burn effigies of ceo in massive show of support for company
we don't like each other at all.
truth is: now we are in a better place money-wise and so do our peers and acquaintances, the rock is so small compared to everyone else's rings and i am afraid it would reflect poorly on my husband (who is, truth be told, quite cautious with money).
ironic-kitsch-appreciation subculture excited about new britney spears novel
my counselor gave me some tools, like a time out system, that really helped us get through the initial arguments and actually come to some peaceful resolutions.
nana j. reclaims top spot from gram gram following exceptional birthday outing
pt was bothering me the entire game, making small comments and being a douche.
man given 3 months to live throws in one or two non-sexual things to do
my sister buys a lot of food that stays in the fridge and goes off so it later gets thrown away.
thing with old girlfriend works with new girlfriend
totally unknown guy strolling around your part of office for some reason
we don’t stay for long and i get returned to my friends safely.
man at gym apparently comfortable standing naked right in middle of spin class
nation's still-undecided voters: 'help, we can't get our car seatbelts off'
i have been met with resistance with both family members that i have approached.
i was furthest from my car, yet he didn't get there in time, so i left.
nation demands nasa stop holding press conferences until they discover some little alien guys
over the years we have been on many little weekend trips to nearby destination cities.
new study finds running for 20 minutes each day could add years of soreness to life
mom calling to ask if she can throw away 3-ring binder from middle school
however, the owner of the subreddit removed my access even after i tried to explain to him that the lewd pictures were just temporary and for publicity.
paul newman dies after consuming 51 hard-boiled eggs
to resolve this i've considered going away with friends however i've lost contact with most of them as they've left for university and we wouldn't want the same type of holiday so my only option would be to go with him.
they were the only person i knew at the party and they did not interact with me much.
so i guess i thought ghosting was the best thing to do for some reason.
she made a facebook post asking people what she should do.
either we're honest and tell the waiter that she made a mistake and pay for all of the meals, or we just pay the bill and pretend we didn't see.
but also because multiple speedways in my area including that one has accepted paper ids from me before.
cosmopolitan releases 5 sexy helen gurley brown obituaries to drive your man wild
i asked him how long he knew about this and he said he’s not sure - he forgot to mention it.
i fell asleep before he came home and woke up to him sleeping next to me.
&#x200b; for the past 2-3 years, we had all been friends who regularly hung out together.
obviously, with me working full time and my wife staying home with a baby who needs almost constant care (along with a 9 month old puppy) and also working a part time remote job, certain house keeping items can fall through the cracks and we get behind.
i'm terrified that one day he might actually change and that then allows him to find true happiness because i don't know if i can be okay with that.
performers frantically trying to incorporate spewing sewage pipe into rio opening ceremony
it was too late anyway because the bird was dead.
nation exhibits strange preoccupation with manner in which food is processed
maybe it’s easy to say yes, but i was just a reddit user trying to create conversation and i was annihilated for it, so i took action the only way i know how.
richard grieco's star power inadvertently donated to goodwill
bakery's closing nets man ton of free éclairs
we spent the night having fun and talking like we always do and he eventually fell asleep.
he has told me the password in the past (but my memory fails me) why does he feel unable to share it now?
but she went to europe with her family and boyfriend, and mexico with her boyfriend within about a year before graduating.
nato admits slovenia, mummenschanz, czech republic
bush announces 8-month plan to steal favorite desk lamp
they were very patient with my mom (who was a toddler at the time) and allowed her to climb on them and get in their face and mess with their food with no problems.
i however never got a response from my employers to the email.
as the person leading the meeting i have a list of things that need to get sorted out, so i politely ask my coworker, who answers other people’s unaddressed questions with things like “i don’t know but you could probably ask i’ve talked to him before..
new evidence suggests ancient egyptians only ever visited pyramids when friends were in from out of town
commissioned an artist, send them *multiple* references (12-15) of my character and they still messed it up on the final product.
chocolate pudding up $2 a barrel
i wanted to keep things amicable and help him understand why i needed to break up, and why i still wanted to be friends.
i don't enjoy handjobs at all, i don't like rubbing against her vagina as its not the same and sort of emasculating.
inexperienced streaker to practice in living room a few times before doing it for real
fbi agent's cover blown by own jacket
old refrigerator unable to control when it releases water anymore
so, me and a friend were planning on going to a concert a while back, and we were going to take my car because her car wasn’t exactly the best.
defiant mitch mcconnell holds merrick garland's severed head aloft in front of capitol building
we can’t a conversation without him bringing up his server.
i really don't understand what i did wrong here.
i had a second tv i brought with me, a smaller one, like 22 inches.
still, he is much more willing to do me a favor in comparison to my other friends and, tbh, i have started to expect these favors which is making me feel even more guilty.
(i would post a photo but i’m using my secondary account for anonymity reasons) many people think i’m still in my late 20’s, i don’t drink/smoke/do drugs.
i don't feel attracted to her physically.
i've been taking to you for past 45 minutes." "no, c'mon, i just want to talk to you." "why we gotta go outside for that?" "i can talk to you behind that counter if you want." "really, with all these cameras are around us?" "yeah i don't care." "yeah man, i don't want to talk to you man." "yeah, i bet you don't...." and he walks out and waits there by his car for me to get out.
so out of ideas, and approaching the 2 year mark for our realtionship, i decided, if i'm too weak to end it.
this year i think she is at her heaviest.
i explained that she's creating her own feelings of 'otherness' when she finds herself starting arguments with people being supportive, and that she needs to check her perspective if she's going to be 'millennial triggered' by what i said.
woman rearranging condiments in refrigerator door like puzzle in ancient tomb
but she is just mad and said i'm messed up in the head and belong in an insane asylum.
in my family, you did not have the maid of honor or bridesmaids do shit like this.
i was accused of having no compassion by people who said truly selfish things like "why should i adopt when i have other options?" maybe because helping someone in need isn't all about you?
god admits heaven was way cooler in the '70s
she is old enough to know the risks.
it felt like i was forcing myself to like her when i only really wanted to be friends.
haven't talked to anyone else yet.
anyway about a year ago she starts talking about maybe starting professional school (law school).
hank williams jr. honored by institute for football preparedness
when we aren’t working at least one of us is using it.
aita for charging my so for a cleaning service?
i am in the marines and we intend to move in together when she finishes up her semester of school.
ok whatever i dont mind too much.
but when i have to deal with 250+ power point slides of outdated theory i have to know by heart in order to get the maximum points in that specific exam, i just...
father only expresses love through concern for proper tire inflation
the guys cool but likes to drink a lot.
>me: if the players won't actually communicate what they want with me and instead expect me to _just know_, it's disappointing.
(i normally say that this is his problem and he's the one that needs to sort himself out).
so i guess he was deaf after all.
clinton names agriculture secretary: previously unnamed man to be called joseph p. ruckeyser
she had a break down when i mentioned it which is completely out of character.
aita for making jew jokes to a jew?
so i reached in and took her phone, but as she was wearing skinny jeans i could see she had a set of keys in her pocket which were clearly her keys to her bedsit.
they then said that they found cheaper silverware for $18 and that i should've made the price i was asking for clear before they decided to keep the silverware because "it's ridiculous to pay that much for used and incomplete sets".
ge releases new flickering light bulb for abandoned sanatoriums
given his issues, he offers close to nothing by way of financial support.
sam was going through a downward spiral, and there was no way for me to predict my parents would be considering seperation as a result of finding out this information.
i don’t want cleaning solution on my face, and i wouldn’t want to wipe down equipment with a sweaty towel.
going to the clinic staff when i didn't get what i wanted wasn't nice.
so all the nights the past month he’s been at “pubs” he was really at this stripclub.
aita for being immediately skeptical of people with emotional support animals?
watching faces of students as they finish 'the lottery' highlight of english teacher's year
study: human hearing most acute when listening to arguing parents from top of stairs
one of those videos that starts off normal enough and then, wham!, two old guys having at it with some good old fashion up close, cock up the bum action.
i didn't respond to her text, and i don't really know how i'm going to react when i see her in class on tuesday.
waitress treated extra courteously to compensate for assholes at adjacent table
edit 2: i’m reading through your guys comments and i do feel i need to elaborate.
so this dog has helped me through some rough times.
romney dominated debate, say pundits trying to figure out gop candidate's policies
i personally still dont understand how one fire arm is more dangerous then another in ones home.
no thank u during the holiday no little holiday gift to say thank you for letting me stay here.
transit authority pledges to double number of out-of-service buses by 2006
hundreds of miniature sean hannitys burst from roger ailes' corpse
he also has his job title and workplace prominently displayed on his instagram.
aita for not wanting to go to thanksgiving?
6-year-old cries when told mtm productions kitten dead by now
&#x200b; and now i don't know how to "make it up" to her.
holy hell this long sorry about that 😂
fast forward to the week before my wife got home and she wanted to confirm that it was still ok for us to have the place to ourselves so she sent a message with the dates we thought would be most convenient for j given the plans we knew he had over christmas.
so last weekend we decided to spend the weekend in her hometown skiing.
by that time they were gone.
a couple of days ago they asked if they could get a ride to a friends place at around 6.
i moved 4000 kilometers away a few months ago.
u.s. forces take control of white house
the classes were all co educational with japanese and foreign students.
'phantom thread' wins academy award for best film you liked but probably wouldn't see again
i was openly annoyed with this leading up to halloween and my girlfriend would condemn it every time i brought it up because "halloween's all about sharing", saying it shouldn't matter whether the kids are from the neighborhood or not.
&#x200b; this all wouldn't have happened were she only to say "sorry", or at least treat me decently.
also apologies if the story is convoluted.
neighbor bragging about 20-pound box he fedexed
there was even a text message that said "it's getting harder and harder to keep this a secret, but i think the surprise will be worth it." and the instructor is teaching him in the loft spaces, absolutely zero mention of his ex anywhere his phone.
in the name of being fully transparent, i installed the same apps on my phone too and gave him my banking info.
basically put all my cards on the table.
a week ago i told him i don't really want him to text me anymore until he either figures out what's wrong with his phone or gets a different one.
since discord servers can be easily customized with nickname changing of members and channel names it has become a little bit of a tradition to change up themes for the server every now and then.
a i the asshole for not going with them.
however, this bitch is more comfortable sleeping with a complete stranger every weekend, than she is saying hi to someone she works with.
why didn't he send this email sooner?
i asked if i’d get to say goodbye before i left and he said he was going to take a walk so i shouldn’t wait for him.
up until my neighbor started to be a nuisance.
a little back story: we had been friends for 7 years.
told her i wanted to actually do stuff in real life instead of searching for online fantasies.
i sorta slow down messaging her, since that could be the issue.
man spends entire marketing meeting nodding
my family got very defensive and started yelling at me.
exhausted nation unsure it has stamina to continue gun control dialogue for fifth consecutive day
adult film industry replaces 500 porn stars with hydraulic robotic fisting arm
mad lit professor puts finishing touches on bloomsday device
gimp tied to pole on curb outside coffee shop while owner inside
rash of high-speed chases threatens local fruit stand
this honestly is tearing me up right now.
rumsfeld: 'my half-assed job here is done'
backstory me: a 17 y/o theatre nerd posting about this on mobile, sorry if the formatting gets weird possible asshole (pa): girl in the grade above me, also a theatre nerd.
she really is my life partner and teammate.
disney trailer teases exit of major character in upcoming film 'death at pooh corner'
area woman just itching to complain if anyone objects to nativity scene in park
he kept being insistent on 40 till i eventually give in and wire him the money.
while this was happening, and after, she continued to use me as an emotional sadist, continuing to ask me to make her feel sad.
everyone thought it was funny except for one old friend that in the past has made some very inappropriate jokes as well which is why she was one of the people i sent the joke to.
and did i need to do it that way?
i think she expected me to say yes, as her face dropped.
&#x200b; edit/addition: looking over it now, i typed this in the heat of the moment.
raid recalls entire line of insecticide after realizing food chain would collapse without bugs
aita or am i doing the right thing?
new employee finally around long enough to be deemed incompetent
he does offer me some, but it’s pepperoni so i decline.
she started seeing someone about a year ago.
they are hippies and occasionally get high lol but i would feel weird if they knew i was getting high at their house.
i asked her out of curiosity and she started shouting saying things like "why don't i trust her" should i have said anything at all or just ignored it?
charmin introduces new disposable toilet paper
i feel like i've exhausted every other alternative and at this point i'm ready to accept whatever happens, even if it means losing my marriage if she decides to stay at her job.
i thought you wanted one with a blunt tip now i don't understand what blunt means in the sewing world, but my definition is a baseball bat or a joint, not a bigger hole.
she was running around being busy with delivering gifts and stuff.
if i'm working on a project and hit a roadblock i will get angry.
that victim woe is me mentality.
aita for flattening all four suv tires?
i had 3 railroads and a single orange property.
he has been patient and wonderful and never pressures me, but because of the cheating i get hard in myself when it's been awhile since we've had sex and internally freak out.
but i have never (as far as i know) dated a guy who wasn’t straight.
the exact month we got married was the month he stopped giving her her money, and not only the regular $1000, but also the money from the wedding dress and other things from the wedding that he *promised* to pay.
by the time i return i am informed that that day i wouldn't get any points for the day because i disoeyed her instructions.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: he's a member of your guild?
my mom says she once went to the proxy-landlord and started tentatively asking probing, "hypothetical" questions about subletting, and they were like, "stop right there.
'jurassic world 2' to feature more scientifically accurate jeff goldblum
previous pulitzer winners: 'feels so hollow knowing there are far more deserving institutions'
toby keith struggling to come up with rhyme for ahmadinejad
i think he felt a little bit like i chose my friends over him.
it turns to night and i begin to worry.
i don't like the idea of being controlling which i know i can be sometimes.
that guy from that one show attempting comeback
by this point it was 1am maybe and i went back with the others and just chilled out for a bit.
flesh-eating bacteria wishing it hadn't filled up on foot
when i first moved in with them, they also just got a shiba inu puppy.
and when we do have sex i usually initiate.
revlon releases new functionless translucent gel for women who don't need makeup
lethal injection least effective drugs man took while in prison
for anonymity he will be n n is a new student at my school and as a part of the student government, i was ordered to sit next to him during lunch in the beginning of the year.
i will usually pick him up and drop him off.
my girlfriend got pregnant 2 months ago, told me about it it about 5 weeks back, and she is keeping it.
aita for lying to the autistic clients of the group home i used to work about the ingredients of the meals i cooked for them?
i don’t know many people my age who have parents that text them every single day.
aita for not getting my sister what she wants for xmas?
he joined me to play fifa one night, and then stopped answering my texts.
of course she got mad at me and started raising her voice at me.
for a couple weeks at least.
my wife said something along the lines of, "wtf is wrong with you?".
the teachers just shrug it off.
everyone on defense team an equally matched romantic interest for member of prosecution
three people voted, e, h and i.
pope francis crushes small demon crawling across papal apartment floor
i'll just get her to end it for me.
government-publications enthusiast makes pilgrimage to pueblo, co
i just need to know if i'm right with how i feel about this whole situation.
she is someone i have known for long before we started dating and do think highly of.
aita for trying to convince my family to disown my sister?
me on the other hand, not so much.
grocery store bar actually has great little happy hour, reports man with a serious problem
and the guy sitting in front of me turns around and goes “man, some people.
i found myself losing respect for her because of this, and since my friend got close with her i’m losing respect for him too.
graduation party more lucrative than planned future career
julian assange fired from it job at pentagon
it seemed like emotional manipulation to me, to illicit some kind of response that appealed to him.
i asked why and she complained that there’s no privacy at my parents’ (which is true - we won’t be the only guests there.
&#x200b; so in all in all, i simply want to know am i the asshole for doing what i did?
if it werent for my gramma, we would have fought right there.
still, i feel kind of bad that i yelled at him for trying to help, but i feel like he didn't need to do that and that his actions were not work appropriate, considering our agreement.
'typical' acid doses (in my experience) don't usually involve a disconnect from reality.
anyway, 2 hours later a came back, while b went to go do something else.
study: floating heap of trash now ocean's apex predator
i returned the scissors the next morning, and i never heard any mention of it from parents or teachers.
aita for not being there for my friend?
for some backstory; i built her a gaming pc back in august for her birthday, after wanting one just like mine.
area man outraged his private information being collected by someone other than advertisers
this is the exchange i (43 m) find on an old cell phone of my girl (46f).
can of surge results in fully-loaded, in-your-face diabetic reaction
he seemed cool with me as well.
he od’ed twice that i know of but since we live so far apart i was only present during the first one which occurred shortly after the above events.
the room where my brother plays fortnite was outside my door and i could hear him talking to his friends.
it was then that she opened her mouth to insist that, once again, she had not been ignoring me lately.
argument about capital of australia occurs 10 feet from encyclopedia
aita for still having resentment over this person who reported me in school for being a creepy stalker i used to fancy this girl a year below me, and at one point i decided to step up my game a bit and tried to flirt and hang out with her.
area man patiently waiting for humiliating email to cycle off first page
probably gonna delete this soon idk.
i didn't even know he had a gf for like a year, he never talks about her or shows any interest in her.
new law requires welfare recipients to submit sweat to prove how hard they're looking for job
senate: 'renewed fisa legislation imperative in protecting the few american freedoms that will remain'
skip to this past thursday i receive a facebook message that i didn’t read at the time because if i read a message whilst busy i sometimes forget to reply in between a busy social work job / high risk doctor appts and personal life - but it said something about hanging out from what i was able to see.
4.that i disrespect her and belittle her when she keeps doing that to me, and when even if i’m with her she keeps thinking i’m against her.
this is where the conversation ended.
me: yeah good day to you sir, see ya.
baby doesn't realize it's a white supremacist yet
but i feel like she’d actually kill me so i haven’t said that.
heroic pit bull journeys 2,000 miles to attack owner
skipping out on friend's birthday party at last minute closest woman will ever come to feeling rush of heroin
i didn't follow my instinct telling me to stay away.
should i just stay home from now on?
my other grandparents however, don't live close and are even more out of touch with me.
onion social cracks down on sexual harassment by banning all women from platform
she goes on about how one of her best friends all the way from middle school was being bitch to her.
stephen miller palms ice agent $50 bill in exchange for a little alone time with detained migrants
spoon's weight topples pint in jarring reminder of how much ice cream area man ate in one sitting
he ended up firing eleven people based on my advise.
on the 3rd day she asks if i am done yet.
goose thinking of migrating home a couple weeks early to avoid the crowds
for my birthday, my friend of 9 years gave me a birthday card that essentially says "i'm sorry i can't get you a present this year, i'll treat you sometime".
beto voter struggling to refocus her sexual fantasies on ted cruz
so when swim sees a facebook post being all sweet about this informant and how sad it was he taken so early and how he missed him and what not.
she always does what her parents demand and i'm upset that we could have had a long weekend if she only just told her parents no.
i have both my boss and another woman named jenny who is on maternity leave.
my friend, who i will call l, myself, and a few other friends of mine were all talking about our plans for after high school, university applications and whatnot.
i was honestly pretty upset, i wanted to cry.
as election draws near, area man moves to all-obama t-shirt rotation
tom hanks vows he won't stop until he has portrayed every last american
i record the make and model of their vehicles and follow them around discreetly to see what theyre really doing.
let me explain: \- she *says* (two years ago) that she is going to quit watching k-drama (since they take up soooo much time), and here we are, two years later and she is still hooked watching k-drama \- she *says* (also two years ago) that she is going to start losing weight, and fix her eating habits, but she hasn't done any of that.
local christian sees parallel to your situation in bible
cue 4 more months of bullshit between grace and allison during which grace turned her target on me because i was also competing with allison for best grades in the class.
unpopular student ridiculed mercilessly in teacher's lounge
new arrivals consult wise couple who have been at resort for 3 days already
i was doing my best to hide how funny i thought this was that it was my fault.
aita for flipping out over spaghetti this just happened.
so daughter came home from school today and announced she wanted to "brave the shave".
here's the thing though, she lives about 200 miles from me.
some students don’t identify as a specific gender, so it would put them in a hard spot as to decide to what to wear, especially if they weren’t “out” to their parents yet.
when i see a problem though i want to solve it, especially when it's making her unhappy so i keep suggesting she get a new job and she was fine with the idea but then when i start looking up ones she's suited for or offer to help her apply it leads to an argument that she needs to do it by herself or that she needs more time to think about what she wants to do.
sharper image vows 'we will be undersold'
anyway, i know it's petty, but am i an asshole for wanting nicer flowers?
i don't like to set people up for failure and told her explicitly this was an important birthday and that i wanted a day activity and dinner date.
she sent the message about her stuff two days ago and i definitely planned on returning it; i just didn’t want to address not wanting to hang out at the time which isn’t fair - i appreciate the insight!
he started screaming and crying like like a little demon until teacher broke us up, settled the situation and made us both open the bags too see if who was right(i was right).
but am i going about it wrong and turning myself into the asshole instead of them?
k-pop group bts excited for first american tour since 1963 appearance on 'ed sullivan'
fully gentrified neighborhood all cheese shops
like, i'm feminine to her or something?
president's lawyers move to discredit michael cohen by pointing out history of committing crimes for trump
giant bass hates having picture taken
report: biggest parenting fear remains losing child in high-stakes poker tournament
my friends and i are on a team playing a 5v5 moba video game.
bush's approval rating of other americans also at all-time low
every year, she goes to gay pride with her friends, most of which are gay and a few are straight.
as silly as the water bottle thing is, i made sure not to leave any other rubbish besides water bottles so i wouldn't describe it as dirty.
nonessential government employee gets back to work
but now currently, he has realized his mistake and apologized multiple times.
philly cheesesteak either perfect or disgusting
but i personally do not even slightly see the appeal of taking care of an animal that doesn't give two shits if you live or die, and that takes an insane amount of training and effort to learn even basic commands...which they will only ever do if they feel like it.
is coming!” i made the mistake of making a joke about the priest while i was watching aladdin with a friend.
it ended with her dumping me and storming out.
pep talk laced with personal threats
aita for not cleaning the house?
u.s. to just hand terry jones over to fundamentalist muslims
it turned out, he liked me.
later that day, my other sister, julia is talking to petunia about it.
i'm worth more." so, aita in this, what are your thoughts?
reminded me of a kid i knew a few years back who passed since.
bath & body works scientists destroy experimental scent unfit for mankind
and she didn't seem geniunely sorry for that, she just turned her back and just walked upstairs, and i pinched her traps and she started crying and saying i attacked her.
am i an asshole for not deleting them and using them as porn after we had broken up?
and for my siblings i bought some used xbox games that i knew both of us really wanted.
you to receive 15 pounds of venison sausage from uncle
after another argument she made me have an anxiety attack (i normally can calm down before any of that comes but the way i was being yelled at overwhelmed me) and while that happened she laughed at me calling me rude things (all having to do with mental issues of mine) such as calling me an "autistic retard".
he finished one of his acts and b was clapping very loudly.
she's also been talking about getting into shape and eating healthy so i didn't even know she wanted it that bad.
aita for getting mad at a women for walking in on me in the bathroom.
is it wrong that i block girls that arent sexually interested?
she sent me a selfie to prove it was her, then a video to really get me to believe.
my mom calls me every day and cries to me about how she gets treated and horrible my brother behaves.
we both say we love each other.
i like most of my coworkers and don't want to leave them like this, but i really cannot miss this event for my school.
in conclusion,by spending on research and development and planning parenthood i believe there would be much difference.therefore,i dont want their curing.
now for the meat of the matter, my girl best friend boasts about her body a lot, especially her ass, she puts work into it so when we get together at house reunions she always teases us by wearing skimpy clothes and getting into suggestive positions.
i'm pretty sure that the last one is indifferent.
we don't always have to be doing the same thing.
rob: someone from (prior workplace, meaning prior experience in field).
i understand i may have taken it far but i need clarification to see if it was justified.
aita for telling my would-be girlfriend's ex that she left him for me?
i say that mac's unsportsmanlike behavior makes me think less of him because of all the context of his actions.
pretty stupid rule, or a pretty stupid interpretation of a rule by a pretty angry internet moderator.
at this point i had a light town read on him, but i was still disproportionately targeting him.
then i'm really sad for christmas and that sucked.
i decided on picking up a new ps4 game and hanging at home playing it and ordering a pizza.
**tl;dr** am i the asshole for bringing up something shitty that happened four years ago?
do your dishes after dinner when i’m not home, put your clothes away, stop leaving random stuff everywhere.
so this girl i used to work with and been wanting to sleep with is hispanic, so am i.
i voiced that opinion to my fiancé but she says that it doesn’t matter.
not too long after i graduated high school he moved in with my mother and i for what i was told would be a couple weeks, but ended up being 4 or 5 months.
my only other option is walking to the train station, taking the train (which costs money), and then walking to work, all of which takes 2 hours.
new pompous asshole magazine to compete with cigar aficionado
local man helped every day by salad shooter
(this is his other go to when im angry at him: im either crazy or a cunt) anyway--am i the asshole for throwing his dismissive comments in his face (quit freaking out) to provoke a reaction?
nation schedules recurring monthly benefit concert to streamline tragedy response process
so i'm excited about planning something amazing!!
i know he didn't have a good trip and got annoyed immediately as we got to a's house, which in turn got to me and i didn't have a good trip.
bizarre assemblage of shapes visible through area man's pockets
aita for not liking when english is lisped/slurred/muddled?
ari fleischer replaced by toby keith
new video game technology finally allows rendering of smaller breasts
she told me she’s comfortable talking to him about her life problems etc and she suddenly realised how she felt and has been absolutely guilt ridden since.
my roommate constantly throws around the n word, jokingly, and i’ve been labeled a sjw for calling it out.
bush to nominate next person who walks through door
i was happy about this, hoping he would now feel himself how beautiful it could be to share your love with more than one partner.
i knew it would probably come off really rude to say that i don't know what they've supposedly done for me, so i just said something about how secrecy/lies are a bit of a personal red button for me.
inner-city teacher inspires students to stab him
my wife and i run a mechanic shop.
senators wish domenici would bring dog to work more often
her son, i like him and all, but i'm not sure he would even care if i was there.
my dog sees what is going on and runs over and bites one of her friends on the arm who was pushing me, he drew blood but i later found out he didn’t get her too good.
i was just told to "just stop fucking trolling.
so, this has been a difficult year for us, my children and i haven't been in the christmas mood at all.
interpol admits 89% of its cases involve finding, recovering the 'mona lisa'
michelle obama not so keen on president's new bangs
we had literally one of the most fun nights of my life to this day, and i also ended up having my first kiss.
sunday we hung out, and i realized i didn't like her company.
in no way a reserved or handicap spot.
broke dad makes son playstation 2 for christmas
i want to do everything i can to reassure my gf.
however she told my wife that she had been seeing a new boyfriend who is 19yr.
i know i made a big deal out of this but to be honest, it's kind of the straw that broke the camel's back.
consumption of buncha crunch reverently paused during unsettling scenes of 'american sniper'
if you've never seen it, it's a movie about a man gets his memory erased in order to forget his ex girlfriend.
this happened saturday and i haven't let him back in the house since.
i'm usually quiet and reserved for years at a time.
detective endangers own life by looking forward to upcoming retirement
jay-z ceo resigns after stock price plunges
she is a heavily depressed woman who hasn't left her house in over 20 years.
tl;dr my kid is sick and rather than being available to watch my other kid while we go to the doctor, my parents intend to watch my sister's kids while she puts down her horse and/or takes a recreational trip.
so i've gotta ask aita for thinking they should reschedule their new plans for our old plans that happen so frequently you hardly could forget it happens to being with?
so thats basically my thought process.
man betrays his heart by telling friend he can have last dumpling
report: employers know within first 5 minutes of job interview whether they will murder applicant
now during the previous semester (end of 2016), i had decided to myself that i would either ask out this one girl or ask her to the school dance by the end of the next semester (lets call this girl k).
but, about 2 days before my best friend and her started dating she just stopped talking to me.
woman upset at herself for feeling hungry
aita for not wanting to be in one of my best friend’s wedding?
he made them do it!" so, after about a month, i got a visit from the propery manger.
school principal pauses for applause that never comes
the game is crashing consistently for everyone when trying to load into a match.
i said because i helped out a drunk person from the ditch and made sure they got home so they were probably asking to make sure nothing was wrong so i was like lemme talk to them and settle the situation so there's no worries.
and she keeps bringing it up.
historians still unable to determine how americans were able to build hoover dam
army general conducts exhaustive sex probe
an issue has come up though.
i tried to replied to all her messages saying i got homework to do, i didn't feel like talking, i was busy etc.
sarah huckabee sanders flatly rejects jim acosta's assertion that he's jim acosta
scientists genetically engineer lab rat predisposed to think anything wrong with it might be cancer
aita for not believing my best friend is pregnant and not congratulate her for it?
although she's very eager for me to give her grandchildren, she really doesn't want black grandbabies (her words).
he taunted me while playing basketball calling me pansy and queer and i outted him.
study finds newborn infants can tell if parents are losers
months of painstaking practice critiquing celebrity fashion comes down to this for area woman
though my former friend, after the first round was already accusing.
my final argument between mutual friend and i that resulted in no contact happened approximately 2 months ago but our relationship had been rocky over the past 6 months over a difference in political opinion.
so everyone's home for the holidays from the 20th to the 28th and today my twin brothers and 2 oldest sisters where going out to lunch and invited me and my twin sister to go with them and they said "dont worry about asking mom or dad for money we will pay" (me and my twin sister are 14) so we declined we were playing smash bros.
political scientists discover new form of government
loose-cannon cop who doesn't play by the rules uses unconventional filing system for paperwork while on desk duty
these are traits that won't change her as a person and are totally fine with me still.
they stop for a while and then it continues.
i didn't want to give my aunt the satisfaction of us loosing it, but i swore i was gonna get back at her.
am i well justified for this?
i love her to death but i'm not going to stretch myself that far to fix something when she doesn't even want to talk to me.
trump boys construct fake melania for lonely father to spend time with
i know my dad never intended to hurt her and am 100% sure all was meant in jest, but i understand he needs to be held accountable for his poorly judged actions and i am struggling to get over this hurdle.
kris kristofferson pretty sure he's going on after some guy named lord
he has always been pretty vocal about his distaste for the original colonists and so on and we've never had much cause to butt heads..
what really bothers me is how his phone will send me the same text message about 4-5 times.
he got angry and told me that if i asked, he would have given me some, which i doubt was true.
family revels in height difference between mother and tall son
anyway i don't hate that mutual friend or anything, she doesn't know about the whole thing and she's a super great friend.
they said i was impersonating a mod, and permanently banned me from the subreddit.
pope francis scouring papal tombs for final easter egg of vatican hunt
she's actually a really beautiful woman.
i feel like shit for making a disabled person start bawling and i’m just not sure whether i did the right thing.
for christmas, i specifically asked for a particular book, which i received.
area mother displays extensive goya collection
i asked him why he didn't help me to learn with him, and he said that he knows i hate cantonese and that it stresses me out because i'm bad at it and he just wanted to impress my family.
they made fun of her cutting herself and i just sat there typing an email.
i asked her again and it went back and forth for a while.
however since he handn’t washed any of his dishes there were no dishes under his nightstand, so i just assumed he moved his dish storage to the shelf.
two days before the party my friend contacts me and says that he/she wants to invite his/her roommate to the party, to which i decline.
especially i have formed a very negative self-image regarding my looks.
eventually, our friend group found its new normal and i put what happened behind me.
i absolutely don't have anything against people who choose to stay sober, but kelly had told us stories about her recently getting drunk (without any men present) so i knew that she wasn't fully abstaining from it.
edit : i don't tell anyone off, and if it annoys me enough i just put earbuds in or leave.
disheartened man expected at least one text while checking phone after flight
but i normally see employees take turns and stagger their time off so that their work and livelihood is covered.
(maybe i could have said it better?) or hell, maybe by today's standards i'm a closet racist, which would be news to me.
i told her she was pretty and that made her cry with happiness.
my bf and i discussed going.
madcap romp escalates into zany hijinks
aita for wanting to leave my wife of a few years because i'm not attracted to her?
i don't think it's a big deal, it's just hair!!
i snuck over and peaked at the page.
you are literally making up a problem so you can be mad even though nothing bad happened.
aita for not wanting to pay for my stepkid's education despite paying for my own kid?
she says she is extremely sick, debating taking an ambulance to er, because she doesn’t think she can drive to urgent care.
that being said, neither of them are very good looking.
a buddy of mine were at a bar playing pool, when a couple of guys approached us and we decided to play doubles for buckets of beer.
national security commission warns clinton: 'the call is coming from inside the house'
anyway, after she said that, i asked her what she wished for and she replied to me that she wishes to have a fitness watch.
anyway, so last night i was talking to one of them and this particular friend enjoys a lot of the topics i enjoy, like for instance, last night we went on and on from topics like why germany was not responsible for ww1 (definitely wwii though) all the way to how he universe is astonishingly young when you consider that there is enough gasses to fuel stars for trillions of years.
me:it's street legal it's a motorcycle guy:well then go on green you fucking degenerate context: the bike had a license plate it was broken off when he hit it.
that guy from that one show spotted with the girl from the shampoo ad
we texted for a little and we had a lot in common and she seemed pretty cool.
nation demands more slow-motion footage of running basset hounds
report finds one in five americans struggle with properly masking depression
bush campaign more thought out than iraq war
being a family doctor, i have a relatively stable/flexible occupation in my workplaces.
we never really fought and when we did i felt we resolved our issues in a pretty even handed manner.
nation's stomach ulcers predict trump administration will provide opportunities for unlimited growth in 2017
another friend arrives, and i start calling volunteer the name of another black guy we know.
history channel helicopter to give viewers bird's eye view of history
'98 oscar mayer wienermobile car & driver's 10 best wienermobiles list
poll: 98% of people picture run-down strip mall parking lot when word 'america' said
'old milwaukee book of world records' confirms title for most punches to shoulder
cellmate tired of suge knight's constant stories of '90s rap beefs
i kind of snapped and told them that they weren't funny and their jokes were lame and immature.
'no, take jeb instead,' screams george w. bush while shoving brother into father's grave
i’m a 19 year old college (uk) student and live with my dad.
letter of recommendation clearly written under duress
man who willingly rented 'wrath of the titans' feels his intelligence has been insulted
masturbatory prose style fails to reach climax
man who threatened to move to canada before election still here
she recently was picked up a major swimsuit company for a partnership.
i realize i had an option and i did not take it but aita?
we were playing this game online called territory war or something.
aita for not giving up the head seat of the table to my father just a reminder to those giving life advise, that you are seeing only 5 of the worst minutes of a 21 year relationship, so please just judge the situation and try not to make judgements on my character in general.
i said my bad, it wasn't my intent to sit there and rile you up and talk shit.
but i’m asking if i have to tolerate his manipulative behavior with this suicide attempt
me, being the horny monster that i am, asked the boyfriend for permission and he said: "yeah, i'll share anything for a brother" after communicating that to his girl, she procceded to send the nude, to my surprise.
man always gets little rush out of telling people john lennon beat wife
i used to work with animals and the dog wasn’t a puppy so it wasn’t play biting.
this morning, i saw police at his house.
&#x200b; &#x200b; tldr: 17m, 18f girlfriend started off nice and happy, moved on to be a pyscho, discovered things about her.
i get home from work about 6:30, we fix dinner (sometime me and sometimes her) after dinner i take over daddy duties for both the kids so wife can rest and gets a break and she goes to the bedroom and either does some laundry or lays in bed, sometimes she sleeps sometimes not.
vacationing bush accepts republican nomination via live satellite feed
kasich hastily paints name on side of skyscraper in attempt to woo new york voters
as agreed j stayed with his girlfriend and we are grateful for this, despite being wary about his message and feeling that hanging over us.
i'm thinking of backing out because i'm way too busy.* i'm a phd student.
wells fargo computer glitch accidentally forecloses on all 5,700 branches
but i also want to provide for her and help her pursue her dreams.
have a conversation with me instead of talking big shit'.
but i still feel bad about it.
area man lives vicariously through son's bully
he didn’t respond but normally he would be very easygoing.
after 8 yrs of hard work the place is successful, we have a fabulous core of families and employees....
panhandler demands explanation for failure to provide quarter
it would break my heart and nothing is going to bring the bird back.
facebook bans thousands of snowboarders, base jumpers in crackdown on 'dangerous' accounts
we connected well and i asked her to get dinner with me.
tl;dr: temperamental teacher threatens administrative action over email misunderstanding.
i felt like i was back in a mean girl high school situation.
he gave some reads that i disagreed with.
my mom said that it sounded like i was starting trouble, i told my mom about patty swearing and as per usual she took her side and basically said i should go home.
paul ryan awaiting soulcycle instructor's approval before accepting speaker role
woman transitions from being terrified of getting pregnant to being terrified she can't get pregnant
former high-school bully pulls you over for speeding
it was all going surprisingly well, until my sister came back.
i moved off to the side and felt hurt.
i also try avoiding being an ass and use a different meta in pure noob games, because i have a line and i don't want to scare noobs away.
and i left it on read because i didn't feel like arguing it if it's her decision.
study finds 87% of knowledge about nation comes from side of u-haul trucks
there could be bad side effects.” i tried to explain that there are really no bad side effects, it could help him and worst case it’s another thing that doesn’t help.
now by no means am i a professional conversationalist, but i seriously doubt i was boring enough to justify the lack of effort on her part.
this was true, i was just trying to keep to myself and making a poor job of it.
one thing led to another and i end up at the principal's.
she lets her friends walk all over her and when i tell her to be tougher she complains not to be that kind of person so if you are not going to do anything about it then why are you constantly goddamn complaining about the same shit!!!?
insurance only covers generic heart transplant
so now im yelling, threatening to leave, and convicting him of being two-faced and a liar.
yes i could've put more distance between us but the whole point was for us to hike together, not for him and his boys to act like toddlers.
&#x200b; i want to request divorce this year, and hopefully be able to make a clean break before the end of the year.
new report finds u.s. employees most engaged at workplace while working as frontman of styx
money has never been a problem because my mom has a very well paid job.
community that came together to pay for kid's cancer treatment goes bankrupt too
natalee holloway, osama bin laden celebrate 5-year wedding anniversary
joy sucked out of room by pumped-up manager
panic stuck and i reached the venue when they were leaving, only to be called out an asshole, and get a finger from her, although her eyes were teary which made me feel bad.
so here goes: turns out in our induction that there is an opening in hr analytics(her project) while nothing is mentioned about my area (career management & development).
however, my father was also a semi famous in our local area (in the late 80's and early 90's) as a murderer.
i can't imagine any of this happening with a little rug rat running around.
eclipse comes just in time to save john kerry from tribe of island cannibals
he hides his passcode from me, and when he thinks i've seen it, he changes it again like immediately.
i am nice to her and offered to give her an extra 20 minutes on her break yesterday because she was stress despite the fact that i work upstairs and only work downstairs to cover peoples breaks.
she made her sled curve like way off the path she was supposed to go on, and then she flew right into a thorn bush.
guest searches hand towel for low-traffic area
anyway lately she’s been coming to me and asking me to translate for her to other people.
sparked by our misunderstanding, we had a chat about cultural differences.
perfect girlfriend blames self for everything
(for a bit of context, we're not struggling for money) it's possible that maybe he thinks i prefer the discount flowers as i always gush when he gives them to me.
we’re both very forthcoming with feelings or gripes we might have with each other.
transformer refuses to change back into volkswagen
report: countless invasive species detained in epa black sites
dying newspaper trend buys nation's newspapers three more weeks
ss was caught and given adult straight time.
i drive a 2009 bmw m-series with the truck and back seat filled as best i can with sub-woofers.
am i the asshole for falling asleep?
caresses her son/my husband’s hair, rubs his face, holds his forearm.
neil gorsuch vows to interpret constitution using scalia's original intent
personally, i thought i was going a perfectly reasonable pace as i was trying to not to crease all my clothes, but whatever, i’ll pick up the pace a bit.
family infighting apparent in funeral guest book
so the issue is with my friend.
congressional candidate forced to explain controversial 1971 'fuck everything' remark
and yes, i'm in it mostly for the sex and intimacy and little else.
i got really impatient and i went and pushed him off the board and he belly flopped into the pool.
makes me feel left out, you know?
dry, flavorless cupcake disappointing to last bite
scientists finally figure out what hats do
sometimes she decides to hang out with me and the kids and we hang out together too.
aita for getting into such argument with her mom?
despite that, i can’t lie and say i feel guilty.
we've been together four years now and she's an artist and was just offered a residency that's close to her home.
she struggles from depression and she functions differently.
when my wife finally asked me if something was wrong, i let out a sigh because i knew this was going to start a fight, and i said in an annoyed tone, "she almost got poked in the eye".
your son has a superiority complex that i believe has been fueled by you.
last saturday we went on our first date, and did all the normal date shit, we watched a movie, got some dinner and whatever.
so to set up some background, my brother (we’ll call him “mark”) and i are super close; he’s one of my closest friends.
- then i wish they would tell me that.
i told her i didn’t like the thought of her dating anyone else and especially not texting them while we were on a date.
tl;dr at the bottom so i lived in a four person apartment this past fall semester (two bedrooms, a kitchen and a bathroom).
man stuck in no-man's land between two domino's delivery areas
report: friend doing sober january must have really fucked shit up over holidays
new york philharmonic hosts open-mic night
a girl i dated a few years ago and i have remained good friends since our breakup.
united airlines cracking down on emotional support spouses
wibta if i go to this party and leave her at home?
wibta if i threw them out?
man who bought 34th anniversary reissue of fleetwood mac's 'rumours' feeling like real idiot after passing display for 35th anniversary edition
i had a few people round and we likely were louder than normal.
child on first day at refugee camp misses dead parents
at said bar he asks me if i want anything and i say water.
however i normally don't explain this to people, i just tell them i am allergic to the foods and can't eat them (regardless of whether the meal is cooked or not) as i don't like most of these foods anyway.
\-so i snapped at her too "i am calm.
so, please, give me some outsiders insight.
report: breathing can extend lifespan by several decades
i've paid her back 4,000 so far, but as more stuff comes to light about our past (including booking a hotel without my knowledge, and telling me she was at her friends place for the weekend), i'm highly inclined to default on the remaining amount.
i call a lyft, and show up to work.
man prone to lying beds woman prone to lying prone
wal-mart greeter knows exactly how many blacks in store
so he's been watching and one day he's looking at his phone and randomly yells, "damn!" , and i ask him what's going on.
me: i'm sorry mom, i didn't mean to be disrespectful.
aita for being annoyed that my mil laid on my bed?
on each end of the hallway is a bathroom we share with the closest room to it.
my mom said it was a song about flirting) when you said that that song implies date rape, and she threw a fit about how her rights are somehow being suppressed bc someone in california doesn't want to play a song on the radio?
i don’t want to pay her because she’s a huge racist and i don’t see it as my responsibility to pay her.
my internship crashed and so did my education.
i kept thinking that after we started the new schedule, things would be fixed.
it was one of those "will they, won't they" friendships, and our whole friend group approved of it when we made it official.
&#x200b; anyways i brought it up to him that i think it would be nice if he started pooping in the downstairs toilet which is far away from our bedroom.
owner of cheap motel fixes sign to flicker just right
then he gets mad calls us ass holes and says he’s not playing for beer anymore but he’ll still play with us if we stop being sticklers about the rules.
her mother gave her another phone, and she dropped it in a water pitcher (hooooow).
dhs: individual al-qaeda operative assigned to each american family
time passed by and 3yrs fwd (today's day) pain began to grow to other parts: vas deferens, prostate, itchy rectum, night sweats, pains in the lower parts of my vertebrae and other symptoms.
what do you think about this?
u.s. navy creates cool new 'ping' sound
disney world mascot could use a fucking vacation himself
\-------------------------------------------- there is more but wont post it unless an update is requested.
i answer and she moves onto how much she loves cruises and all the cruises they’ve been on.
i responded by saying i probably did, but don't remember (it was afterr i worked 9 hours, went to the gym, and had dinner, so i'm pretty tired and was just focused on showering at that point).
family upgrades to shells & cheese
report: some shithead out there makes so much more money than you
jon hamm to overenthusiastic fan: 'you're ruining me for everyone'
i sharply responded i said no such thing, all i’m saying, this lifestyle is unhealthy and “you’re sick” and we need to do better.
i was fucking proud of him.
when we started seeing each other we had agreed to keep it secret from our friends because they're the type to make it a big deal and neither of us want that, and it's easier to avoid any drama that may arise with my ex.
although, our close mutual friend did say alex would defintely be mad, but that alex had made advances on one of his ex girlfriends.
i tell him to wait, as i'm playing, he tells me to go at once and i ask for him to wait again.
i texted today and jokingly said “dude!!
i understand he loves the game, but we had made plans to do at least something for our anniversary.
that's the only reason we've been engaged for so long.
aita for dropping out of school?
ape footage causes brief three-and-a-half-minute interruption in channel-surfing
i offered to make time to practice coordinating with some other people, but they never really got back to me about it, even after saying repeatedly that they would.
now i want to preface this by saying that i'm in this class to get experience and education for a proper job while i work my way to med school.
trump announces 40-month-long search to fill fbi director post
it's hard work being a stay at home mother to two children.
coworker hastily leaves break room to avoid 'here comes the boom' spoilers
man going to show up to launch of j.k. rowling's new book dressed as severus snape anyway
lifeguard hoping to make up for last summer
she’ll even get on top and ride me, which is just not a thing if she’s sober.
adjusting several sliders on recording studio's mixing console pays off big time
author of 'introduction to algebra' recalls textbook being rejected by 12 publishers before getting accepted
it makes me feel like i’m the hired help that will just go along with his schedule regardless of my needs and the needs of our family.
i try to tell her this to convince her to wait a little longer, but she just reiterates her ultimatum.
i apologized immediately when it happened...
she said i was her first true love and that kind of just made it all worse.
report: more children being raised with religion of pushier parent
jupiter's liberals worried about their ammonia footprint
it was my ex's birthday not too long ago, a surprise party was thrown for her.
fast forward to a month later, we're going to the movies.
it has not been mentioned since but i had heard that the birthday lady cried afterwards and does not like me anymore.
he doesn’t feel the need to “switch it ([his study habits]) up”.
but girls mistake guys' names all the time during sex right?
i asked her if we could order them, she tried backing out of buying me my balls (which she later said she didn't back out).
she couldn't go without me because the hotel reservations were in my name.
there's a girl in my class who keeps whining about her being fat and that its a "disease".
'c'mon, c'mon,' says matt damon desperately searching for own name on list of imdb user dolphinsoul60's top 100 actors
a general summary is that she raised me to respect authority figures, especially her.
then he comes back saying the same things, and i told him the same thing, but he just kept coming back.
should i talk to her about it?
some small details are changed to help that too.
my friend thinks i shouldn’t take it because i already paid with my debit card and don’t need the change, and that i’m just taking it for myself for future use.
onion social ceo caught by law enforcement at miami airport with $800,000 in cash
i have little trouble finding women, but in my life ive only had two "girlfriends".
russian man just pretending meteor shower the reason he's bleeding from face
they had some sort of holiday coworker family day.
the reason for doing this is that often the mentally challenged person is loud, has bad personal hygiene or is just generally unpleasant to sit next to.
it did not end well, we ended up having a fight but at the end of it we decided to sweep it under the rug and forget about it.
some context: my mother is the typical narcissistic mother you usually see on r/raisedbynarcissists.
so i roughly found out where her boundaries were.
strange, nightmarish incident results in man waking up as giant kafka
'scooter' libby wishes he'd ditched nickname before media coverage
my mother recently passed away and didn't really have much of a will other than for my two brothers and i to split things evenly and not fight.
hes so oblivious that he demands us to call him either goku or darkfire instead of steven because we have multiple steves in our class.
recently, a friend of ours did the same thing and was treated significantly differently.
silvio berlusconi transferred to steamy all-female penitentiary
so, i'm not the most popular with girls, but i try.
i honestly felt a loss of freedom as i am in a big city that can be a bit dangerous, and even on my days off i had to constantly check in with my host family so they knew i was safe.
she told my fiancee to fuck off and that she would make a terrible mother to our child.
women: why don't they lose some weight?
in the group we have all known each other for at least five years and i've known kelly since grade school.
fast forward to 3 hours later, i'm facetiming with my girlfriend and casually mention having watched the last episode.
wibta for breaking my so's heart w/o notice?
all of man's time-wasting websites exhausted before lunch
we also found more dog poop in our yard.
my clothes, my hair, my lack of friends, my schooling, telling me that i was faking my panic attacks and that all i wanted from my parents was attention...
heavenly authorities arrest god for leaving children in overheating planet
pantomimed lasso motion fails to pull woman across dance floor
apple releases brief, fleeting moment of excitement
my mother in law heard her and she barged in the bedroom without knocking on the door, turned on the light and asking what's happening.
michigan gop passes legislation rerouting flint drinking water to governor's mansion for incoming democrat
i tell her that i just got back from dinner with some extended family for my birthday, and invite her to my place to watch a movie with my roommates and i.
tumor-covered chester cheetah apologizes for role in marketing dangerously cheesy cheetos to children
she offered to reschedule this week.
bored gop vetting rand paul just to kill time before viable 2016 candidate emerges
son conned out of allowance for seventh consecutive week
she has come to terms with it as her wanting to control the situation while still reliving the rapes, so that she has more power over the memory.
additionally after the first time she rejected me we never really talked about it so there wasn't ever really a sense of closure, so i was hoping by talking we can close things up and move on from there.
he must have noticed i got quiet so he asked me if something was wrong.
and i will probably have fertility issues due to medication.
report: majority of married people get up and go to second family's house as soon as spouse asleep
i basically cooked, carefree, whatever the fuck i wanted and felt okay with doing that because i felt a lot of these guys who were 'picky eaters' were really just being childish and hiding behind their autism diagnosis.
innocuous thing you did in public prompts inside joke that bonds group of teens for life
scientists working to harness energy produced by intense fracking debates
sometimes the water is shut off in the morning and we are not even told until it happens”.
nra says mass shootings just the unfortunate price of protecting people's freedom to commit mass shootings
exhausted mueller trying to find trump organization russia documents amid thousands of harassment lawsuits
first thing that popped up on amazon was a 3d printer for $170.
aita for being mad at my friend recommending another person for the same job i'm going for?
he often burns nuts and cooks weird things like yogurt.
new mom self-conscious about scar where baby punched its way out of stomach
the marriage was good (6 years), nothing major beyond normal quibbles.
there’s also literally no childcare anywhere near here.
i don't love him any less or find him less attractive because of it, but i don't want him touching me down there.
condé nast launches 'the new yorker for black people'
biologists unveil new taxonomic system classifying species by hotness
i want to be far away from my soon to be ex-wife and my kids.
aita for not letting my mother's friend stay in my apartment for a week?
one of the friends who wanted to go to this was saying "well that's not a problem, you can translate", making the assumption that i'd be happy doing this, which i'm not.
i don't come off masculine to her?
so, knowing this, it was incredibly important for my brother for her to come to the wedding.
two days off where i can get back to myself and feel like a human again.
report finds koch brothers increasingly falling under control of influential, high-powered trillionaire
i keep my camera and emergency roadside tool kit in there, along with some other less than lethal equipment.
went from being sad and disappointed and thinking she was not good enough because i did not ask her out, to an almost sadistic state.
it's five years in, we just had our first baby and a great marriage but the guilt just eats at me night and day.
watching tv or a movie is a different story but when we're in bed i want her to be focusing on me.
ns/nd/c/dwf wondering why she can't find someone
busy mom wishes she had enough spare time to fuck cia director
and lastly, i don't believe i'm close enough to either of them to get involved in their relationship like that.
my mil has terrible hips, knees, shoulder, you name it, it hurts.
he never knew about my existence and she didn't tell him that i was the reason for the breakup.
and the idea of calling my step-mom “mom” just doesn’t seem right anymore.
which leads me into my next point.
i only know this because a told me every single thing c said about me after a broke off their relationship.
i appreciate her help but i would rather do it myself in the way that i like than it all be messy.
she did eat supper which i passed on, i was too pissed.
on the other hand, i realize it's probably culturally insensitive to demand that kind of explicitness of someone who comes from the very conflict-averse japanese culture.
new study finds 'the onion' has never been more popular, more beloved, or more respected
i wrote out all the details because i tend to forget what happened if i get really stressed with a confrontation.
aita warning on discord so the other day i was on discord in the #general section of the server when we started talking about big chungus (the meme).
i'll keep this as short and sweet as i can.
he has phone alert settings lets him know about any transactions that day.
maple tree wishes it was given a say in becoming memorial to man's dead wife
should she really be locked, and i banned for questioning this shit?
it also annoys me that he has to add 20-30 minutes to his day every day to help with the physio but that's a separate issue.
we were removed from class and she had wanted to fight like i had predicted.
i grew up with high protein, low fat, low calorie meals all homemade.
sweatshop laborer's child loves her irregular finding nemo sweatshirt
- to support my 20-year-old brother who checked into rehab on the opposite side of the state.
he has always held me back in my professional life, for two years.
i used my own defensive maneuver too which is part of normal gameplay, but i never brake blocked him.
aita if i didn't like how he asked?
family hesitant about sinking another 40 grand into repairs of dilapidated old grandma
i regret saying that but in the time i was upset.
naacp calls for more diversity in police lineups
but then he sprints away .
if prompted he could upgrade the ring but i feel like if i need to tell him about it i could simply upgrade it on my own.
mercy hospital turns away uninsured patient
employees from other department announce plan to ramble on about fucking nothing right next to your desk
that night i go to sleep with a stated-multiple-times "no i'm not okay with this".
trump takes moment to thank all the fear in audience for making this night possible
he’s 22, he has the right to be there and drink.
she wouldn’t back down from that point & kept pressing it, which really made everyone uncomfortable.
moby provides long-range, blurry photo taken through window to prove he currently dating natalie portman
anyway, she recently pieced together that a lot of her guy friends have the same story about me, and she got really pissed at me.
by consequences, i mean continued corruption, embarrassment on the world stage, legislation that turns back any progress made over the last 30 years (i.e.
gingrich desperately trying to court people-who-vote vote
unfortunately a common occurrence is that people further back jump up when the plane lands and push up in the aisle.
my ex girlfriend and i broke up at the beginning of the year, and i also started talking to her a attractive cousin a few hours later.
and what money he does have he probably got illegally.
-sil is recovering well (conscious, eating, talking, etc.) at hospital (3 hours from work) with mom and employee’s wife at bedside.
man appalled at date who lied slightly more than him on online dating profile
aita for insisting they speak in the local language so i can comprehend?
hillary clinton wows russians with poignant chekhovian monologue
i went to an (american) college football bowl game today (for non-americans it's a football game between two teams who normally never play against each other at a neutral site stadium as a reward for a 6 win season, gets the schools more money).
you should know that honesty is a little hard sometimes.
disapproving michelle obama to be printed on all fast food containers
she can use her own salary for whatever she wants(she's saving around 40-60% of it).
it's also important to note that we had a mild friendly competition about grades to see who could do better but i always ended thing with "i'm glad you did well on _____x______ and you deserve it".
could you guys help me decide?
architects of 2026 market crash just finished a highly productive lunch
tire salesman to hit them with a little razzle-dazzle
report: 79% of sincere thoughts played off as jokes
sasha obama orders secret service agent to stop squirming during makeover
recently, my trust has recovered to a degree.
daytime-talk-show mixup leads to 1,000-pound- man makeover
gop debate stage manager pulls ladies' podium out of storage for carly fiorina
sweeping new labor reforms allow foxconn employees to work in inhumane conditions from home
i couldnt comment because the thread was locked.
i simply made the argument that even police officers are human and are subject to errors/mistakes and got instantly annihilated by multiple people for it.
this means that the rest of the class could be in a completely different point in the course for themselves.
'make daddy die' whispered into build-a-bear
mumford and sons take home coveted 'vest of the year' grammy
this has happened more then a few times edit 5: coming back after a day i've learned that anyone who says yta is basically just yelling free karma while everyone who disagrees gets downvoted.
white house releases moving statement honoring woman who called obama an arab in 2008
senate wins fight to lower allowable amperage levels on detainees' testicles
normally i'm a goody two shoes, but at that point i was willing to do anything short of an ass beating (had to think of my visa) to get back at this asshole.
i demand to see her phone, and after refusing several times she eventually gives it to me and i find out that she has been cheating on me with her coworker since before i reconnected with the girl.
edited to add: i did not use tears as a manipulation tactic, i became upset during the confrontation, i've had a few comments that were unsure of this, so i wanted to clarify.
i told her that i want my things back that i bought for her then, seeing as i was essentially being tossed away.
someday, we started arguing at the class group and, probably because i have a bad relationship with almost everyone, they sided with a and started offending and laughing about me.
i then had a day where i basically decided i had done enough practicing/improvement, i was gonna play competitive.
we bought it specifically for the completely fenced in, large backyard because we have five dogs and i have a toddler i don't want to take outside 5+ times a day.
end of year comes, and they are crying that they didn't pass in 5 subjects and how they'll try, and how they should've looked for help and i just can't help but cringe.
oh boy, i lose it there, i punch in in the stomach and he starts yo get all angry, full of himself.
we're all local so running into each other is expected.
that, and there was an instance when she claimed anxiety to not come to a get together only to go to the mall with work friends instead.
few drinks on the weekend and going out, but really we love playing games on the pc extra.
finals time rolls around and we have a pretty big final worth 40% of our grade and he's making online flash cards.
nation's economic recovery hinging on success of diet vanilla coke
harvey korman cracks up denny's waitress
my boyfriend is small 5’2 to be exact with feminine features he said he never looked like a boy and that caused him great distress as a kid but he never felt that he wasn’t a boy.
gun used to kill man in city
bush urges iraqis to pass amendment banning gay marriage
he’d spend way more time with this girl than with his guy friends, even though they weren’t even dating.
but i forgot about it and now that it's come up again, this time it isn't getting out of my head.
i just kind of went with it.
troubling report finds dreamily sliding down back of door after kissing date on porch plummets 78%
aita for having a sleepover with my (21m) friend (22f) and not asking my girlfriend (20f)?
it is clear that he believes opposite-sex marriages are superior to same-sex marriages.
however, whenever she does come home for someone's birthday or christmas, she always drops off a couple of lottery tickets as presents before she heads off on her way.
his sister is extremely angry with us for not coming to her special day, she feels abandoned, but she does not want to budge on the no children rule, so it is what it is.
22-year-old fuck complains of age discrimination
long story short, i ended up breaking up with my boyfriend of 7 months.
despite this i wanted to try and normalise the situation.
then turned around and texted her saying that he felt alone in the relationship and that she didn't care about him.
hence, if one person shakes the desk, the whole row is shaken.
he acted like it was a funny joke and says i’m overreacting.
mcdonald's birthday party to be happiest time in child's life
aita for dating a girl i don't intend to marry?
my roomate also works with me (bad life decision moving in with someone you work with, for me at least.) yesterday he told me that he expects the full months rent, during work, in front of coworkers.
9/11 memorial curators decide not to display swastika formed by twisted girders found at ground zero
report: vulgaria may possess flying-car technology
got a notification later that the whole family had deleted the chat.
hillary clinton pleasantly surprised after finding old $20,000 donation check in coat pocket
aita for calling my bf out in public for not washing his hands?
man at party comes crawling back to conversation he thought he could do better than
i tell them that that would be inappropriate and that i think they know that would be inappropriate.** **my coworker then, without my permission, goes back to them apologises on my behalf for stealing the chair promises to give another seven dollars and comes back and tells me that i have to compensate my other colleague for the money.
i woke up the next day feeling fine about it all, while e unfortunately are having some serious regrets.
in our friend group, brian and lola (not their real names) have been dating for about two years.
they must’ve followed someone through the gate right as it opened and took my spot while i was gone.
lifelong newport smoker barely alive with pleasure
breaking: waiter picking up napkin with bare hand
she let's me know she has arrived and is setting things up for my arrival later, asks about things i might want, and warns me about the weather at her location.
anthropologists discover ancient greek super pac that helped shape first democracy
he has told my whole family and some family friends this too.
nope, all their children's medicine is homeopathic, but ironicly not their adult medicine.
she still refuses to speak to me 2 days later.
aita for pouring a drink on my mates girlfriend?
nevermind the fact that this was always during heavy lifting.
white house increases security after man shows up at oval office looking for obama
trump boys beg father to nominate g.i. joe action figure cobra commander for va secretary
the last two years have been rough, admittedly.
[here]( is the link to my comment on the best of post (where you'll find the link to the update) that contains everything in it's edit, where i posted the message between me and the, in my opinion, abusive mod.
i don't plan on seeing her, or talking to her that much, just becasue i'm not much for doing that stuff, but she still me, and seems to be a bit upset.
&#x200b; edited: formatting for easier readability.
i should mention my mom let us live in her house while we are looking.
there are a lot of you that showed incredible empathy during this time, and some of you that showed none at all.
a few years ago, my sister watched some documentary about cows and decided she's not going to eat meat anymore.
overwhelmed new grandparents finally feeling what it like to love a child
&nbsp;&nbsp; edits: i'm adding some things about the story that i forgot intially.
i recently moved into my own apartment because of his anger/control issues, but agreed to try to work through this with him while he works on his mental health.
she wouldn't explain nor expected apologies or an answer.
fetish only realized after watching wife drown
poll finds americans still fiercely divided along charlotte brontë–emily brontë lines
looking for a little wisdom on how i could’ve better handled the situation.
now by indian buddy started following a joke jock at our school.
my girlfriend and i have been in a distance relationship for the past 9 months.
they told me they didn't want two of everything and to tell my boyfriend to take it all.
4) it just seems like every time i do something that brings me joy, it infuriates my boyfriend.
i sent him a text saying happy thanksgiving and to arrive before 6pm.
i explained this in a group chat to my friends, they were all like u skived lol, whatever cos it's not like we didn't and it's not like it matters (we missed 3hrs each of lesson time).
tl;dr : my parents are going through hell because of my abusive and disrespectful brother (who’s going through some mental issues), but can’t move out due to some external issues like national politics.
there has been serious conflict throughout my life with my parents about my behavior and sexual desires.
my gf of almost a year really wants to buy a realistic dildo.
i realize its ultimately none of my business but i can't help but feel upset on the behalf of lola.
asshole moves to part of city where all the assholes live
assistant uses cake to smuggle cake-decorating set to martha stewart
our lives right now are very busy and i know if we split up neither of us would want to get into another relationship before then.
next i just wanted her to stop sending me those things: "just stop sending me nonsense like this", i wrote.
the tree guy told my wife that he thought the ground back there was 'too swampy' to move in his big equipment.
bush's eyelid accidentally nailed to wall
so, what does this sociopathic slug do next?
usda just doing quick smell tests to inspect all the backlogged meat that piled up during shutdown
at the end of the year had asked her , "do you want to be my girlfriend?" and she said "no.".
especially when you are providing an experience that requires an internet connection and proper matchmaking.
it's just weird to me that becky seems to expect this much of me and the other bridesmaids.
her dad calls me from her number, saying i ruined his daughter's birthday.
nation's outfoxed sheriffs shake heads, throw hats in dirt
five-year-old convinced dinosaur bones are buried in backyard
man pretty sure he could run this company into ground way better than boss
my friend and i both came back to my uni accomodation a little drunk and he was thirsty.
she said sure, she will do it.
for me, coming from parents who never nurtured or cared for me, it is really frustrating to see her not appreciate any of the many, many things they do for her.
report: this week's all fucking hell breaking loose projected to be 30% more insane than last week's complete shitshow
there was a back and forth on wether she was my manager or not.
drooling imbecile rocks back and forth in delight while watching arby's clap back at burger king on twitter
to date, my boyfriend has been open and agreeable to this arrangement, until this week.
report: ants having some kind of party inside crack in pavement
they started our meeting apologizing to me after learning how hurt i was by their words and how i felt targeted.
she's told our friends that i am a gun nut and a psycho, and she's demanded either i get rid of the gun or i move out.
as for my daughter, she’s been fairly quiet today, which is unusual for her.
shocked dzhokar tsarnaev always thought classmates were really great judges of character
i scrambled to find a ride, to no avail.
cast, crew of troy begin disastrous 10-year journey back to hollywood
my rational is that because he doesn't have any passion, dream, or even general goal in life besides playing brawl stars between classes and venting after failed tests his life carries no particular meaning or continuous narrative.
the rest of the night was somewhat awkward and we ended up just going to sleep.
study: depression up among teenage girls able to perceive any part of world around them
when she said she “couldn’t afford” to give me more than $50 it felt like she was saying she couldn’t help me buy my son christmas because she had to buy it for them instead.
but even a broken clock is right twice a day (unless its digital ) &#x200b; my current thinking is that grass & astroturf is a functional yard cover , that is meant to be walked on , played on, etc.
i said “they are very tricky people.
i admit i was unemployed and used her wedding as a distraction from how badly job hunting was going.
pillow that survived man's tossing and turning stares frozen in horror at fallen comrade lying on ground
i thought 4 days with the family would have been enough, but not the whole week!
i let him believe this for couple of days until i saw what my lies was doing to him.
there was this guy who parked his car right up against the entrance to the shortcut ( a little wider than a person) and wouldn’t move his car on the excuse that “you could just squeeze around it” except, you physically couldn’t because he was ~ 2-3cm away from the fence.
but those 3 times eat at me sometimes.
what happened: so we have a fairly common rule that we must ask for days off 2 weeks ahead of time.
briefly put, his parents no longer speak to him and his sister refuses to speak with him expect in therapy.
am i an asshole for wanting my shit back, while also inadvertently ruining her long distance relationship?
universe ends as god wakes up next to suzanne pleshette
l.a. adds lanes for cyclists to recover from getting hit by cars
'rolling stone' offering readers 3-month free trial period for buying company
question: aita for i) being angry at what she said ii) cancelling the pre-planned appointment with her?
i sat down with her and talked with her to calm her down, but i after i defused that situation, i went back to minding my own business for the day.
i don't know if i should apologize to him, or just let sleeping dogs lie.
report: one guy really fucking up 4-way frisbee circle
car ended up getting towed and the emts bandaged my nose and plugged my nostrils to stop the bleeding.
cardinals host going-away party at pope's favorite vatican city dive bar
homeless man has nice summer tan going
5-year-old reluctantly lets crying mom sleep in his bed again
she said it made her feel like i didn't trust her and that friendship was based in trust.
the safeguards to restore trust were apps recording my calls and tracking my location on my phone.
to this she stated stop harassing me.
she had a falling out with her family which is understandable because they're abusive assholes.
i told my sister that she needed to take him out of the nursery as it was a serious thing to have occurred.
she was absolutely horrified and offered to pay for the full cost of the laptop.
$85,000 in fertility treatments result in miracle
violent death of human being terrific news for once
study: 58 percent of u.s. exercise televised
my mother the other day said this whole thing is childish and i need to apologize to s, frankly i feel betrayed by s why should i apologize.
i was horrified by what he said after.
i’m broken every time i see my grades.
not to mention the fact that this rejection is sabotaging my therapy as i have had more regressive thoughts this past week than in the past 4 months.
this is something i didn’t really think i’d have to ask myself after 3.5 years of being with my so.
as a gesture of good will i pay for said lunch.
she told me that she mourned for my dad too, that she always appreciated the things that my family has done with and for her, but that she felt that the last thing i needed while mourning was for her to cry too, that she wanted to be my rock at the time.
again, i'm not saying she doesn't have anxiety, or that it can't apply to the family situations specifically.
stuffed-up congress allocates $250 million to destroy pollen
she only talks about her weird problems that aren’t really that big.
i still got $40 and i got myself some new shirts from kmart.
guy at bar had similar experience, but better
i could also just try to let her have one last week of happiness and then let her know after the dance.
leaked footage reveals grisly scene where detective pikachu examines jigglypuff's corpse at morgue
i told her i intended it to be my treat and that it was just us (which i though was a pretty clear message it was a date).
i met a girl online and we clicked, and have gone on a couple dates.
the coach said they were not going to offer me a slot on the a roster, or even a slot on the b roster playing my own role, unless i got better.
visionary sports columnist asserts that muhammad ali's greatest fight wasn't in the ring
i don’t personally know him, and i don’t want to make any assumptions about him just because of my bad experiences with his family members.
east st. louis rated number-one city in america by 'poverty magazine'
man catches bad television show going around office
i had a headache, so i went to lie down.
the kid was also annoying me since we went back to school after the break and i finally just burst and hit him.
woman rushes to hide fragile objects, cover up sharp corners on tables before boyfriend comes over
i'd be paying my own way, and as a new driver it's rather high, but id still be paying for it myself.
i don't live at home anymore, so i can't be there to help if she goes onto a depression again.
passage of health care reform brings democrat-republican score to 317,622-318,047
it was last week when i was in an arcade gaming session with a friend of mine and two strangers, one of which is a kid as per title.
clinton not expecting to collect white house security deposit
i take it seriously because it's a big part of my life, everyone has their hobbies and passions and this is one of mine.
saudi prince visits injured yemeni child in hospital to finish the job
the wait was a while at the hospital, and after a bit he messaged me asking me if i was still there.
they seemed ok, they invited me and some other neighbirs for barbecues and everything.
am i the asshole for not letting her buy a realistic dildo?
i did the bestfriend thing and asked her what was up and are you ok trying to reassure her, which she then goes onto to say she needs to do something to rebel against her boyfriend and wanted my help because he can be a really controlling person.
office manager very pleased with new work refrigerator policy
she lives a few states away so i would need to buy a plane ticket, a hotel room, and request time off of work.
when she told me i told her i'd love to celebrate it with her that day.
aita for ignoring a cat in need of help?
senatorial candidate challenges opponent to drop out of race
however door ajar or not, my pizza as in the fridge).
aita for jeopardizing my brother's chances of going to university?
i told first friend he would never have made the server anyways because he lacked the knowledge and didn’t seem ambitious enough to learn how to do it.
my brother and his gf (mostly his gf) essentialy told me that they wanted to raise their child on alternative medicine and that in addition they didnt vaccinate my nephew either...
man anxiously scanning bar's reaction to jukebox selection
the problem emerged when she told me how late she would stay.
sorry if my english is shitty.
like i said originally, i do not currently have classes with him currently, but i absolutely will in the future.
i want full transparency in this relationship.
my pension will max out at around 80% of my salary by the time i’m done.
experts say breakfast now sixth most important meal of the day
delayed rocket launch causes astronaut to miss connecting flight
i'm doing pretty well in finance and mathematics and those are topics i never cheat in because they require i use my logic, not my memory.
i added a comment with a little more of the background from my perspective if people are interested in reading/judging that as well.
ethical hunter throws duck he shot back into sky
many times miriam sent comments or direction either very vague or simply incorrect.
i was hurt but understood that we have drifted apart the past few years.
friend whose mom just died allowed to pick pizza topping
&#x200b; well, we argued a bit but nothing major, then we went to pick up mother in law to bring her over to our house for saturday night to sunday night.
rwandan refugees angered over lack of aol access
25-year-old moving into comfortable, rent-free arrangement in parents' home worried he's hit rock bottom
meanwhile i've been trying to become my own person and stand up for my own interests, even if they're not her best interests.
she's always been a little bit ocd about germs and cleanliness, but she just told me if i want to hold the baby i will have to get these two shots.
the problem is that my boyfriend already **hates** my cat and makes it clear he only deals with her because of me.
man who didn't get joke acts like he did
nation not sure how to describe mark
struggling american airlines to shutter air passenger service to focus on 'american way' magazine
i don't want to link to the game to protect my anonymity.
we sent a picture of the bike every 30 minutes or so, but it turned out none of the two looked at their phone the 3+ hours they were together.
westminster dog show finalists form elite iditarod team
i have four sets of grandparents, and i have had a lot of arguments with all of them because they are generally stuck in the mud types of people.
she said they had already spoken to the b team captain about how mean he was, but i tried to explain that it wasn't just him.
anyways i have this suspicion, that she actually cheated on me and either doesn't want to tell me directly or i am actually paranoid about nothing.
i work in an office environment.
i’ve had 4 jobs already that i’ve held for months or until the contract ends.
picking thing up from apartment floor rescheduled for thursday
they told me they'd be monitoring my accounts and if i tried to contact this girl, they would withdraw me from school or stop supporting me financially once i'm 18 (they have loans in their names on my education).
huckabee campaign suspended after candidate trapped in briar patch
entirety of man's personal data protected by reference to third season of 'the west wing'
after that he was even more furious and threatened to throw my designer clothes/bags in the trash too.
we have raised our kids and really want to enjoy our time together.
aita for choosing visiting japan for the first time rather than live longer?
i just decided to have a little experiment.
the ipad is logged in with her apple id, and thus syncs pictures with her phone.
i made her uncomfortable on purpose...again i know i'm a dick on this part i know and i feel bad.
i was 99.99% positive that, in this particular situation, i was a big giant asshole which the commenters have confirmed, glutton for more punishment than i have already dished out to myself i guess.
i'll be back later." she expects me to put my life on hold for all of her small problems but when one comes up with me, she suddenly goes quiet.
idk, that was six months ago or something and i still can’t decide if i was the asshole cause some of my family thinks it was funny, and some thinks it was mean?
but now i don't know what to do to fix this.
not even enough for any sympathy.
she informed me that they had all been very busy that day.
motorist overwhelmed by array of jerky choices
but i used the knowledge that she erased messages (she doesn't know her fitbit is betraying her) to let her tell me everything she deleted.
blog post read by mother to shape child's next 18 years
edit2: i just read my edit and i will stay with the word "perv*ert" which i stated out just for showing out my own mistake.
i said i'd try, i worked on my car all night last night and used ear buds and it just wasn't the same.
i still refuse and tell her that i can't do that to tim.
thousands gather to watch losing incumbents marched out of washington
aita for showing disrespect and hostility toward my autistic roommate?
report: women only made up 2.7% of video game bosses last year
i even took the cat to the vet to make sure it didnt have any issues.
my friend actually sent them to her, and x called back sobbing and threatening to call the cops.
that fall the baby was born and after that she moved back to her home state (she went out of state for college) and i got my son.
i’m 22 btw and she is 23.
they got really angry at me, and i can see why, but they've got to face reality.
between this and the ever present family we don’t really have a sex life.
so the act of letting my friend crash at my place is not inherently wrong, it just feels wrong to her because she doesn't like that specific friend.
and secondly, if i am the asshole, how could i have handled the situation better (after liking the photo)?
report: someone probably masturbating to this stock photo right now
naturally, we had a very bad breakup three weeks later when he was flirting with another guy.
but at the same time i feel bad because it's none of my business.
she says she needs a night away in a hotel by herself.
i let him know how awful it made me feel and he admitted that he struggles with a porn addiction and he was too embarrassed to admit it to me.
bus passenger believes she lives in world where curried shrimp is odorless
hi reddit, this happened yesterday and i am not sure if i am the asshole or just overprotective.
aita for being upset about my husband buying diamond earrings for a coworker?
i thought that he treated me with respect at least.
i was asked if i looked it and said yes so as not to be rude, and put them in a bag to take home.
&#x200b; now, this guy is my best friend and i know he would never intentionally screw me over.
how can i devote myself to her and make things up if i have to simultaneously focus on the possible upcoming legal battle which i have no way of winning since i'm bankrupt, sick, without a home, male, and the car i use for work is hers?
aita for occasionally saying, "that's retarded" in reference to a situation okay, so.
huge animal jumps right fucking out in front of area man
earlier today, he apologized to me and he was just sobbing (still refused to apologize to his mom).
aita for leaving au pair host family suddenly?
(if you don't know, it's basically a trivia game, there's questions and if you know the answer, you buzz in).
my wife said she does this so our daughter can assert her independence.
health-food-store worker dies of vitamin lung
i am fully aware of this problem.
i did know i wanted to tell alex the truth, but i didn't call him specifically to tell him the situation.
now that i’m older, i know it’s not normal.
back to my main question: my mother is flying over to the philippines soon and she wants to convince the baby mama to let our family take care of the baby, at least for a awhile.
house condescendingly approves $400 in added stimulus
\[3:59 pm\] me: you are \[3:59 pm\] me: literally \[4:00 pm\] me: making a jab \[4:00 pm\] him: am i giving you a hard time for not going to the doctor?
nation kept up all night by sound of creaking infrastructure
when i first started, there were four other students that started that mod with me and we have since become very good friends.
aitah for asking a religious friend to refrain from praying for my family member?
man given points for trying increases total trying points to 643,457
damning video surfaces of trump accepting gop nomination for president
t.g.i. friday's unveils new jeff daniels barbecue sauce
they ended up getting together and, besides an occasional passing attraction to her that was easily squashed, everything was great in the friend group.
talking which is basically just being friends with occasional benefits.
apparently my sister in law has been shit talking me to my wife whose defending me.
nerd has most obscure crush ever
henry and i decide to go down stairs since most of our group had ended up there.
we have lived here in our new house for six months.
my gf didn’t really consult this with me, and bought the flight tickets for her mom and brother for one week at ours.
word search on box of frosted mini-wheats fucking impossible
study: all american problems could be solved by just stopping and thinking for two seconds
(just to clarify this is not a pure jealousy thing, we each have other partners who the other is perfectly happy with.
aita for telling my waitress's manager she did a great job?
area man meets that special someone else
i wasn't all that about it, but i said whatever, and told him how best to avoid being seen in the cameras to avoid being caught.
i liked the idea of helping her out.
how could she interpret this to make me out to be the bad guy?
'the last jedi' footage reveals chewbacca balding since 'the force awakens'
candidate delighted to be in chair factory
man not accepting any more television recommendations at this time
and if you dont want to be friends with me.
i don't have a lot of patience for small talk.
she is also very kind too me.
now i had had to have an unpleasant interaction with an unpleasant person, have myself characterised as unpleasant, and have another unpleasant interaction with zara.
he has been nice about it, in the sense that he has never given me an ultimatum or been "naggy" about it.
yellowstone places old faithful on 6-month loan to acadia national park
i was complaining about his making me stand at the whiteboard to do the problems instead of directly on my paper.
whenever i got home, there was always accidents because they didn’t train the puppy and i didn’t want to.
i asked him to hang out about 6 times over the years, and he only actually hung out once.
i kind of assume it’s my fault since i’m the new driver, but i want to make sure.
we went to a party and she barely talked to me the whole time.
she's bugging me about it, i would probably go if i didn't already want to do something else.
he asks if she told me what happens and i say "yes she told me.
i'll post the text and their response next.
scott pruitt orders epa employees to stay in office over weekend while it's being fumigated
had the nurse said we should use them, we would.
we dmed the girl to dm him.
finally ex tells me he would never cheat, and i do believe him.
so, she tells me she's pregnant, and i'm completely stunned.
holidays for example i'm ok with seeing her family because its important to her.
i don't know, just feel kind of weird about it.
we've been sort of flirting for about 2, and there have been rumors that she has feelings for me for about 5-6 months now.
a day or two before that, i came down with a nasty chest cold that nearly laid me out completely.
however, giving my experience with the representative of the charity and the fact that she had in fact solicited a donation from me, and even mentioned the exact figure of 5 euro, i believe she did.
she’s an old lonely woman that never had a family and i always try my best to be nice to her, but i honestly i don’t want to be around her for long amounts of time.
i also sent a fake phone call to their home phone, pretending to the the wife's lover.
they'd play a happy little family for 2 weeks while my ex would put them up in the fanciest hotels and take them for expensive dinners.
chorus to 'juke box hero' playing on repeat in monk's bowed head
i told her that i was here working everyday and that they were temporary therefore it made sense that they simply come back for the chair when they needed it rather than me bring it back.
aita my "friend" hates me for ruining his dream so some before knowledge you need to know, this person is manipulative.
aita for ignoring my friend of five years for dating a girl that i liked behind my back?
i also told the guy she was with not to let her spend all his money.
the first thing i notice is that shes wearing a wedding ring.
i live a fairly simple life on a farm outside of my city, i eat food that i grow, i eat meat that i hunt, i drink water from my own source.
weak-willed coward changes opinion after learning he was wrong
this is more complicated than it sounds.
we could stay in town if we did something unique.
but i said that before i do all of this, i will start a go fund me page and tag my parents in it, post it to my facebook for all of their friends to see.
i asked him politely if he could keep smoking outside, to which he replied "that's too inconvenient because it's getting cold." my resolution to this was to get him to ask our landlord whether it was okay or not to smoke inside and he agreed to this.
i don't want her to die early or be in bad health.
should i tell the school that this girl isn’t really as bad as i said she is?
my son is turning 18, and has been accepted into a university, and i'm very proud of him.
inner-city prodigy earns ged at age 11
so, after the party, i confronted them.
weve been dating for eight months and shes very open about the fact that she was raped by her stepdad when she was young.
my dad moved in with this person like literally only a year after they officially got divorced which i think is like way too soon.
lester holt fills in for brian williams during family's nightly dinner
so one of the strippers leads him in (also in on the prank) and starts to give him the lapdance on the chair i placed in the middle of the room.
(again)" "have you sent him any pictures of yourself?" i just left.
seven-foot-tall animatronic rodent terrifies birthday boy
i know he was tired but i feel like he could spare 5 minutes calling me especially if he could spare 30 minutes arguing.
at the beginning of this month i forgot to give her 10 bucks, i forget sometimes and she never made a big deal out of it.
things have been tense, and it seems like he's scared to talk to me or checking himself when he talks to me...
it was forced, my dad's health was seriously declining and he couldn't work anymore, but he'she's seeing a doctor regularly and things are starting to look up for him.
newly tenured professor now inspired to work harder than ever
millions head to internet to figure out their own opinions about debate
hearing this always makes me more angry because even my mom wants things to change.
i totally did but one came back and said its not the volume, it's the bass, can i turn the bass down.
we were dancing around our living room when he stops and looks at me and asks if i’d ever had braces as a kid.
my gf stayed at this college for the rest of the semester, and we tried this long distance thing.
&#x200b; three times over the past 6-8 months she also snapped on me out of nowhere at night, said some hurtful things and told me to "get the fuck out".
i left still hungry, and my sister was crying when i got home.
i sheepishly turned around and said "if being made fun of for being overweight bothers you so much, maybe it's worth losing some of it".
but my friends don't seem to understand that.
here’s the moment: we went on the date and it was a nice evening and we chatted.
i know that she really wanted a kiss when it hit 12.
one day later we met at the park and kissed a little bit top.
for six months, he spent all his time at home on the computer and was unable to find work.
she even checks herself every time and i guess she (nsfw) can't tell the difference between her natural moisture and what i'm supposed to leaving behind.
he’s tried running years ago and his shins would cause him pain so he gave that up.
wolf was nutorious for me for his depressive talk, not accepting any compliments, etc.
smithsonian rejects tie dylan mcdermott wore in 'the practice'
i am fine with her having one, i just dont like the idea of it being realistic.
on the walk back i get a text from my aunt.
today it was girl a, she asked me to meet up with her at the lockers after the sixth hours and from there on go home.
i mostly have it for target practice/hobby, and i don't really want to ruin a relationship over it.
good tips to stand by - carry febreeze, blankets for bodies, and containers.
supreme court unanimously upholds concealed gavel law
&#x200b; after the trip i still am not sure i did the best thing.
this'll sound a bit convoluted at the start, but bear with me.
relevant background, i live in a city with very expensive housing, and i live in one of the most expensive apartment complexes here.
so i have autism and when i'm upset about an argument it can turn into an unhealthy obsession for days.
new ted cruz campaign ad features his kids begging for beto o'rourke to be their new dad
his ex told me that he was very controlling and this was just an expression of that.
when people try to do this, i stay as close as i (safely) can to the car ahead, so that people can’t cut in front of me.
initially i tried to keep work and infatuation separate because i just got hired and it's bad news, but we're assigned to work together a lot and the more i got to know her the stronger my feelings got.
i was in college at the time and it was a very realistic dream that made me wake up shaking and sweating.
i get really close with ivanna and video call her a couple times and talk to her almost everyday.
i just kept saying fuck that guy and she would say that my gf sucks dick.
she insists there was nothing physical between them but only her marriage was stopping that.
don't have a problem with that as such.
anyways, the first few weeks were cool.
church member not the same since unsuccessful choir tryout
3822 voted america's favorite pin number
but i got it disagree with giving him what he wanted.
as always, how would you respond if the first \~10 messages were reversed.
she asked me if i would join her, but as an non-smoker i decided against it.
i’m in grad school and my husband and i have a 2 y/o baby girl.
t.j. maxx job application just asks prospective employees how much they plan to shoplift
aita for living with extended family to go to school while traveling to see my fiance?
i was a gay kid in a very rural and very religious part of georgia so not only was i getting abused at home but also out on the streets and school.
lonesome alito declares marriage only between a man and the sea
john confronts me and says if i ever said anything like that to her again, he will hit me.
well yesterday, her dead beat ex didn't show up to pick up her son but she had to work.
michele bachmann figures why not, introduces homosexual-beheading bill
national weather service: 'don't go surfing unless you can really shred that shit'
there's a girl i've known ever since we were both in my country's equivalent of 1st grade, let's call her a.
friend from college wasted no time becoming white-collar professional
its more of a risk for me if i develop feelings) cons: 1.
aita for telling my class that my friend was bi?
nevada secretary of state unveils new 'i voted' pasties
bernie sanders fills in for factory worker unable to take time off to vote
i was in the kitchen cooking my dinner and she told me so i went back out to give him his 50 cent.
has on occasion tried to get her to divorce me, talks badly behind my back about me.
not only does he keep in touch with someone that intentionally doesnt care about me, he then gets a loan from the offending party that my parents definitely would have given to him no strings attached.
he also told me that im lucky i have a home, and that i'm not abused by anyone etc..
i felt anxiety and nervousness take hold of me.
she said she has to think about it.
you'd know, it doesn't make you feel like yourself.
and that \[bf\] deserves better from you.
aita for hiding candy in the store so i can buy it when it's on sale?
so, if they ask direct questions, i answer them directly, but i don't update them every time i start dating someone.
when i asked him to come with me to pick up the pizza he made an excuse he needs to feed the baby which his wife said she can do so he is free to go with me but he still didn't.
u.n. tribunal swayed by thousands of children's letters to milosevic
newspaper starting to worry spending so much time on facebook not healthy for it
debrief: i wrote the original post from the opponent's perspective.
fey rights group demands distinction from homosexuals
it kinda smelled like play-doh, too.
people can adopt dogs and all, good for them, but i want a gsd puppy that i’m going to raise and love with all my heart.
where i live and with the job i do, speaking spanish is very useful.
it's like i'm the only one getting upset and now i'm starting to think i may just be the asshole and everyone else has accepted reality when i can't.
he’s always seemed very relaxed at work, but at the same time pretty private.
right now she's a waiter hoping to eventually find a job in her field.
i subsequently brought it up in a conversation with friends and the people i brought it up to expected me to going but i never was.
we laughed about old times and reminisced about past adventures.
i tell her that i felt pretty uncomfortable with what she'd been doing, and she says that i should've said something.
my wife has a brother who is much younger than her (he's 14 years old).
shes single (and ready to mingle) and i have a very new boyfriend.
she wants to know what is "really" up.
they are there temporarily over the christmas period so i knew they would want it back before they left.
invasive restaurant franchise spreads to third state
i have a tuned subaru impreza wrx sti that is my hobby, my transportation, my life, i'm more comfortable behind the wheel than i am in my own bed.
so at about midnight tonight it was driving me insane (my little sister was crushed) so i went over to her house and jumped the fence into her backyard to go check her bins for the rabbit (when her dog killed the first rabbit she said she would chuck it away until i told her not to because i knew my sister would want to bury it next to our old dog).
i am aware that isn't "nice" but she has no work ethic so sucks to suck.
camera falls out of love with melanie griffith
caged saddam to be highlight of inaugural ball
&#x200b; so, am i the asshole here for acting like this?
back to the present day, i have now basically been exiled from the group.
i went home, and i haven't spoken to her that much since then.
he won't seem to see it from mine.
we considered getting a lodger and one of my best friends (let's call them j) was looking for somewhere at the same time.
man at park who set up table full of water cups has no idea how passing marathon runners got impression they can take them
obamacare helps uninsured americans become blindingly enraged at insurance companies
he ended up screaming at the top of his lungs to the point that i had to keep telling him to quiet down and when he wouldn't my drunken self kept putting my hand over his mouth to try to shut him up.
kerry takes frustration out on lobster
most girls will take the pill or have an implant, and that's that, because when used right they're usually completely effective.
sec replay official overturns 'roe v. wade'
and note, this group chat includes the dude a.
i haven't contacted her after that, but last night my ex texted me saying not to message his girlfriend or talk to her, he wants nothing to do with me, and he just wants me to leave them alone.
he puts in the time, but it's all his mindset i think.
i said fuck you and you’re dead cousin and we ended up arguing.
instead, i said "surprise, your friend who doesn't like kids thinks your son throwing a temper tantrum because he got chicken nuggets instead of tacos is irritating and confusing." i definitely know i was abrasive.
aita for calling my girlfriend out?
i explained how i felt blamed for things that aren't my fault.
we talked about it for a couple days and i told her i was willing to do it if she was, and she decided to give it a try.
i have an amazing girl that i’m completely in love with.
i woke up this morning with a text from my girlfriend saying she was annoyed with me about my posts on twitter and facebook.
my boyfriend thinks i'm being petty about $20, but it's not really about the $20.
toddler really yanking on penis, report wincing sources
(fuck you, lazy ass etc.) since i am the only one working fulltime its also just wrong.
however there are a few stretches of the sidewalk that are fenced on one side and a busy roadway on the other.
the jokes are definitely "edgy" but we aren't lynching people.
&#x200b; edit2: for clarity (because the title is misleading).
world covers ears, chants loudly as epa releases ozone-depletion statistics
aita for throwing an unwanted party?
increased violence leads state department to issue advisory for americans traveling to 1861
area man needs two more trips to best buy to beat xbox 360 game
i make $24/hr as an emt which is way less than i'm worth with 19 years of experience.
she thinks she is really calm and chill and self-aware.
i know it sounds superficial, but i just don’t think i would be sexually attracted to him if he is bald.
ice agents feeling a little hurt that trump doesn't think they're doing enough to terrorize hispanics
'it was fine,' says man following visit with only people on earth who love him
he’s not a student at our school, so she cooked for him, cleaned for him, etc while all he did was live off her.
10-year-old first responders rush to bike crash scene to check out tyler's fucked-up leg
after several calls they basically told me they didn't have time for my bullshit.
patient referred to physician who specializes in giving a shit
scalia recuses self from capital murder case, citing double homicide he committed in '80s
i wanted to see if they actually listened to what i told them before.
unpublished twain autobiography rails against youtube, bp, war in afghanistan
we live together in a smallish house and her family are a very big part of our daily lives.
i found myself only thinking about him lately and i found myself wanting to hangout with only him.
aita for maybe being a choosingbeggar type?
i just never really thought about him as gay and i don't think he's really healthy enough to be in any relationship.
that being said, i have a very close friend from off the island.
this is where i had a problem.
will i be an asshole if i refuse to pay her and tell her to go shove it?
some fans irrationally hate her and botch about her a lot, i do not hate her but i may have been mistaken as one of those people.
2012 was once considered hottest year on record, man in 2024 remembers wistfully
last night i just wanted to hang out with my old friend (who also doesn't think i've done anything wrong) and he said i'd best not turn up, as he was chatting to the team captain and she said she needed time.
exhausted john kelly parks president in front of episode of 'tucker carlson' to get quick hour to himself
i get a job and i have practically nothing to wear so i try to ask said friend if i can borrow her clothes but she isn't there a lot of the time.
she informed me that she is not and has never been or wanted to be pregnant.
ive also found out they have a poor environmental record.
that all i care about is money.
she said "no, i popped them out of my vagina." i apologized and that was that.
burmese python just as freaked out that it's swallowing entire toddler
also, i didn’t literally force her to juul and get addicted.
sorry for bad english in advance, not a native.
she is close by and as she dropped her car off for repairs.
this has never happened before and i spoke to her and asked her if she can put herself in my shoes and while she agrees that he was being disrespectful, i should have not said anything to him.
so, i got fed up with her calling me changed from saying "what" to saying "mom".
&#x200b; week two, shes in on monday morning for half a day then has to go to college, that's fine progressing skills getting qualifications dont have any problems.
aita for telling him to do his own work and sending him shit to get him to finally shut up?
she was livid that i gave her eggs with 5 missing and the opened gallon of milk, and walked away from my door saying some pretty nasty things.
i am very calm and peaceful now and honestly going to confront him (doing something about it instead of letting it bother me) felt really good.
aita for banning depressed people from a streamers twitch chat?
man basks in triumphant glory after purchases line up to exact value of gift card
peta condemns bbc for trapping thousands of endangered animals inside tv screens
i was leaving early one night but told ted to help himself.
tip of area man's tongue refuses to relinquish richard crenna's name
this time i didn't want to hold in my anger for my older sister so i told her how i felt she was controlling and abusive to me and it has taken me a lot of work to find self-esteem after being constantly put down by her in my childhood.
but why should i do that?
i was shocked and screenshotted them, showed them to my friends, and sent them to my mom and myself.
i don't want anything from her.
vacationing man misses own remote control
i explained that to her and she tells me that they don't accept paper ids or expired ids (which is funny cause the card id i had a couple weeks ago expired in march and she personal accepted it).
chipotle mayo doing all the heavy lifting in sandwich
he would treat my mom like a servant and would threaten violence against my father if he was angry.
i tried not to let that permanently condemn her in my eyes, and dismissed it as a careless mistake.
the plan was for us 2 to go to an insect museum, and meet our trip-sitter(t)there.
aita for thinking that i'm too old for a babysitter?
he eventually chalks it up to his 'bad memory'.
my family brought me home made oreos dipped in chocolate and they were disappearing way faster than i was eating them.
part of them is she is really sweet and overall just a loving and caring person and we also totally match sexually and have amazing sex.
self-conscious flasher fully clothed under trench coat
her response if that she'll call her mom to pick her up.
excited white house staffer sends parents 'new york times' article quoting her as anonymous source
i went on facebook and found and animal care group 2 hours away that said they could take him, however they messaged me back the next day and said they couldn't take him until next week.
$5 million bounty placed on recession
i was on the phone with upd when after 10-15 minutes from the original text, b replied saying it was her.
i feel like an asshole for clinging to sleep when we had both been excited for this romantic date and made him go on his own when he didn’t want to.
my dad was someone that she sat down and ate dinner with.
i get i overreacted but after days of no1 agreeing on anything and not helping at the last minute planning i got a bit pissed off.
dnc keynote speaker definitely not keynote speaker only because he's latino
first of all, let me excuse myself for all the mistakes in this text, english is not my first language.
ryan zinke apologizes for misuse of government funds by sending ethics committee $160,000 vase
&#x200b; note: the restaurant was nearly empty, other than the one customer who had just walked in, and one person sitting down eating.
i am really not comfortable with this.
saying things like "leave it here or she'll take it, she doesn't need to know." forgetting that the car is mine, half the thousands of dollars in movies (ex is a collector) are mine, and don't forget the collectables i'm leaving also priced in the thousands.
after that, she got really mad and blocked me.
4 out of 5 texas dentists advocate the death penalty
this was her convoluted way of telling me “no, i’m not going to help you, it’s too late.” i misunderstood.
sasha obama asks father why he was acting like such a pussy during debate
average i'm late maybe 30 minutes sometimes hour.
he thinks the way to peoples hearts is with toys.
but she has never been drunk before to my knowledge.
reddit, do i need to apologize, and aita for calling her arrogant?
secret service's prostitution scandal did not affect president's security, white house adviser madame chartreuse says
she also worked out frequently, and ate healthy, and not just because i enjoyed it but because it made her feel happy (her words).
paul reiser, benevolent possessor of many american hearts, looking to direct
bf wants to tag along and i said no.
therefore, we need to go home and clean his car out because it's a total mess and we need to fit stuff into it.
recently a situation happened where i asked my husband to prove nothing was going on.
my friend is 20 and lives with his single, divorced mom (41).
i seriously considered not going on the trip at all in protest, but ultimately decided to go.
he starts asking me about them and i give him the silent treatment for a few minutes before telling him to not look into my trunk.
&#x200b; now, about 3 weeks ago i started a new job.
some days, i would go over to his place after work to hang out.
she doesn't even seem to get why kissing someone when we were basically dating (i know we weren't official, but still) is a big deal.
grandma pretty much unmoved by threat of not seeing grandchildren
he commented on all of his old pictures including the one about him breaking up with his ex.
am i justified in being upset at what x said, or did i deserve anaphylactic shock?
it mainly started when i started trying so hard to be conservative and follow the leader.
i definitely feel like reaching out for her but would my friends be upset or angry that i was choosing her over them?
kavanaugh claims he never committed sexual assault as it will be defined after future supreme court case
genuine happiness now seen only on game shows
i guess i needed a place to vent and i hope everyone is honest about what they think.
my brother in law isn’t but his friends and family are all so annoying and hood.
whole museum visit spent feeling guilty about moving on from paintings
real world producers still looking to fill eating-disorder slot
national geographic finally captures rare shot of antelopeater feeding
we met when she went to my town (she lives in another state) and we ended up spending two nights together.
he doesn't even know i know, and i don't want to tell him, i just want to end it.
she said she wanted to let me know and that she really liked this boy.
i got a bit annoyed and asked that people stop opening the curtain.
but anyway i wasn’t invited and i had a word with him but he wouldn’t invite me.
he said that he couldn’t come after an hour of me texting and calling him to ask where he was and if he was calling.
during this time a few girls who worked with the school groups transferred into my department for the summer.
i just got reminded of it and was curious as to what yall think.
handlers constantly reminding gingrich to stay on uninspiring, belittling message
i understand that her behavior seems to indicate that's the case, but the fact she didn't immediately mark my messages as read made me feel as if she had intended to answer at first but didn't know how to.
but i can count on one hand the number of interactions i've had w/ &#x200b; &#x200b; her: because he is entitled to his own opinion...
boss able to seamlessly blend constructive criticism with personal attacks
avenue 1 = i had walked up the girl and directly asked her if she was pregnant in front of her friends.
she became very upset upon finding out that i was still in contact with my ex, even though i feel it was harmless.
you are right, i dont control her body at all, however i agree with one user about entering a committed relationship and so does she.
why should i have to suck it up and lose money?
remember: we agreed to go dutch before ordering.
tl;dr: i generally try to avoid people with mental disabilities because the complex social issues around those interactions make my anxiety/panic get really bad.
i can't believe she would think that of me.
she wasn't very pleased so i let him know that she doesn't want him smoking in tbe apartment.
i used to get a little tipsy during family christmas to take the edge off, and i'd participate and try to stay out of everyones way, but everyone acts like it's such a huge fucking deal that i'm drinking on christmas.
secretary of education under investigation for falsifying hall passes
a mutual friend said she has feelings for me, which i basically laughed off, since imo, we did the deed, and are pretty much done.
she had to leave because she had work the next day, nothing happened then apart from getting her number.
governor approves 24-hour waiting period for women voters
she didn’t say she had feeling for me, but i felt that what she said was pretty much the same thing.
so things came to a head a few days back, when she (on one day's notice) told me she had to go on another 2-day work trip.
aita for getting mad at my boyfriend for being too gentle during sex?
this leads mike (my neighbor) coming to my house and demanding that i reprimand my daughter for “being a whore in his house.” i was astounded.
i found out later that he had done something similar to someone else, except when she broke up with him, he ended up stalking her and pinning her down and forcing her to have sex with him.
apparently she worked a double shift so she wasn't home all day and evening.
so yea, i resent these bitches quite a bit for how they treated me and another student in the class.
'i'm going to hell for laughing at this meme,' says man going to hell for helping little sister get abortion
again, i don't mind contributing but had i known this was something i needed to do today, i would have done it today vs.
rolling stones kick off 'sing our songs for us' tour
i(28) am truly in love of her, but i don't want to be imprudent.
woman buys lingerie to spice up bottom of underwear drawer
my friends forced me to consider the possibility that she had no feelings for me, and whether friendship was an option.
aita for calling my so stupid for getting sky?
not even a week later, they told me they trust me again and gave me everything back.
i'm not sure exactly what the deal is.
she was freaking out running around my place because she thought she was at n's loft and the layout of my place confused her even more.
i honestly see nothing wrong with it.
all you could hear was a loud fucking bang and i looked over to my friends, and they fucking dipped and were running for their lives.
is he being immature or aita here?
'wheel of fortune' contestants hit hard as vowel prices skyrocket
religious conservatives argue adam and eve would never have been banished from eden if they'd had guns
what could i have done differently?
my mom asked me what was wrong, i told her that i refuse to say christmas and that patty is freaking out because i call the holiday giftmas.
i got desparate for an hour.
that frightened me quite a lot because i didn't feel like i did anything worthy of such affection.
adolescent girl reaching age where she starts exploring stepfather's body
aita for being frustrated when my girlfriend falls asleep as the superbowl is nearing i'm wondering about this: often, when my girlfriend and i (both in our early twenties) do something in the evening that's rather passive - like watching a movie or tv - she falls asleep.
anyways, as it's been getting colder, he started smoking in his room and even in the living room.
tlc producer wants list of 100 fucked-up families on desk by end of day
aita for pinching my sister in the traps (trapezius muscle) as i was waiting for my truck to warm up to get food, i suddenly see my dog out on the road.
man always taking good mood out on friends
nation's ninetysomethings gear up for last year of their lives
normally we get along fine and she was super excited to have me stay here during the holidays.
so, i'm currently going through a rough and lengthy divorce that just won't seem to end (long story i can try to explain if necessary but it's not really relevant to this), and have been seeing one of my closest friends romantically for 6 months now.
maybe super boring thing to bring up.
so i was mad because he deviated from a pattern unexpectedly and said it in a weird way.
michelle obama to dnc: 'after this election you dipshits are on your own'
taylor swift now dating suri cruise
'going steady' in your words.** **e) if we are regressing to casual dating, i would like to resume seeing other people.
my partner had asked me in our previous conversations about cheating whether things were resolved, and wanted to be connected on social media before her trip.
part of me thought that i should take a hint that she wasn't interested, that she didn't owe me her time, and that we would be happier if i gave up on her.
so i've been friends with my buddy, alex, for a while now.
i will usually roll up a joint and go walk around on the sidewalks smoking.
he told me because he said he'd rather have me find out from him than somebody else.
middle school janitor can already tell he going to have to befriend new kid
then we start making our way to the school.
i order a large serve of ribs and a juice and the conversation is below, slightly paraphrased due to memory but essentially the same: server: you know if you get the meal it's actually cheaper.
report: annie sabatino's boyfriend like 23 or something
rolex unveils new diving cuckoo clock capable of working up to 3,000 meters underwater
pat robertson says pie not delicious
a close friend (28f) has a 4 year old son.
i appreciate that my husband has a good relationship with his mom.
that's not like him at all.
i emailed l, asking if it was a fair idea and if so that if i should go ahead and ask housing if it was even possible.
up till now, things are going fine.
on top of that, only 2 of the speakers are even from the graduating class, the rest are under-classmen.
taylor swift now dating watertown boat
one drunk night a few weeks ago he told me he had questioned his sexuality a lot.
so i simply told him to hurry up.
my family definitely isn’t poor now, but we definitely can’t afford to buy airpods, iphone xr’s, and expensive sneakers like the other kids.
the day came and he asked where i would like to meet up.
it's only through snapchat (pictures with text/without text) but it's every single day.
chinese government asks entire nation to pose while millions of surveillance cameras take photographs
i know her love for me is much more important than any cigarettes in the world.
biden calls dibs on qaddafi's clothes
aita for making my girlfriend block her boy bestfriend who happens to be her only friend?
michael jackson hires magical anthropomorphic giraffe as defense lawyer
aita for wanting my wife to help me learn spanish?
did i make a big deal out of everything?
once the media room closed i was forced to move to the library to work on one of the four nicer computers with the software.
i would always say stuff like, “yknow it takes humans about 6 months to fall in love, maybe wait and see if what you’re feeling is right?” i was trying to delay more stuff from happening.
basically she was free a lot while i was worried about my mom and because we lived so close we ended up spending a lot of our time together just hanging out.
so here is the question: aita for leaving room for a car to pull in as i approach the exit ramp, and when someone tries to cut in at the last minute, i quickly close the gap and force them to miss the exit?
fbi: six dead not really 'mass' murder
we have an adorable five month old baby.
immediately the kid starts to have a screaming tantrum about how he doesn't want to sit next to strangers.
i guess maybe kind of a minor asshole for putting her in an unuexpected and socially awkward situation since she didnt know them.
he explained that i keep him up at night when talking on discord or listening to an audio book before going to sleep (unless i'm sleeping in the same room as someone i prefer not to wear headphones when i go to sleep).
all y'all urged to go fuck yo' selves
tl;dr at bottom my parents have always been strict about movies.
he didn’t get back together with her, for like a week.
now him and some of our mutual friends are pissed off at me.
netflix receives 10 emmy nominations for season 4 of 'wings'
true to my word, i had contacted child protective services and expressed my concern to them.
exciting new app allows users to be pawns in 26-year-old ceo's little game
taco bell to offer discreet purchasing charged under 'tbfoodsllc'
she took it upon herself to take the wallet and buy many mcdonlads breakfast meals as she could with the cash and hand them out to hungry looking people on the street afterwards she put the wallet, with all the cards but no cash, into the nearest post box.
i used to keep a savings account secret from my ex because she stole about 3 months worth of my income and i wanted to have an emergency savings account.
he then walks over to my ps4, which i forgot was still on, and threatens to start deleting my games off of it if i didn’t get out of his chair, saying it was the same principle, since he owned the chair i was sitting in.
i share a house with my current boyfriend, a, who i’ve been dating for about three months.
doesn't appear like the parents are trying to stifle it in any way.
salad rendered unhealthy in three steps
note: i believe that comedy (whether right or wrong) will always create new jokes out of sensitive topics.
he gets into things he's not supposed to and has landed them in the emergency room because they thought he had eaten something dangerous during one of our games (he was fine, but better safe than sorry).
i know that i am the asshole because i blew up on her about it when i should have been calm and should have stepped away from the issue.
but more specifically because i was driving and i could have turned left on neary and taken us to to taco bell or something like that.
but a few of those friends and probably whoever else he confided in probably see me as the asshole since i shot him down with no context as to why.
she is an extremely thoughtful and caring partner and i'm so glad she'll be with me to celebrate my 30th birthday in february.
he tries to get the best for me, even moving to a new neighborhood for the schooling opportunities there.
fda approves new drug for treating pill deficiencies
heartless dutch curators put deranged scrawlings of mentally ill suicide victim on full display for world to mock
her project consisted of clay animations forming from nothing and was sort of a counterpoint to my "decay" work.
the next day in class is when i found out though.
i know i could have braked and got behind the car that i was trying to pass when i realized he was trying to close the gap, but by the time i realized he was trying to do that i was already 75% into the passing maneuver.
aita for not wanting to be in family photos with my step dad and step sisters let me start this out by saying i definitely used to be an asshole, what i'm curious about is if i still am.
apple unveils single colossal iphone all americans can use at once
for those not in the know, double eyelid surgery is very popular, especially for asians.
shes been with the company about 4/5 months and its been ok so far, small problems with timescales but we've been working through them and getting better.
i am not shaming her etc, but at some point if you wear bright cloths and stretch like this in front of a guy, he is meant to look at some point (and i mean look, not stare).
i answer her calls, and shes crying which makes me feel horrible.
are you supposed to downvote tas or poorly written posts?
proposed legislation would require airline seats meet federal ass standards
the cousin also tries to tell my dog to do stuff and not do stuff and holy shit i can’t take it, it’s pissing me off.
i try to justify this with her and explain its important that we go to bed at the same time, because 1.
north korea claims new long range missile has ability to fly right up in the air, not unlike a bird or a fly
coworker loudly typing away like 1930s cub reporter chasing hot lead
local tcby has missed past 2 logo changes
my parents and my siblings come back from their vacation in dubai, and there are only two batteries in their luggage, my dad tells me that he forgot i wanted them, though my little brothers told me that they had convinced him that i don't need it.
buick regal named best vehicle in class for idling outside off-track betting parlor
so today i had told 2 of my colleagues (who i regard as friends) that we discovered that my family member (a very very close one) has cancer, and that the situation is very bad.
it’s really common for students to pick up this habit.
outbreak of va-va-vooms traced to miniskirt-wearing blonde
my boyfriend keeps reminding me about how stressful it was to him and, after admitting i knew i was wrong and acknowledging his feelings, told him that this is an issue i now recognize and am working on fixing, describing the trigger for the situation i identified and how i planned on stopping the same situation from happening in the future.
man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
knowing all this, about two weeks ago i told sam that i might not be able to cover his lecture.
i’m turning 18 and want to stop being treated like i am 10.
he has his car insurance to pay for but other than that, he likes to save his money for the future.
you’ll decide to be neurotypical?”* (i’m autistic, it actually really hurt me to hear that).
she asked me to get her a really specific item and the store didnt had it so i just told her to order it online.
man sadly realizes cramped one-bedroom apartment has enough space to host party with all his friends
and then this asian chick turns around and asks us if we dont think we’re being insensitive to the majority of the students in the class who are infact indian.
it's real" and i was like "ok, gonna check out the 29 to see if you still pregnant".
republicans poised to retain control of senate
last night shit hit the fan and as usual my older sister and i were fighting.
we get on well, see each other often, and have a good time together.
my boyfriend is not much of a going out type.
way too much raised for bronchitis research
they look at each other and think it's a joke for some reason, and give a sassy, tongue in cheek answer of "if you want a drink, you know how to get one." i smile, and ask again, "yeah, but seriously, i'd love to get another one of these.
it's in a very rural area, which is good for me.
indian sweatshop worker has to work in the fucking dark now too
before she got pregnant we were both workout/fitness junkies.
wibta for refusing to get my girlfriend anything for christmas?
styrofoam clamshell hiding exquisite pearl of pulled pork sandwich
aita for heating fish in the microwave at work?
spaced-out flower child groovin' on a doobie wave
&#x200b; i first met that guy when we were both in grade eleven, and although he never fully integrated into my friend group, i was pretty friendly with him and we often talked about random stuff like history (we were both interested) and games.
he had 4 children (all over 20+ years old) and a wife.
&nbsp;&nbsp; the other day tim told me that he has eyes on a certain girl.
edit2:not only it wasn't up to my standards, but it also didn't work, hard to understand, hard to correct...
bank robbers fail to consider o'reilly factor
unpatriotic man does not maintain erection during national anthem
aita for taking a dime out of the take-a-penny leave-a-penny dish after i had already completed my transaction with a debit card?
i forced him up after like 5 mins and took him into the starbucks and got him water, juice and a sandwich.
basically treating me like i was being an asshole to the guy.
researchers discover female frogs prefer mate who knows way around the cloaca
aita for asking for more money after an agreement has been reached?
second amendment a little creeped out by how obsessed americans are with it
i gave her my answer and needless to say it did the job well.
i have gotten into the habit of writing up reports of any confrontation i have in a professional setting from working with a bully in a previous workplace.
wibta if i stayed with her because financially she helps me achieve a lifestyle i would never be able to achieve on my own even though i’m not happy about the sex?
she doesn't stop her tangent for the next 7 minutes, so i realize she isn't going to leave me alone and i take a seat keeping my mouth shut and trying insanely hard not to punch her.
aita for not talking to her after our hookup?
edit 3: another thing i didn’t clarify and probably should have- i feel pretty uncomfortable in social situations with all minorities that i am not a part of or can’t relate to, because i’m scared of making a mistake and offending someone or saying something prejudiced unintentionally.
nasa now almost positive mars is rocky
the sex was great for both of us.
mother comes pretty close to using word 'streaming' correctly
this person means literally nothing to me.
also, the worst injury, i broke my wrist and hand which is currently in a cast.
and he even donated some clothes when he lost over 100 lbs.
some unique private servers get very popular and can even make money.
less than 5 minutes after i regretted it and deleted the post, but the damage was made.
i still don’t understand what i would have to be sorry for in the first place.
i went home in the morning and they stay up all night for me and pissed off.
deal alert: get 'kingdom hearts iii' for free for next 30 seconds while gamestop clerk is dealing with something in back
husband said it wasn’t fair that stepson had a key (he lived with us and needed one) and stepdaughter didn’t.
he later went to that prestigious college and graduated (i believe), so he got his life back on track, but i know that year for him was pretty much rock-bottom, and probably diverted his life-track in unpredictable ways.
she just stormed off and left me to finish cleaning vomit (child got the bookshelves good).
and i don't want you thinking i hate bisexuals or something because my brother is bi and has dated both men and women.
shy congressman wishes other lawmakers would include him in their crimes
“you took it for four days.
relationship reaches point where breaking up, getting married would be equally huge hassle
she said she needed to call me right away, so i told her to go ahead.
he's a child and presents are fun.
(if it makes a difference, it's a publicly funded scholarship and not from his personal fortune).
2) aita for my reaction to the dude?
bearded, keffiyeh-clad jared kushner avoids conflict of interest by joining saudi royal family
it just feels like the whole relationship is me being a teddy bear she can cry on.
other people from our classes would occasionally join us, but we five were the 'core' group of friends who all studied the same subject.
aita for calling my roommate out in front of people?
him: 1/2 just cuz someone called you, doesn't mean it's an emergency.
i've also posted my room on craigslist to sublease and sent the information to my roommates, i get a lot of responses but they do nothing with it.
the problems only continued to get worse.
so i poured a bag full of sugar into his gas tank and disabled his car causing him to miss his flight and stay with me for a few more days.
i ended up waking up in her bed the next morning but nothing happened.
i was tired from the night before and try to get some rest.
still pretty trippy i sat down and was stuck in my head for a bit.
biden tossed out of car passing by white house
the refund will post to your original payment method within 5 business days.
she even told me she cuckolded (with his consent) a previous boyfriend, in addition to having threesomes.
i tell him that he went against my word, and he said that it would stink if she felt awkward at prom, but she also has the ability to leave the group chat if she wants.
i hate him, and i want him to die faster.
my husband and i have a 2-month old who does not sleep more than 2 hours and is still breastfeeding.
roommate cooked enough of gross thing for everyone
before i could do anything the cat climbed up the back of the couch and managed to snatch the bird.
obama, romney urge americans to purchase 'the onion book of known knowledge'
hearing your answers definitely helped open my eyes.
new voting booths lock americans inside for 45 minutes so they can consider decision before casting ballot
now, i am faced with what i think is an impossible choice, but i am leaning toward being with my girlfriend that night because aside from the fact that we'll get to spend quality time together, i don't want her to have social anxiety (or at least face it alone).
from there i would have had a meeting with the roomates to ask whether or not they’d like to try it.
but our other friend said it was "suspicious" and that they were upset i never said sorry for not being able to come.
--this specific moment my father works long days and i shop for the house and i make dinner for the whole house, main food and couple side dishes all the time.
deceased souls backed up at river styx ferry crossing during underworld transit strike
but they broke up when the kid was only 2 and she has always told him that the soldier husband was his father after that.
excited firefighters point out kid on tricycle
but recently (more accurately around the time of the stoneman douglas shooting) on 2 different occasions these guys have asked me a direct question.
a stage in identity development, my wife calls it.
his sister (we’ll call her “c”) and i had a mutual best friend (we’ll call her “a”).
not wanting big drama, i just left and came to a friends house.
inclement weather prevents liar from getting to work
i don’t dismiss these jokes on premise and ridicule the person making them because that’s not polite and it’s a joke, not an ideology.
she started taking my makeup and taking it with her places without asking or saying anything.
it’s been about 2 months since they asked to get back together and i reached out to explain that i decided to go no contact with them because i was planning on asking to start a fwb situation.
duke, duchess of cambridge announce name of third child is louis arthur al-baghdadi
nonetheless, we avoided smoking in the apartment for the first couple of years we were subletting.
we've been together around 13 years, married for 5, and over that time she has grown increasingly less fond of my dad, to the point where she never wants to see him again.
i am a freshman/junior (came in with aa), who lives in campus housing with a freshman and a senior.
aita for telling my friend "fuck off"?
&#x200b; m: when you say that they 'had to run to get out of the way'.
seaworld responds to california drought by draining animal tanks halfway
concert spent constantly verifying presence of coat-check ticket in pocket
i want to live comfortably but it's difficult when i'm paying all of the bills.
aita for thinking my gf cheated on me based of a dream?
as such i keep three guns in my vehicle at all times.
now my brother and his wife is deeply offended, that we didn't attend their birthdays.
man knows unsettling amount about nationwide age-of-consent laws
because after that car another car pulls in with a couple of women in it (i only know this bc of the result, i didn't know who was in the car at the time).
someone may as well write me a letter and say its from my wife, but neither the penmanship nor the thought behind it was hers.
fbi can't bring themselves to bust guy torrenting every season of 'picket fences'
i made a sorta passive aggressive comment that i would find a sub since main roster apparently had better things to do, and i got told they just couldn't make it.
secondly, i think if you're entering the highway its your responsibility to get up to speed and judge if the cars that are already in the lane are going faster than you can speed up to in time.
wife and i came into some nice inheritance in mid 2018.
she also offered our youngest some “clay to play with”, which she did, equally enthusiastically.
14-year-old collapses under weight of corporate logos
hope for the best!" i have only met this guy once and i don't know how close he is to my boyfriend nor do i know why he told me this.
i think shes sort of open to it at first.
alabama forced to release thousands of sex offenders after inmates deny charges
they also said that i should have done my target practice on strangers instead.
before you say something, hear me out.
however honestly i did fall for s even harder during this time period.
i've been cheated on in almost all of my passed relationships so i obviously start to worry but i don't tell him.
second, they could have potentially damaged my car.
so i've been going out with this girl for a few months now, nothing super serious but we did have a little fling last summer so when we started dating we jumped to seeing each other very regularly pretty much immediately.
amish woman knew she had quilt sale the moment she laid eyes on chicago couple
66-year-old 'washington post' reporter hopes he liveblogged state of the union right
included in there is exposing ourselves to other people (obviously aside from medical shit or locker rooms) and especially without talking about it beforehand first, this was a dealbreaker we both agreed on.
she somehow knows i'm not feeling the relationship, and decides to transfer to my current college back home.
according to my friends, the girl found out about the question, broke down crying, and ran out of the house.
i let kelly tell them the story whereupon the other guy reacted basically the same way as i did.
unclear if shirtless man in black-and-white film once considered attractive
however, recently (the past few months) ive had trouble performing.
the next day i see in my bank statement that he still hasn't canceled my card, so i texted him about it and he told me that he would cancel it and pay me back.
i was hospitalised for mental health issues earlier in the year.
alumni furious over high school's constant improvements
we don't touch our retirement; our long-term saving goal right now is *solely* to make a cross-country move in the next few years so we can start a family in a place we really want to live, and short-term goals are a few minor home renovations and a new vehicle.
apparently it was her bridal shower that she had been planing for months.
because of this, we have been at odds over this issue, our relationship is great otherwise.
overpopulation concerns force u.s. to reopen south dakota
cg: i can come back tomorrow if that's better.
&#x200b; we decided the next day to just exchange the ring and i just picked it - which i hated to do because i wanted him to pick it but i thought i had done a better job of explaining my style..
i had to text my brother and cancel.
theoretically i could try and get her contact, introduce myself and my problem, but i don’t think that will ease her mind and i feel like i should just talk to my ex as it is about him and he knows about all the history and the gravity of the matter.
aita for having a nude agreement?
i know what you're thinking (the truth will only be more pain, dont do it) to which i would disagree with you because in retrospect i could know that it wasn't my fault, the truth set me free.
rare autographed portrait of jesus purchased at estate sale
two-thirds of high- school marching band just pretending to play
revolutionary new alarm clock for the deaf uses no hammers
paul ryan confident american people will warm up to tax plan once they realize life a cruel and meaningless farce
gummi bear emerges from digestive tract unharmed
aita during this exchange with my long distance girlfriend?
my other friends expressed how surprised they were that i would seem 'normal' and milo would be totally out of reality while we were both on the same number of tabs.
my husband is very sensitive about anything to do with his kids.
i have no idea where the line is, but i’m sure is somewhere.
i think that if you think that other people are less than human because of traits they can’t control than i think you’re less than human.
on the other side of the ditch was a slight incline upward.
i don’t do well with confrontation, which is why i was happy when she seemed to speak to me regularly when she would stay at a friend’s place which was in our neighborhood.
this was actually helpful in case this kind of situation happens again.
in her mind i am playing favorites and i am making my youngest feel excluded.
edit 2: i’m not trying to justify my actions more than recount my actions and the situation.
the next day i walked him to campus counseling, and they admitted him to a psychiatric hospital for a few days.
swim couldn't help but to get on and say fuck that dude, he a rat who got what he deserved and dont put him on a pedestal just cause your one of the friends he didn't betray.
i was too scared and didn't want to ruin our friendship.
they're both nice people and they both seemingly really like each other.
up-and-coming local band signs two-cassette deal
she is not obese or really that overweight, shes a little chubby thats it.
she actually defended me and they broke up the same day.
so am i being an asshole?
clinton reminds new yorkers she moved there hoping career dreams would work out too
there was this one science class that everyone including myself hated.
&#x200b; i have a feeling i know a prevalent question that will be asked.
this is something i still think about every now and then, and still am unsure of my actions.
i then threw some panties (new obviously) in the drivers seat and left as the alarm went off.
the only issue is when we're alone and she starts talking about it i get aroused like crazy.
she said i never went to events with her and she would just have to learn to "lean on" someone else instead of me.
report: al-qaeda may be developing 'dirty soldier'
boyfriend and i had plans to go to his (our) friends house for tea after we'd both finished work.
mike pompeo defects to north korea after learning about kim jong-un's torture program
she is one of the few people i tend to lower my guard around and let loose with.
the fact that it's hard work was the main reason i didn't want number two, and part of my argument was that i didn't think she would be able to handle it either.
area woman almost imagines taste of peppermint mocha on tongue but stops herself
i just started to think about him and realized how boring it must be for him when i can't talk to him or do something with him because i'm busy.
glandular problem forces man to eat fifth helping
he ended up texting me, and i was as much of a dick as i could be to him.
fearmongers, warmongers gather for annual mongering conference
fruit of islam cause man to soil fruit of looms
it’s my bad, and i expressed as much.
i was going to talk to my friend away from this kid, but i couldn't help myself and put him on the spot and started to question him ....
to start, when i was three months old, my mother passed away from horrible lung cancer.
brain-dead americans defend brain-dead florida woman
so fair enough, i was on the phone with my dad and we talked.
when i got to the car where my sister was waiting, though, she tore me a new one for being about 15 minutes late.
america's love affair with ally mcbeal ends violently
i spent a few more weeks not talking to anybody, and then i just started showing up for games and stuff again.
we do not really share many similar hobbies or interests, so i don't find talking to jeff entertaining.
i feel like i am stuck between a rock and a hard place here.
wedding invitation includes depressing map to church
i am saying am sorry while trying to not laugh.
3 cups of coffee confident they can take man's anxiety from here
cambridge analytica offers 75% off all facebook user data for blowout closing sale
paul ryan: 'the comments donald trump will make over the next few months are regrettable'
karl rove ensures republican elected as student body president
it took me 8 minutes of explaining and re-explaining why lis would not go until she finally gave up.
all of us guys are drinking a bit, and the government shutdown gets brought up.
a friend texted me over the weekend about how to do a specific part.
i try to make amends, tell her it doesn't matter, the chicken doesn't matter.
that's about 140ish people, all singing together, having a good time, and it always sounds beautiful.
in june i got my older two phones and my ex refused to pay for any of the bills.
aita for making a girl cry after confronting her about my feelings for her?
goddamn findings fail to support researcher's hypothesis
'avengers' sequel picks up where first film's profits left off
that would still feel like we're kicking her out of the game deliberately which we are not trying to do.
i'm a high school senior who is graduating in june.
chinese citizens observe 25-year moment of silence for tiananmen square massacre
she smiled and said it was all okay and moved her legs.
i worked at a place for a year last year.
she is unhappy and now sulking for my lack of support.
i am in medical school on a generous scholarship.
the fact is the aggressive play style works.
u.n. weapons inspectors thoroughly unimpressed with yemeni weapons
the coach asked him to stop and he told her “sorry i just have terrible aim”.
mother still yammering away under her tombstone
aita - fiancee wont admit she has a child hi all, &#x200b; so 13 years ago my fiancee had a baby she gave up for an open adoption.
aita for objecting to my wife's work commitments and the burden they place on me with respect to child care?
aita for not wanting to share?
roy clark deep-fried in beer batter
so, this is a delicate situation and i feel bad for the kid that she's lying to him about this.
one example of which for perspective, is one of her sisters asking her for a lift to the shops which are a 10 minute walk with her three children for a quick shopping trip, then leaving them in the car with my her to mind for **an hour** (which she didn't say she was going to do) whilst she went and did whatever shopping she needed to do.
best thing that ever happened to area man yelling at him about socks
boyfriend’s friend wants to stay out of it as she thinks it’s between madison and i.
mental health experts say friends giving away possessions could be warning sign they planning on moving
nutter butters 'ruined forever' for nutter butter factory worker
i'm done trying to make friends with that guy.
a $5 blanket (literally tag was on) and a pair of fuzzy socks from the dollar store.
not because our players are bad, but a lack of coaching.
i guess they viewed me as some sort of an older brother figure because i read them stories and played with them when their mom was sick a few months earlier, but even so i didn’t just magically have responsibility for them.
girlfriend's birthday weekend a nightmarish, labyrinthian journey through her darkest, most depraved desires
seating mix-up puts tony bennett in middle of slipknot
just to clarify, this is my place, i covered all expences seeing the are small (bought the place and its all paid), and money wasnt an issue.
i just want the extra level of security here.
woman shows hairstylist example of haircut she wants
incredible 'business-man' has salary of 10 regular men
now that man has heard about barack obama, he sees references to him all over the place
millennium actually starts in 2001, terrorists note
in a moment of weakness i took her phone while she was out of the room, and snooped.
in the past, he'd made fun of her (not to her face) for her never having tried most fruits or common foods.
especially since the dog they complained about is dead.
fast forward to september, he's a 24 year-old freshman going into a com sci program at our local university, and i was going into my second year of software engineering.
i heard someone come inside and thought nothing of it.
i ended up crashing the car into a post.
we are pretty chill wg and it pays off over time.
political pundits surprisingly good at getting inside mentally unbalanced shooter's head
it's halloween soon and we're in college so of course she wanted to go out to party.
my daughter is 11 and has recently started at a new school.
but you may want to seriously reflect your role in developing your son’s self-aggrandizing behavior.” me, a few hours later- “i’m sorry if i offended you.
aita for wanting to sleep at night while my wife takes care of our newborn?
about a month before the dance g confronts me and tells me that i need to ask k to the looming dance or that he will.
the younger one took a second to realize what had happened, sees my smug face, and then he too was on the floor, shirt over his nose dramatically.
last sunday i met her again and it is now pretty clear to me that she is going to break up before going on exchange.
cat stevens declares jihad on james taylor
then she started breaking down and crying.
i know she’s under a lot of stress because of his injury.
i explained it to him and he said that he just wouldn't speak it but it's too late!
so to give a little backstory, my father and his girlfriend have known each other for around three years.
i thought it was odd but gave him the benefit of the doubt.
i use her as motivation because i use to have a similar attitude as her and i want to improve myself.
it honestly just felt like my other roommates had a very "fuck how you feel, you need to pay" mentality.
lindsey graham can't believe he left cd with campaign song at red roof inn
report: caucasians will soon be a minority in their own goddamn country
aita for wanting my partner to get fit but not to fit?
but for a whole year, we were able to keep the smell from collecting in the walls by putting the fan in the window whenever we smoked.
we argue about whether his behavior was rude and he tells me he is "not an uber." what?
however, after i already got here, madison let me know that she won’t move out until i pay her back for the security deposit she put down when she first signed the lease.
passenger assures flight attendant he has opened emergency exit dozens of times before
he is poor because they won't supply him with money due to his drug habit.
we grew really close to the point where she started throwing the word best friend around.
queen elizabeth frantically trying to preserve european alliances by arranging great-grandchildren's marriages
i want to win, if you're not gonna play better, i don't want to play with you." i just want to win.
i mean, some ambience is okay, but people being a nuisance is not okay.
so, some of girlfriends’ extended family have gone on holiday, and they have asked my girlfriend and i to housesit their house for them, to which we agreed.
i don't think he has the understanding of human nature to think he's gay (kinda one of the symptoms of aspergers).
he was mad, and we didn’t talk for at least a week, but he still wouldn’t tell us what he was doing at that time.
whether or not you know anything about their mental state (which, for her privacy and because i didn't think it was fucking relevent i didn't disclose) is a really shitty thing to do.
public urinator gives passerby dirty look
my aunt is still in contact with her sister (my mother) and she could set up a meeting between all of us so it’s possible.
palin brushing up on foreign policy at epcot
fork manufacturer introduces fifth tine to accommodate growing american mouthfuls
area man gets in one last night of sex before breakup
though she’s a big part of my hobby, so i can’t just stop all contact like i’d prefer.
giuliani spotted sleeping on new york city subway
unstable man plots to bring guns to schools
tim ryan attempting to stand out from other candidates on debate stage by wearing blue power ranger costume
she said she's taken in some shots and pretending to be drunk so she won't be given more.
while i am away they come to the store claim it was stolen and pressure the other guy working there into making a 7 dollar donation out of his own pocket.
she sees them and gets this huge smile on her face and tells me to "watch this." she starts rolling her window down and starts opening up her water bottle.
my family never agrees with me on anything.
michelle obama: 'well, there are 8 years of my life i'll never get back'
not long after she invites me out to an electronic club with a friend of hers.
john kelly denies any knowledge of staffer's misconduct that will break in few month's time
study: more couples delaying divorce until kids old enough to remember every painful detail
man straight-up demands to know how many siblings coworker has
i couldn’t even finish the episode i was on, as soon as i asked to finish it at least (and then said it’s not even scary this new season), she stormed out swearing at me.
now that this is suddenly \*real\*, i am a little caught off guard and also pretty sure i don't want my girlfriend going on an international vacation with two men.
college roommates to continue bonding process until real friends made
my sister looked at him and said, "i think that's a girl." i looked back at him and he had boobs.
thursday is the same, hear nothing, couple more messages sent and phone calls from both the office manager and our supervisor go unanswered.
man going to take edge off with decades-long slide into alcoholism
report: 10 million killed annually by stepping out of comfort zones
it's healthy to be told you're flat out wrong every now and then.
&#x200b; tl;dr i did not return for spring semester and left my kitchen appliances in my apartment thinking i would be saving my roommates money and time.
aita for sending an inappropriate masochistic 9/11 joke to a sensitive friend?
pieces of glass cut up my face and my leg, and my lip got busted.
we are still doing all the fun activities that we used to do as a couple.
when we leave, i reckon they'll still get more money because the rent control will reset, but if they wanted to bother evicting us, they'd have cause regardless because of the sublet.
they didn’t want my girlfriend to come.
he got angry and said that he'll poop wherever he please.
he has bad pancreatitis that isn't responding to antibiotics, and prostate issues caused because my mom didn't want to get him fixed.
scott pruitt defends use of 1st armored division for trip to dry-cleaner
i told my mother i want to think about it, and may choose to just rent a separate house nearby for just us instead of staying in the house she rented.
i'm also 100% a "cis" man.
no one at porn site responding to area man's bad link report
we talked about getting married after college and he was supportive of my unconventional career choice.
i am very angry by this, and confronted my roommate about it.
in fact, we were able to control the smoke to the point where when my mom dropped by, she couldn't tell.
i know this type of stuff makes him happy, but i think if he stays at home and just plays video games he will continue to be depressed.
i used the opportunity to work on the basics of social skills, e.g.
i said that that was what i assumed and i didn't say anything to anyone about it and just ended up forgiving him.
everyone else congratulated him but i sort of gave a smirk and didn’t say anything.
liberal activists encourage citizens to call their late-night hosts and urge them to oppose tax plan
i mentioned this to everyone but they still wanted me to drive.
new drug offers hope to infertile inner-city teens
i was raised by a single father who was a police officer who drilled the anti-drug sentiment into me.
i told my ex that the kids said no to his offer and would prefer to spend christmas in town like always.
the assignment is due wednesday but i told them if they don’t pick up the pace tomorrow i’ll do the assignment solo and leave them to hang.
you only get one life and you should try to find happiness.
bus passenger really getting into stranger's nursing textbook
i just remember growing up my mom would let my sister watch me but not my brother.
in response to this and after consultation with my flatmates, i've decided i will not be having my weekly telephone call with my mother this evening.
i've never cared for the guy despite my best efforts.
becky had opened my message but not responded.
'look at all the tiny houses,' whispers trump as jet reaches 10,000 feet
anyway, i live about twenty minutes away from b and she lives about a two hour drive away.
man somehow overcomes alcoholism without jesus
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend over her ex?
i literally get mad everytime i see them.
helpful waitress asks recently seated couple if they've eaten food before
aita for hitting my fiancee's child?
i agreed since it made sense for my local friends to go directly home and not waste time dropping me off if jane and kevin were going to the airport already.
murphy brown: still on the air?
i want to call a shelter to come get her since she's becoming a problem for the neighborhood, and because i'm worried she'll get hurt.
because, honestly, she ruined my life and stole my childhood from me.
i also chose to visit shutins, and basically spend time with them.
but sometimes, i lose it *just* a little bit, particular in the face of people who are, in my eyes, mouthbreathing idiots.
we get in and his new bed he's been waiting for has arrived, i asked if he'd like help and said no, that i could go sit down so i go and lay down/ space out on his couch while he starts putting up his new bed.
this was my mistake i know.
enormous grace slick threatens california coastline
early on i drew basically only late game cards and mid game i drew cards that didnt do anything for me.
then around 10:30 am he is like blasting rap music from his phone speaker while he was on his way out to work or whatever.
town hall audience member asks clinton to quickly pivot away from his question and then state her platform
so now my black friend is mad at me.
they were poking each other and pointing at me while making a judging face, as if i couldn't see them.
internet to reduce e-mail delivery to 6 days a week
well about thirty seconds later i hear the kid say that he has to go to the bathroom so his dad asks me get up.
i came back to nothing from him.
hazing incident ends in tragic joining of fraternity
aita [34f] how i reacted to my husband's [38m] immaturity?
four months ago, i met a girl on tinder (she’s 22, i’m 23).
in another subreddit, public freakout, there is a video of a white woman sitting at a table who tells the woman recording that she doesn’t want her to sit by her because she had dark skin, and that she would prefer that america be all white.
she doesn't know much about analytics, so that makes my job much simpler, because i can pitch in, talk to partners about her project details and implementation which she cannot do.
national friends alliance vigorously defends right to have great time palling around with buddies
'new york post' publishes report exposing alexandria ocasio-cortez's 9-figure social security number
frontier mother just wants one nice family photo that doesn't end in fatality
we have all been playing games together for about 2-3 years on xboxone.
chili's customer who just finished ribs platter given complimentary hose-down
uneasy détente forms between man sitting on patio, bee
last semester my mom and dad both got very angry at me about my grades since they have never been so low.
so i park my car in front of the guests gate anticipating to get in a few seconds behind one of them.
i continued to retract my statement.
teen study bible found to increase fun of religion by .03%
however i get that he wants the best for his kid as well but i resent how casually it was raised and how his son responded so casually to his dad's question.
russian orphans devastated after realizing trump tower meeting not about getting them adopted
-we are talking in study hall about what career paths were gonna take.
beyoncé quickly releases new song about how buying tidal subscription most empowering thing a woman can do
where he then responded with nothing but “today’s resort fee is comped, you’re all set” and promptly walked away before i could say more.
twitter creator on iran: 'i never intended for twitter to be useful'
3) i play instruments and sing when recording so this bothers him as well.
fan-favorite first season of bush administration released on dvd
kerry's face droops with joy over latest polls
sadly, i quickly realised i was wrong, and regretted doing it, which i told her just a few days after the break up.
we have two cats: roger is a male gray tiger, and tommi is a female that is all black.
so, no, i don’t really want the gift." i just told her i'd leave it at that and we haven't talked since.
i got mad and asked her why the hell she hit my dog, she went on a rant talking about how annoying my dog is and how she doesn’t want him in her house anymore.
he, like myself, is a bit of an acquired taste as a friend.
supreme court rules in favor of most buck-wild pride parade nation's ever seen
i feel like he considers his brother over me and that he thinks the brother is putting in more effort than i think the brother is.
exhausted olympian finally decides to rent pyeongchang hotel room instead of flying home to america each night
on sunday i receive another messenger message saying “do you still have my pashmina and hat???” i do, and i told her this 6 months ago and asked to see her so i could return it - to which she said it was ok right now, maybe later.
rock fans outraged as bob dylan goes electronica
so a little bit of context first: at my high school it's very common for people to mess around with people who forget to log out on the computers.
this presents several difficulties, namely we have an over abundance of people in certain departments.
tl;dr: texted an ex "happy birthday," girlfriend of over a year leaves with little fanfare.
taxi driver just taking his time as if man not late for color me mine pottery party
thai soccer player still waiting for parents to pick him up
me: i have a gift card to panera and could really use some real food.
and i love our life together.
police investigate reports of local gay man being dragged behind boat
she rightfully lost all trust in me while i have to come to face with the realisation that i didnt trust her either, since i didnt expect her to understand that i was feeling unwell (hence why i didnt tell her).
i really do want your son to get better” i feel like an asshole but i also feel like it needed to be said.
same homeless man always begging for change on united flight
and then about tonight - i'm really excited about the superbowl and she promised me to watch it with me but i am already expecting her to fall asleep, probably even before the first play.
we told the police about the situation and, long story short, they got us on a flight back to our home country.
it has a huge dent in it now and was pretty expensive ($1500) but i wasn't really angry because i knew it was a mistake.
now she is telling all of her friends that i am just a “man-whore.” am i the asshole?
am i an asshole for leaving her to be alone?
he refused at first but then i told him i assumed he wasn’t a legal immigrant and unless he wants ice called, he better leave.
aita for thinking my girlfriend is incapable of anything?
that i am not the reason she doesn't want to meet.
am i the asshole for being rude to my cat?
he likes going to hang with friends sometimes or go on dates, and i prefer just to stay in bed and talk or watch stuff with him.
aita for getting mad at my ex girlfriend after she broke up with me?
please note that everyone came to the consensus that the baby was an issue and was effecting everyone's enjoyment.
14-year-old congressional whiz kid balances budget
priest religious, but not really spiritual
i have told her this to which she said that there is nothing she can do about it and i guess that's true.
towels across water park lounge chairs mark family's ironclad claim
oh wait, area man not paul
am i the asshole for thinking their relationship is gross?
it's not my fault." and she rushed out to give the banana bread to her guests.
45% of items in woman's apartment have word 'love' written on them
recently mugged friend a racist all of a sudden
i put my leftovers in m’s mini fridge (which he said was communal), and left for class.
my son's girlfriend (19f) found out last week she was pregnant.
we have 3 nail clippers in our house.
script could use another pass, mom says
marine hopes to spend second tour of duty on different baghdad city block
now, by itself, this situation wouldn't warrant me to post here.
they take this as an insult that i dont trust them (which is true) but i just say i dont work like that.
she then talked to the guidance counselor and i got marked off my presentation (for telling her to be quiet, we were graded on presentation not the content) and got detention for harassing her.
woman knows to stay away from certain parts of own psyche at night
'no one will push you into running for president,' jeb bush softly whispers before tucking in sleeping grandson
edit 3: i'll apologize as it seems i was unnecessarily rude.
justin bieber fan jealous of anne frank
high school breathes sigh of relief as difficult teacher ages out of education system
report: there must be some trick to unfolding table legs
geopolitical balance of power somehow unaffected by death of princess
i’m having trouble finding the right words to express this situation.
nation spooked after running into creepy old night watchman
(i'll add that ex really does have npd, i've been through a massive amount of therapy to overcome some of the things that happened in our relationship.
aita for encouraging my funny friend to keep making funny jokes even though other friends of ours say they're getting old?
i told her that she really shouldn't take the shift.
aita for leaving her pregnant with a kid i won't help raise?
he walked away confused and upset.
friends, family admit they expected man's mental breakdown to look completely different
this problem that they are dealing with is affecting rose a lot emotionally and even physically (she can't sleep sometimes).
\*as a side note, my daughter doesn't know but my friend from work has breast cancer and shaved her head a couple of days ago, just before her next chemo.
anyways, i knew pretty much three people there, so i really tried to branch out and kind of succeeded.
'just illegalize us already,' nation's assault weapons beg
\- the only long weekend that could work, victoria's parents wanted her in town to help decorate for july 1st.
the hill that i will die on is this: **it does not make sense that i could not return the item and immediately re-purchase it with the value returned to me, be it in cash or store credit.** this is the first stink i've ever raised with someone in retail and was apologizing profusely the entire time as i tried to wrap my head around this.
so let me ask, aita for not wanting her to go?
laid-off website designer designs website about being laid off
white house infested with bedbugs after biden brings in recliner off the curb
she bought a bunch of reese's cups, and i wanted them for myself, so i handed out some old "toxic waste" super sour hard candies we had in the pantry.
&#x200b; i'm still upset obviously and having my doubts that he is using that account to cheat on me.
report: american dream now an out-of-court settlement
don’t get me wrong, i spoke to him about the lack of sex and intimacy, i told him about how it was a big deal for me over and over again but he just laughed it off or he’d wait for me to fall asleep before coming to bed.
even better, theyve all been playing it obsessively!
i didn’t want to get my carpet dirty because of untrained dog and i just really wanted to play and spend time with the shiba.
my dad replied, “no i would not because it is somebody i don’t know.” what i said next made him turn back to the house.
my gf wanted to go to japan for her birthday.
i’d get confused in elementary school, trying to expand my family trees.
wibta if i told my girlfriend that her clothes are no longer appropriate?
awestruck video-game fan describes brush with playstation 2
all this did get her to finally drop her abusive long time bf, though.
i don't remember many of the details, and they aren't important, but it was a woman that neither of us had ever met and i never heard from again.
george clooney enjoys another rousing evening at home with mummified members of rat pack
i'm even going to see a therapist, though it's not helping; i'm still overcome with guilt at the thought of breaking it off.
my aunt did not ask me if she could name her foster kid after my grandpa and i got pissed that she named him my exact name when i already bore my family's namesake.
after writing practice memoirs, my teacher asked if anybody wanted to share, sally raised her hand.
i am in love with my former teacher, she's (23) beautiful, amazing, smart and the prettiest person in the world.
in that time i started seeing a different girl for a year and that ended but i wasn't that sad anymore i graduated this past june and got an amazing job and my parents sold a lot of property overseas and gave me a really large trust fund.
narrow gaps in bathroom stall doors to be widened monday
greenspan just repeating detractors' criticisms in high-pitched girly voice
yet another media-savvy ex-hostage delights tv-news producers
i haven’t made up my mind yet.” he’s fully aware that we’re not the biggest fans of wilma and that we think that them dating for 8 months isn’t enough.
he uses his phone a lot and i'm assuming he just saw the notification and just swiped up to reply to me later.
tick scientists confirm 2017 summer will be best on record
my husband does deal with low testosterone issues but has been taking medicine/shots for this issue for years.
first of i do not clam indemnity in any of this, i know i can and have misinterpreted what she has said to me in the past, however there are times like last night that i am not sure what i am to do.
i saw crap that effin sucked.
an example of l’s humor is “suicidal people are just (life’s) speed-runners”.
the main problem being that we were using all of the furniture until the day of the move.
a little background, me and my gf live together (3 months now) but have been on and off for 4 years.
who should i be siding with?
'walking dead' fans split on recent harlem globetrotters crossover episode
we have been together for 7 years now.
crowd can't believe balls on frontman who waited till third song to ask them how they're doing
we were so engrossed in our conversation, that we actually forgot about the music concert and ended up arriving late.
in addition, she says that her husband was cold and emotionally distant, and i myself have witnessed that at work.
aita for being pissed bout this convo between my bf and his ex?
i try to stand up for myself but it backfires so i delete my account and move on.
heroic pants enter 19th day of continuous duty
i just don't think he deserved that karma after what he did.
i was very conflicted about her, and probably guilty myself of leading her on a little.
we've been going out for nearly 5 years, she knows i watch every game and consider big games like this one a highlight of my week.
iowan comforts sobbing jeb bush at town hall
one of them told me he'd just come from talking to the driver and said nobody was hurt but they were furious about some asshole that had "tried to ram them off the road" (which i did not do).
i feel like i should probably regret it but i feel like maybe sleeping with someone else fills the gap and completes me.
'men are not oppressed,' says woman who has no idea what it like to take two whole escalators to get to your clothing section at zara
&#x200b; i love her so fucking much like omg.
there were also 2 cars waiting in the same line at that light.
to my mind we were broken up and not getting back together, but i knew he still had hope for the relationship.
pursued drunk driver crafts brilliant 'don't stop' plan
yeah, but it's better than not having a car and paying a toll to use an extra car.
report: crane operator last remaining fulfilling occupation in u.s.
onion employees return to mundane lives of writing game-changing news coverage read by billions across globe
so in class two days ago, my friend (i will call him d) sat at another table than usual.
also, i do have my wife's folks and her aunt as possible babysitters we haven't even asked yet (however, she also has her husband's mom and her husband's brother and sister-in-law as well).
i'm recovering from cancer and driving uber at nights.
target 'dorm room essentials' aisle being browsed exclusively by 30-year-old men with studio apartments
said she didn't plan this and that it's just coincidence but if they can kill two stones with one bird why not?
i said, “i have to pay my son’s grandmother to watch him?” she then says that her mom is running a business and she could have a paying client blah blah blah.
we decided to date/be exclusive/be official late july, about a month after we met.
because they're an absolute jerk imo, now.
we were both done with our food, or at least he was: i had no appetite left.
i got an email from my apartment manager asking if she could come by.
&#x200b; i don't intend to cut in front of people, i am just doing what i would do in any waiting-at-a-light-but-need-to-turn-right-elsewhere situation.
pope francis worried about job security after butting heads with new god
disturbingly deep voice emanates from minnie mouse costume
she texted me a photo the next day and i missed some, so when she got home i cleaned that up too.
when i take too many of my anxiety pills/antidepressants, i start having horrible symptoms like hallucinations, disphoria, dizziness, and a lot more (it's only a specific one, not all of them).
she told me that she had never been interested in the beginning, and that she didn't know how to tell me.
c and i get along great.
texas now regretting wasting doses of pancuronium bromide on innocent guys back in 1997, 2000, 2004
i can't stand people failing to match speed in the fast lane, forcing those behind them to slow down to 60.
i played a prank on my friend yesterday.
i feel like my brother should know that after listening to music and performing all day, he needs to stop.
military aides try to cheer up kim jong-un after failed missile launch by putting on surprise execution
aita for being upset that a former business partner and friend did not come to my party?
burger king unveils new low-fat cashier
aita: i think i might have got a guy fired for hitting my car yesterday, a guy reversed into my car in his work pickup truck.
angolan war criminal called in as character witness to manafort fraud trial
her mother had complained about me, or was scared for both her daugther, who i was weighting upon, and for me, for being suicidal.
he was lively and social and most importantly, getting out of bed and leaving the house.
the argument was getting sort of loud (after around 3 minutes of arguing so far) and my dad said “i don’t care if you argue but quiet down” we quoted down, but after around 2 more minutes we started getting loud again (not yelling but very raised voices) and he got mad, sent me and my sister outside.
when i'm there, he's also blaming me of cheating, wanting to know what i do.
maintaining a conversation, and touching as well.
aita for refusing to acknowledge my boyfriends two best friends or allow them around our child?
when she comes, either at my mom's house, or my dad's house (they're divorced) which i go to from time to time, she comes here saturday morning around 11:30 a.m and leaves on sunday in the afternoon.
creepy real estate listing really talking up size of crawlspaces
denied it at first, but eventually admitted.
after a moment of shocked disbelief, i tried buying another audiobook.
everyday when i get off from work (usually around 10:30pm), i take my dog out for a walk.
aita for jerking off to pictures of my friends and lying about it to my so?
trump promises government will continue to fund all essential mar-a-lago staff during shutdown
we had a major fight when i asked my so to understand my hatred and at least be conscious that it would make me feel bad if they hangout beyond work situations.
rich first-grader buys whole sheet of gold stars
guess who's husband i overheard on the phone with his lover?
study: majority of americans fantasize about other countries during national anthem
she bursts into tears and threatens to call the police.
a little more background, this guy despises me.
i have family members injured by drunk drivers, friends killed, and relatives and other acquaintances who have lost loved ones due to these foolish people.
i am trying to make things right and i am trying to be happy.
once again i push so yea.
just know that i warned your bitch ass.
across from there was a dodge truck, who clearly got to the stop sign after me and the subaru.
it's also this kind of behavior that makes me as reclusive as i am now, as my family on both sides has a reputation of it; i've only started being more open with therapy.
reason man turning to religion later in life must be horrifying
we talked, and eventually i had to put my feelings aside and told him he should message her and send his condolences.
national pork council: many americans suffer from pork deficiency
that was at 1:35 am so he shows up at 2:15 am.
but in the news i've seen plenty of cases where people who aren't struggling spend the day asking people for money only to be seen driving away in a nice new car at the end of the day.
authorities claim the true austin bomber was everyone who failed this sensitive, promising kid
i was so relieved and figured our relationship would continue unabated after this minor bump in the road.
mom keeping tabs on coyote situation
her sister lives on the other side of town, not close, and in the opposite direction of my home.
i said the weather was below freezing, i should have been specific.
unsuspecting movie stars follow fake red carpet into back of kidnappers' van
she says yes, because "that's the way i like to live my life." to my surprise, another friend i'll call m admits (or brags, depending on how you interpret it) that he did something similar for the same app.
and there he was, standing by the street and lighting up.
after a day and night passed, my boyfriend texted me and said he believed the bird was dead anyway.
she has to do physio therapy daily that she needs help with from my husband.
- sent a message to bill "you ditched me for a mexican and a wannabe fuckboi?".
okay, i tell her that i liked what happened and forgot about it.
afterwards, we didnt have much plans made and i was hanging out with other friends.
on the other, it was his twenty first and he is one of my best friends and i only get to see him every few months.
i asked that they don’t have sex on it any more.
fbi declassifies j. edgar hoover's extensive file on the munster family
long story short, i am living with 2 roommate and we get along great on all fronts except the dishes.
nasa relaunches astronaut jim lovell to 'finish the job'
turns out shes moving back here in 3 months, so we kept talking, realized we both really like each other.
besides surely bailing on a fifth date in a row, this time with no contact, should warrant some kind of apology.
so my friend who gave us the couches, he had a friend who had to go back home, they’re both from oman.
it may just be my college but there are very few hookup-only people in the area.
then she left to go to bed and my grandmother said that i'd hurt my friend's feelings even though she didn't give a rats ass about my feelings when i was lied to and basically drugged by the person i care about the most.
couple stressing about wedding plans as if it won't just take a string of edison bulbs to knock guests' fucking socks off
4-year-old shows new doll the ropes
we have previously filmed scenes with may and we've filmed enough footage that we need to explain where she comes from (the scene were filming today).
friends star spontaneously shown attending televised nbc sporting event
last 2 christmas' together we have been at my family home for christmas morning and lunch, and been to his family home for christmas evening.
i can't lie: that look pissed me off incredibly and its the last straw.
heavy police presence in ferguson to ensure residents adequately provoked
u.s. intelligence: burundi may be developing telephone
palestinian family trapped under rubble thrilled to hear 'gaza' trending on twitter
thank you, i will update you all on how he takes it on monday.
a little bit about susan… she’s a very sweet person, but she sort of has a self-destructive behavior.
for his first two years he was dating another girl that i somewhat knew since we're in the same sorority but i wasn't close to.
catholic teens still coming down after excitement of world youth day
i have started dating quite a bit and lenny thinks this is probably proof that i was cheating on him which isn't true at all but since his word is gold and mine is dog shit at this point, it's further poisoned the well with my friends and family.
no one in the class of 40 but me ever asks questions or speaks up regularly.
i gave them the coupon number and home address, but the guy at the counter was like a broken record and wouldn’t stop saying the same thing over and over, “you have to have your coupon” he sounded like he was drunk, and i wouldn’t be surprised if he was.
if you've visited any of the various gaming subreddits in the last day or two you probably know that the demo for anthem finally dropped yesterday.
do i come off like i'm just too sensitive and can't take criticism?
nicole actually reciprocated and we made out.
this is the part that makes me feel terrible.
seaworld to discontinue great white shark ride
i made it clear in my profile what i was looking for when he messaged and he didn't say other wise til we started.
and it's usually not too bad, anyway - the friends are usually gone by the time i go to bed.
i don’t completely recall, but i don’t think i even knew he was drunk until we met in person.
which clearly you don't.** **finally, i understand the desire for a schedule and the need to plan your days and evenings given how hard you work.
butterfly on ankle marks passage into womanhood
he looked aghast and told me that i had to move out by tomorrow because he didn't want to son like me.
i've stopped giving a shit and normally catch up on much-needed sleep or scroll through reddit on my phone to stave off boredom during long reading times.
mobile formatting, blah, blah, sorry, blah.
to that i responded "i don't have respect for drug dealers to be honest" she stormed into the room later with the other girl and a teacher as she explained to the teacher that i said i don't have respect for drug dealers.
throwaway account hello, i recently met this girl on tinder and everything was going well, but she mentioned that she was pregnant.
i told her there is nothing important that we are just arguing and she should not get involved and she should leave.
google launches 'the google' for older adults
aita for playing a single mission of the anthem demo on my brother's account?
entertainment writer has knack for making complex pop culture concepts accessible to lay readers
i notice, but keep in mind this is near the very end of the sex, she is in middle of her own orgasm and i am on the edge.
cue the most painful night of my life.
aita for breaking with my girlfriend after she denies me at work?
our dad is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole.
aita for criticizing my boyfriend’s sensitive hearing?
this kindof raises our eyebrows and confuses us.
(throw-away account for obvious reasons) my boyfriend (23m) just told me (19f) he once had to eat a joint(disgusting!)-- i can't understand how he could've done this, i'm absolutely disgusted and cannot talk to him.
they weren't happy with him and i told him they were rescues and weren't super fond of people.
i admit it was probably me projecting onto her, because i don't care if someone wishes me a happy birthday or not, and i think i was wrong in making that assumption, because everyone feels differently.
she’s been talking about herself, her cats (i’m a diehard dog person) or talking to my so about work stuff.
there are definitely some things at the park that pissed me off, too.
cozy little out-of-the-way place opens 12th location
senate republicans promise there will be plenty of time to review kavanaugh writings when they become law of land
i have had to do it manually today otherwise it's butt rubbing on the carpet, him licking his ass, and the scent of fish everywhere.
so i bit my lip and told her outright what was up.
like, what if i don't have (cancer) and it is just a bad infection?
i'd like to know if i'm an asshole for tipping in food because i'm genuinely ignorant if it's a bad thing or not.
man running aimlessly with olympic torch for past 3 years
also, i was yelling because everyone else was yelling.
'decision 2000' actually made in smoke-filled room in 1997
maybe a two part question: 1) aita for even bringing it up, or should i should just chill?
also when i said "grow a pair", i meant tackling the problem head on and finally trying to break the ice and confront her on why she was acting like a bitch.
or other times at night when she thinks im not home ill go in our backyard and tap on our bedroom window.
group cheers after group hears group's name called
report: crooked border guards planting illegal immigrants in cars
he walks over to help and i make the joke "that's why women don't belong in the gym".
i tried to poke him a little to move and he gave me a warning growl and showed me some angry teeths so i tricked him to come out by going to the kitchen and acting like i was eating some food, his big weakness.
al-qaeda sitcom filmed before live studio hostages
bitcoin plunge reveals possible vulnerabilities in crazy imaginary internet money
12-year-old's christmas list demonstrates heartbreaking awareness of family's financial predicament
as i got into the oncoming lane i heard the car i was trying to pass's engine rev up and noticed they were increasing in speed.
maybe she'll show up at work one day and find her important documents mysteriously disappeared.
i said both because i still want to go and we always talk about going, but it hurts to think we'd all go for her and for me it wasn't even possible to do something different than the usual.
the friend who told us she talked crap about us had apperently been told not to trust us by her because we would ditch him in the end.
tv show under fire for depicting murder
she had offered no apology for the accusation of stealing, the distress she had put my colleague in, the damage she had done to me and the stores reputation or the 5 euro she had unjustifiably solicited.
hospital gift shop figures it can soak 'em for 30 on the 'i'm thinking of you' teddy bear
report: nuclear arsenal will go bad unless used by 2000
when ss was 14, he decided he wanted to be with his mom and took off for the east coast.
new, improved obamacare program released on 35 floppy disks
she ended up getting a job and was completely sober.
(i never find a girl with even basic jewelry attractive) so am i the asshole for trying to get my girlfriend to accomodate my phobia?
corporation surprised to see its tax money circle back around to it so soon
(just to be clear, this isn't a guy i know very well.
george zimmerman wins florida state lottery
my wife always orders a salad and every time i go to pick it up she reminds over and over to make sure they don't forget the dressing.
she has until the end of the year to move out which i think is fair.
so i start working at 8:30 a.m.
i remember ruslana telling me how ivanna did something really fucked up but i just can't remember it.
so i made an instagram post with the caption “people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye”.
reporter for high school newspaper most professional journalist in nation
line to meet sarah palin goes straight through mall fountain
ryan seacrest catches up with 'captain phillips' star maersk alabama on red carpet
nation's loyalists compete in annual nigel's bangers and mash eating contest
bear with me guys, need input.
i said my mom may pay to fly my child out and see her, or set up something with my ex, but i would not be involved in anyway.
texans brace for president's response to hurricane
and i am not talking about simple stuff like chocolates; she ordered pens and cups and other things online, in store, etc.
about a week and a half ago, last last friday (before the last one) she broke up with me saying that she didn't love me anymore.
non-denominational terrorist organization welcomes extremists of all faiths
when we were having dinner she literally asks me “so what do you think?” and to her credit it was really, really good.
a week later we made up and she announced our engagement.
i told her i'll drop her off, pick her up and support her throughout her grievance but i just don't want to go to the funeral.
so let's say we went from a €35 (10+10+15 euros) bill to a €25 bill (10+15).
valentine's day coming a little early in relationship
government bails out dow jones with 10,000 points
aita if i think my girlfriend is milking her dad being in the hospital?
now at the end of our relationship, when we were still dating, she would take longer to answer my messages than usual, wouldn't want to be with me that much and would always be with my friends (who i introduced to her as she was too shy to introduce herself).
magnificent sunset loses out to home improvement, judge judy hour
i recently got a great deal on some high quality speakers on craigslist that sound amazing to produce on.
aita for telling my girlfriend not to bring anything while meeting my family?
i thought debating this was what i was supposed to do, like make my case.
but made no effort to understand how the game actually works.
what i forgot to do when i was ordering food was to tell her not to put any onions in my food.
area woman said 'sorry' 118 times yesterday
my boyfriend and i have a group of friends we regularly hang out with.
we also pick 3 things $20 or under that you would like and write them under your name on this list in the break room.
am i an asshole for making a silly mistake like this?
he helped me learn how to drive and helped me got my driver license; put me on his cellphone line (which benefits both of us because we can get cheaper rates)...
we like to see each other once a month.
coworkers unable to put finger on what's weird about gary
&#x200b; okay, so, yesterday i started work at 12am and got off at 6am, both bf and daughter came home and went right to sleep.
new tech-support caste arises in india
for the past 3 years, my daughter has been attending a private school that costs about $10k a year.
frustrated nation out of ideas to solve gun violence problem except for all the obvious ones
i don't dislike them, in fact i like them very much, but at family reunions i don't talk a lot to them, even the ones at my age i don't talk with.
the people (or type of person) that give them out almost always annoy me.
all she says is she knew it was wrong and would hurt me, but for the rest of the 15 minute ride home she just stares out the window ignoring me while i ask her these questions.
i did attend the funeral and burial service at my mother's side the entire time.
our site gets 5 million hits a month, i don’t need some mark ass wrestling fan on reddit to boost our profile.
my friend told me his idea of making a private server for this game similar to fortnite.
aita for asking my bf and i to go on break?
i'm twelve, and in seventh grade.
republicans address income inequality by offering middle class hot stock tip
dad delivers state of the union rebuttal directly into television screen
in my opinion: who i date and marry is my business.
sears gold card holder pushing weight around area sears
nickname to forever prevent people from getting to know the real dumptruck
seeing i brought all my money with me in to the marriage before we were married, i think juridically things would not be too problematic.
area woman decides not to post facebook status that would have tipped gun control debate
she’d recently broken her leg, and i was having emotionally/mental issues due to bullying at school and family problems, which were causing several severe physical issues (to the point where my paid for me to take an mri, despite us not having insurance: i couldn’t eat or sleep, and i was having bouts of severe nausea that looked like mineres disease while suffering from emetophobia) she starting nitpicking me.
many projects that generally run smoothly had problems this year.
amazon warehouses stocked with 20,000 doctors in preparation for healthcare launch
we were sitting on the couch so my ex does this thing where he’s a smug asshole and says we’re dating and expects things from me.
i can't post a screen shot of her reply because i unmatched once i read the whole thing.
now, as i mentioned earlier, victoria and i were always on the same page from the beginning.
i have told her repeatedly i’m not forcing her to do anything and she can come and go as she wants.
whilst he was at my house we kissed, the next day i saw he uploaded a photo of him and his girlfriend kissing and i commented on the photo saying ‘bit cringe considering you were kissing me yesterday’.
the thing is, i also have a roommate, but she is old enough to be my aunt, and i feel weird about having guys over, even if she says she doesn't care.
but first of all, i don't like getting apps i have to pay for, as a matter of principle.
the first time she did it she said that she was drunk and meant to send it to someone else but i told her that i liked the picture so she started sending them to me more often.
if you don't go and buy another crate of water by today.
man pushed off plate of chicken wings by larger male
she kept calling me n and i kept correcting her with my name but she was insistent to call me by his name and she said she thought n was fucking with her by asking her to call him a different name.
me and this friend met through a mutual friend, and instantly clicked- something that was uncommon for me 3 years ago.
daughter apologized but i told her that the apology meant nothing unless she threw the flier away.
i leave in four days but i dont want this to happen every time i visit with them.
this is going to be a little long, and while i don't really think my ex is the asshole, i do think he's being kinda dumb.
this happened last weekend but she's still not talking to me so i decided to bring it here for judgment instead.
i was driving home on a 55mph two-lane road going 60mph.
family has strict no smartphone rule while eating dinner in front of tv
she also brought up that food she cooks tastes better to me because she's tasting and smelling it while it cooks so her senses are dulled by the time it's served, but she has the most acute sense of smell/taste i've ever seen so i kinda think it's just an excuse.
we haven't booked anything or paid for anything yet so its still not too late for me to cancel the trip.
she has a particular medical condition, but that’s her business.
when we got back from the break she asked me some questions about how much i had read, how long i had been doing this, etc.
i tell him i dont know why he got with someone who has a kid if he can't accept said kid as his own and that maybe we should break up because while his main focus is school mine is family.
she's been dumped before and everytime it's taken a dark toll on her.
edit3: she seems at least 50% better this morning.
she would do the following - try to get me in trouble for any goddamn reason, she even lied about many things.
anyway this coming holiday we’re all dressing up, which is pretty normal in my family (when we do christmas celebrations with my wife’s parents, it’s more lax so outfits aren’t as big a concern).
2012 seniors thunder into high school's parking lot like coalition forces entering baghdad
she said that she can't do it, i was totally fine for me and i kinda felt that what we did, it was wrong.
i am a girl and i live with boys.
and i know for a fact the stretching area was empty because it was saturday at 8 in the morning and 5 people total were lifting.
seagull with diarrhea barely makes it to crowded beach in time
i live in a small collection of townhomes.
the picture wasn’t full nsfw and we are both underage but i still think it’s kinda gross to ship people who are underage.
and i don't think the dad even cares about christmas or gifts at this point.
he's really nervous all the time so i think that is adding to this issue.
man eating cashew butter can't believe he wasted so many years fucking around with peanut butter
'minotaurs the new vampires' says publishing executive desperate to find new vampires
aita for ruining my roommate's party?
i feel that as long as i don't harm anyone, and i have a productive healthy life, why should it be so terrible to share rape/murder fantasies with someone you love?
i'm in nursing school and time strapped as it is.
martini, rossi slain by anti-spumanti extremists
so why was my ex so adamant i should put the toilet seat down?
&#x200b; so, am i the asshole?
so this is something that's been nagging at me for a while.
area man can tell commercial will be for corona
however, i looked pretty thoroughly, and have never seen paper towels available nor have i ever seen anyone using one to wipe down equipment.
opposition to soda ban sad proof that americans still fight for what they believe in
&#x200b; i never received any direct contact from her explaining her decision, despite the fact the she obviously knew i would find out (again, don't question me on that bit, just gotta trust me on it).
*edit thank you for all your responses.
ivanna promised to call me on a certain day at a certain time over a week in advance.
garth brooks thinking about how a pie would be good right about now
peter was transgender (ftm), and his family was transphobic, so he couldn’t come out to them.
local cat attempts world record for things sat on
pence aide encourages candidate to try some more happy-looking scowls during debate
i get that you shouldn't joke about paedophiles, but i've never seen the term nonce used in an unironic way.
nation not about to start giving a shit about canadian politics
when i finally showed her my face i was afraid she would rebuff me as i have a pretty bad scar on my face from my childhood, but she was fine with me and said i was very handsome.
i was genuinely sorry in some aspects, but mostly i just wanted to end any potential animosity that lingers and take a morally commendable route.
relationship based on mutual love of woodcrafts
aita for being quiet at a party?
5 million illegal immigrants to realize dreams of having deportation deferred
she said she loves me to which i replied: "well, if you really do, then why don't you fully trust me?" she said that she does trust me but its her own personal issues.
fast forward and my boss told me at our weekly 1:1 meeting that she was embarrassed about it and that i should apologize to the group and full timers for acting like that.
college newspaper staff know exactly how they would respond if editorial freedom challenged
but i truly didn’t have any ill intent.
everyone at u.n. watching trump speak can't believe they used to consider u.s. a superpower
she didn't attempt to understand or help with the game logic and just spent her time drawing elaborate menu screens (without considering that the rest of us were too busy doing the actual hard work to add in the bells and whistles she was building buttons for).
\[4:02 pm\] me: what is the difference between " giving you a hard time for not going to the doctor" and "but not talking sh it", because they are synonymous.
world leaders pour into washington to pay last respects to dying nation
men whose beautiful wives died on christmas 10 years ago announce plans to drink whiskey alone in dark apartment
today there were no cars, no one, except for one man, guessing in his late 50's, on a bicycle who was obediently waiting in front of a red light that i passed.
dan savage disgusted by letter from perverted reader contemplating oral sex
japanese prime minister resigns to seek revenge on man who killed his family
she hasn't been diagnosed but she shares my interests and my dark sense of humor.
how can i not be furious?
it's bad pr, like with a company or restaurant.
like bragging about how much money he has.) throws the trash at me.
man putting huge amount of pressure on self to excel at completely meaningless activity
i had an ex steal about 3 months worth of my income once because she felt justified in her situation at the time.
(to stop people from being biased, who the people are and their genders will be hidden because i know some of y’all are just like that.) i, a teenager, live with one of my two parents.
graffiti artist no longer putting his heart in it
struggling don rickles has nothing but nice things to say about audience
women are also intimidated by me.
ed mcmahon endorses another depressing product
halliburton gets contract to pry gold fillings from new orleans corpses' teeth
self-conscious panda swears it overheard zookeeper refer to it as 'giant'
'it's real easy,' declares it guy about to speak incoherently for next 30 seconds
grecian formula falls into non-grecian hands
she leaves and reappears with the manager a few moments later, and i proceed to tell him that we had gotten *excellent* service that night, and that (her name) was one of their best.
i heard her voice when we were calling once or twice when i was young, and i remember how loving her voice was.
beautiful spring day no match for last 35 years of man's life
so my friend and i took a nap during the play and i was woken up by one of my other friends.
&#x200b; tl;dr - there is a big chance i get diagnosed with cancer and instead of following my doctor's suggestions and have it discarded and treated, i decided spend the money visiting japan.
and 2) the music i make is bass heavy, and i need the subwoofers on the speakers to get a closer true sound of what i'm hearing through headphones.
selfish missouri voters reject anti-union law after everything bosses have done for them
white house insists it won't dictate the manner in which kavanaugh exonerated
he's lied to the psychologist about appointments and he's been caught out on many lies about how he thinks he feels.
everything was going great, we were all talking and what not.
however, i have felt and still feel this huge amount of love for my former boyfriend.
as for why i don't feel like going on that trip, i have a dog and i wouldn't really like to be away from her for days.
fbi warns republican memo could undermine faith in massive, unaccountable government secret agencies
my little brothers both had controllers, i initially asked for an elite controller which is 160-ish usd, but my parents declined, so i went for a run of the mill white controller.
we stayed away from each other for the rest of the night.
needed to add this info to provide some more context.
that being said, like i clarified in this edit, she wasn't going to die from exposure.
we haven't been intimate and haven't really spoken since.
for context, i'm currently in a statistics course in which, for the final project, we have to go and collect data and use it effectively.
i interrupted and said "he's married, honey" and she said "i have a boyfriend too, i'm just here for the drink" and i said "then turn around and ask for the barman".
maybe he is an american citizen or is here legally, but it always goes back to why doesn't he honk then?
aita for "vetting" gf's male friends?
after i spoke to r i came up to m and said that i really wanted to be with r and even one of her best friends was at school then too so i just just sed that m could be with her.
republicans outraged over redtube censoring of conservative voices
my current situation is somewhat complex, so apologies in advance for the long read.
i agree that it is important for them to forgive, but i am not convinced that (the eldest brother) has even moved on from these tendencies (given that he was never reprimanded or received counseling).
37 separate aneurysms on verge of rupturing inside reince priebus' brain
following me around the store wallowing for 10 minutes.
she was clearly frustrated and i let her know that i intended to do everything i could to fix all the issues she had brought up but it wouldn’t happen overnight and she’ll have to wait.
we settle on “we’ll see what happens”.
members of twisted sister now willing to take it
i got upset and told her i was upset and that i prefer she cancels on them friday (this part i know i'm being petty about) but am i the asshole for feeling this was and basically starting an argument today?
aita for faking a narcolepsy attack?
the response was "i have no idea what you're trying to say." so i went back....checked my work...sounded it all out...no, i felt like i got it pretty darn close, if not 100% accurate.
john mccain not going to ask cindy mccain twice
she pays for groceries and that’s about it, while i pay rent, utilities, and registration and gas for my car.
it made me feel a bit like a doormat, and i was still angry from last night, so i cut her off and hit her with "sorry, i'm really not in the mood to hear you complain" and left the room.
report: students who take latin have better chance of summoning demon later in life
apparently they drug tested almost 30 people and a lot came up positive which means that they all get a major strike on their record and other major discipline.
we used to have a very active sex life, i enjoy sex a lot and she says she likes my enthusiasm since it makes her feel desired and wanted.
tonight i work 11pm to 10am.
islamophobe disappointed manhunt over before he even had chance to indiscriminately vilify all muslims
and i might have also forgotten if i was told in person or over the phone, but i've checked my text messages and there's no mention of anything on there.
basically could not express to my friend the importance of voting in america.
and the offending party is a guy named (let's say tony) who at the time i knew for 2 years.
depressed mueller wonders what it is about him that makes everyone lie to him
mike pence criticizes venezuela's use of torture, starvation on non-homosexual citizens
we spend so many hours in this class, we don't have time for drama." agreed.
couple discovers shop that sells cakes
a few hours ago my gf was lying on my bed and accidentally shoved my laptop off, leading it to crash on the floor.
i think she should be mad at her family and her in-laws, not me.
c could chose whether or not she’d move to b or stay in c.
aita if i think celebrating birthdays is for kids?
raid on nacho-supremacist compound uncovers guacamole-making materials
aita for wanting to get some money for everything i do as a stay at home mom?
she has already basically begged for the money to her dad, which mostly ignores her by this point.
not that i considered it one because it was my stuff and i just wanted it back.
lo and behold, hot girl's name is in the search history, and my gf sees it.
aita for disapproving of my cousin’s new relationship?
i’m the type of person who doesn’t really get offended by anything and have a thick skin for offensive jokes.
now, this woman had no idea if we were grocery shopping afterwards, had no idea we were just going to grab a sandwich and head back.
ive been trying to drive him crazy in retaliation.
she will usually be angry about something, say it's over, then bring it back up again after she's had some time to stew) mom: i really don't appreciate how disrespectful you were earlier, i don't ask you for much.
gop makes good on 2009 promise to block president's healthcare bill
scientists discover perfect little out-of-the-way place
i love her more than anything, but the thought that she may also be attracted to women worries me.
i have a feeling i'm being an asshole, because there is a long waiting list of people to get on this program.
at some point my friends gf, asked us if we could shut them up or if i could put my dog in their kennel.
world's luminaries crowd around 'time' 100 list posted on editor's door
i am also acting manager and have developed a reputation as the "disciplinarian" of the three owners.
biologists discover billions of missing bees living anonymously in sacramento
since then she has refused to talk to or see my dad, refused to travel with me to see them (its a 5 hour drive) and we have a 2-year-old.
struggling supreme court loses eighth consecutive case
good charlotte recording 10 new songs to be played at low volume in p.f. chang's
fans of victorious nobel laureates riot in stockholm
ratings low for npr morning zoo crew
i wasn't trying to be rude or anything but she and her friends were kinda shocked i'd say that.
so me (27f) and my so (27m) went on a double date on saturday with his coworker (25f) and her fiancé (26m).
most of all, i expected her to understand that i didn't have anyone else to help me through this since i had no family in the country and few friends in university.
i ended up putting him in the scenario where i was lecturing him.
we’ve always referred to it as “our wedding” because it was the start of a new family with the three of us.
i try to get her to stop eating junk food whenever she does so she wouldn’t feel guilty and skip meals afterwards, but she would get upset and claim i’m fat shaming her.
friend: my mom is making me go so you have to go me: that's not how this works rho.
voters glad they got hope in politicians out of system for next election cycle or two
ruby tuesday goes public with request that everyone come on down to ruby tuesday
i'm sure my wife would remarry to the kind of man she always wanted to father our kids and maybe i'd get a chance to feel like a real woman in a new country.
i feel as though this issue is partially my fault as i have a tendency to say yes when someone asks for a favour even if it inconveniences me.
chris brown's agent suggests suicide could be great career move
guantanamo bay begins construction on senior care wing
coworker who just threw fit and stormed out of room looked like total badass
i did not choose a "maid of honour".
he commented on how it's cool that in other countries like china, they eat certain meat such as duck that isn't very common in the us.
bush lets war widow punch his arm once
we had plans to go out but i cancelled it because i was hurt from hearing the news and it didn't seem right if i still had feelings for her.
hi reddit, i know this seems like a pretty cut-and-dried situation but hear me out.
majority whip displays impaled senator outside capitol building as warning to all who cross party lines
the constant jealousy coming from her all the time and her smothering the shit out of me was bad enough, but then when we were finally going to have some much needed solo time, she finds a reason to be upset and ruin it.
also, and more serious, i think...we spend quite a bit of time with her family, both stateside and when we travel back to her home.
other minor comments she made during the trip: "he may be a swimmer, but doesn't seem like he's gonna get girls unless he plays a mans sport." (referencing me.) "that kid seems a little dumber than the rest." (referencing my little brother, infuriating me even more, mind you.) "i wonder if that idiot finally left that other idiot." (referencing my parents.
i said, nicely, "can you put your phone away, they told us to" and she said it's just the previews, so i said "ok".
after he shrugged me off, i decided to take action on my own and i stole his dashiki and donated it to goodwill.
we do not live together so this happens when we are texting each other.
i finished studying late and called her to find out where everyone was.
trashing lots of rooms, i kept trying to make him leave my room and make him eat his dinner downstairs but he wouldn’t do it.
aita for being upset at my friend who i thought i was dating?
now, 2 days later, she is going off on me again saying how all her friends agreed that what i did/said after was just unacceptable and a d-bag move.
cruise ship sound system reports widespread feeling of hot hot hot
how can you refuse that kind of opportunity.
corporate retreat teaches employees how to dick around as team
one of those rules is there to be no eating in the rooms.
people were really mad at me, offended me back, called my parents (we're 18 years old, i think this isn't how to solve it), and even started threatening to sue me (???).
birthdays shouldn't be this big of a deal to full grown adults, right?
aita for getting up when my dog was on my leg?
aita for getting mad at my family for taking up the gifts without me at church while i had a broken leg?
report: publicly humiliating unpopular student still leading cause of telekinetic violence in u.s. high schools
heroic broken sewage pipe floods congress with human waste
report: some people wake up when it's still dark outside
i thought he’d be hopping mad, but instead when we talked he was actually calm and just told me to leave him alone.
now i asked jerry if he said anything about our conversation to sabrina.
obama hosts diplomatic talks at starbucks while oval office carpet cleaned
i wasn't with her at the time but she was expected to medal so it was disappointing for her.
should i be telling my dog no?
about a week after i knew my mom was gonna be fine i found a chance to agree to meet f on a day she was free and planned to break up with her then.
but hubs spotted a 3d printer, unopened, and said "i've seen this on amazon for around $300 so it will probably go for less than that.
and when we do have sex, i pull out with a condom on right before i finish or i won’t even finish via having vaginal sex at all because we don’t have it enough for me to be able to have sex with her at a pace that i can finish at...
she had been feeling unwell and we found out she was pregnant.
another hour goes by and she has finally gotten around to asking me what i do for a living.
me bringing this up in the group chat was what hurt him.
when i say overpriced i mean $10.
elderly man skipping work uses 'dead grandson' excuse again
he kinda pulled me up to a sitting position and was asking if i was ok (i hope im wording this right, this is fuzzy almost).
t.g.i. friday's executive chef recommends booze-on-meat-with-cheese thing
she also is very clingy and..
aita for being annoyed that my aunt bought waterford crystal as a wedding gift?
at some point, however, it slipped by that she's got a boyfriend.
i thought this was a harmless joke because we immediately unliked the photo, making the notification disappear.
i don't care what i get.
aita for telling someone to "commit neck rope"?
i am a firm believer of cleaning up after yourself so after every meal i wash my dishes and dry/put them away.
now i’m mad, i find an opening i speed past him, cut him off and sat in park with my e brake engaged.
but, he wasn't at all, i ended up putting on all of them were from him and only leaving a few from me but i still feel like a huge asshole.
i'm going to call her may in this post.
seattle's space needle blasts off after collecting enough rain for home planet
personally i think she didn't want to take his fate into her own hands, so she handed the decision to a rampant bunch of thirsty men ("friends") for a trial by social media, who she knew would scream "off with his head" to create less competition among them.
earthquake kills 54 rescue workers' weekend plans
middle-aged funeral director buys flashy red hearse
i didnt really know what all of that meant, so i just said, you were born a boy?
get clarity on what the future holds so you can go back to worrying about costume ideas.
i was warned this morning that if i do not show up to this shift i will be terminated.
his dog yelped and started whimpering.
i have to teach high schoolers the fact that waking into a music classroom is like waking outside without pants on.
growing up with three branches of family was weird.
dnc attendee screaming 'the earth needs us!' to no one in particular
besides this one lady we'll call her sarah.
i texted the mutual friend (because i needed someone to talk to) telling him that i had read her diary.
he was saying things like “i miss you,” and “you’re the only thing i need”.
the last day i saw her she was on the couch kind of staring into space and said "if i'm not here when you get home today, it's because i left to get help.
nothing happened so i texted her.
aita for cutting my atheist brother off?
i would feel tremendously guilty knowing i was just a passer by in him fucking himself over when i should have just suffered an uncomfortable moment and ended it there.
a "colleague" (not exactly an enemy since we work together sometimes but we are competitors in different companies in the same field) has been pestering me to work on a project with him that will severly limit my ability to be creative and productive.
aita for not driving my sister in law home?
then a short while later he asked where i was and i said i was gone.
in highschool my friend (15m and a person (15f) that i had never hung out with came over to smoke weed.
i know it sounds like i think i'm better than everyone, but honestly, i'm broke as fuck too.
for the most part i just stood my ground and argued logically and rationally.
i pretty much knew i was the asshole before i posted.
exhausted paul giamatti to paul giamatti from home today
:( i asked him to make me a christmas wishlist, and it’s a bunch of “manga” ?
kinko's patron pulls the old copy-key switcheroo
she cried for about an hour and now wife isn’t speaking to me (but daughter is).
she said that’s fine but you need to find someone who i actually like because i refuse to live with someone i don’t like...
also, we are decently well off ourselves.
he got pretty mad and told me it would defeat the purpose of the trip if he was in so much pain he couldn't move or speak so he was going to get his meds whether i wanted him to or not.
cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
jcpenney ceo's severance package includes 34,000 pea coats
about a week ago she got herself a girlfriend, i didn’t know the girl personally but some friends of mine told me she’s nice.
when we were exiting i kind of gave the girl a dirty look which she noticed, but it was like a reflex not even an intentional thing.
aita for being happy when my friends fail?
definitely think i fucked up here, but later he commended me for not telling his parents.
i love my husband, he's fantastic in all ways except for one...
he went off on a summer vacation to solo travel around europe.
my asd makes it hard to interpret social things like this, so if you do reply please be clear and through.
cindy texts me past midnight a few days back.
frenzied trump supporters admit they'd be just as happy tearing him to pieces
i told him she has a lot of videos of us and i'm perfectly happy for her to show him.
nation's couples descend on nation's rotating restaurants
why is the capitalist model great when hospitals want to make a profit, but immoral if an individual wants to do the same thing?
my wife thinks it would be rude if she asked her brother or sister in law to pay anything though.
he wasn’t too amused and it kinda ruined our brunches’ vegan addition entirely.
and i was called sexist for suggesting this was sexist.
my mother doesn’t charge him any rent or bills, and she sometimes brings him home food.
offended mark meadows reminds colleagues he never once complained about capitol's integrated drinking fountains
edit 2: please read the post.
aita for not wanting my wife to book a hotel by herself for a night away?
state dept. asks u.s. citizens in libya what the hell they were doing in libya
two days ago, my brother had one for lunch, and my sister asked for a piece; he refused because a piece of a personal pizza is 1/4 of the pizza.
once someone lies once it's hard to believe them again.
i feel that when i am reading to her and she is drawing that she is a passive listener and not engaged in the story and characters and whatnot, is more concerned with her drawing, and so i feel ignored and slightly disrespected and feel like i'm more there to keep her ears busy than for her to actually hear the story.
the whole time i had a feeling that something wasn't right, but i definitely wasn't in a position to place blame.
she claimed that she needed to wear mittens but it was only -15 where she lives.
somehow, that makes me a little sad.
comic-con fan guesses he enjoyed 60-minute panel of silently masturbating alan moore practicing sex magic
while i know i was incredibly immature, i don’t really regret my actions because i think he’s a piece of shit who doesn’t consider the feelings of others, so why should i consider his feelings?
white supremacist tired after long day of interviews with mainstream news outlets
i have oral allergy syndrome (oas).
and i don’t mean sabotaging the condoms because she never touched them.
office janitor asks to work from home
i dont see a point in speakeaing to her if she has a bf now tbh, but her friends think im an asshole, and she has been really sad all day about it, her bf is angry too i think
that is by no means the issue.
i've started by making efforts to not raise my voice and "put off" my anger for a few hours by not talking about it until i can have a clearer head about what's upsetting me (where i sometimes realize i'm totally unjustified).
aita for judging how my husband handled the situation of taking care of my drunk sister?
she is upset because i don't want to wake up early to watch him so she can get a couple hour nap in.
**miscellanous** we have all changed a lot in the past four years, and i'm generally quite happy with my friendships with both the noodle gimp and fishfan420.
i don’t know a single person who calls their step-mom “mom.” it’s a bit different for me.
ingenious political analyst points out irony of melania trump speaking out against cyber bullying when her husband donald trump
i'm in a relationship with my husband since i was 19 and he was 23 (now i'm 35 and married for 6 years).
i was also completely calm and polite and clear when speaking to her back at home until she ran crying to the bathroom.
woman who visited kenya once struts confidently into african store
aita for not asking my ex first if i could take our son to a basketball game?
i'm an entrepreneur and i like taking risks and don't see the issue in failure.
so aita for really getting her on board with this idea?
he said the party would probably start at around 10, so i figured i could go to another party beforehand.
she blows all her money on clothes and paintings.
ford confirms plant fire caused by spooked f-150 knocking over lantern
he thinks it was out of fear and not knowing what to do.
i was sitting next to her and she had her phone out after they told us to turn our phones off.
so i looked it up and his work closed at 9.
aita for being resentful of my grandma?
aita for feeling peeved about the whole diablo fiasco it is deeply irritating to me that people are getting so upset over something so small.
wibtah if i reported a college professor for their social media post.
i’ve been doing this for months now and nothing has happened.
aita for telling my supervisor about a coworker taking tips i’ve recently started working at a gas station, the gas station offers a service where an employee will come outside and fill your tank and clean your windshield.
over the past couple of months we've struggled slightly financially (low income) and mentally (mental illness) but nothing to stop us from being happy.
stone-hearted ice witch forgoes exclamation point
i guess my intentions by telling him about what i did, were to get him to be jelaous and tell me he wants to actually be with me.
melania trump straightens husband's neck skin before walking out onto inauguration platform
they have an apartment together and their lease runs up this summer, so staying together for the time being makes sense on a lot of levels.
desperate dole promises best prom ever
but julia doesn’t understand me at all and seems to think a suit is the only acceptable thing to wear at a wedding, and that i have to wear a suit in order to fit in and be accepted by the others.
we were told that my aunt suddenly passed away due to mental issues and misdiagnosis one day and my uncle was a complete emotional wreck and was in no state to take care of his 6 yrs old child ( i’ll call him aaron).
the thing is, these aren't pre-cooked sausages, they're raw.
am i the asshole for feeling disgusted, angry and ashamed because of him?
ivanka ashamed after becoming first trump to run business into ground
i should have maybe stopped running on that treadmill and move on an other one.
aita for not letting my boyfriend touch me intimately, unless he gets a manicure.
spawn of satan a failure in father's eyes
bend in road not sharp enough to merit so many roadside memorials
so for the record i don’t really think i’m an asshole for wanting this but my husband certainly does.
and to add on top of that, she lives in the same building as me, on the same floor.
soldier back home from serving at mexico border still having nightmares about being used as political prop
i didn't realize this wasn't healthy at the time.
gf and i are trying to be more independent because we have been dominating one another's lives for the last year, something i have struggled with because i want to be with her all the time.
i didn't touch the cheese until the 2nd where i had 2 pieces.
he's not really the type to share his food.
elderly couple to try peacefully dying together again tonight
i assured her that i am, and that i wish her nothing but happiness because that’s what i want out of my friends.
man not himself until he has so much coffee he feels like he's going to die
&#x200b; so this girl and i were in the same friends group for about 3 years.
they’re also prone to blaming people other than their children, as i’ve had personal experience with since their daughter really disliked me.
we would sometimes argue as i am quite hot headed so naturally when i repeatedly told them to leave me alone after an argument i got annoyed when they began following me.
right guy to fuck with identified
but i view smoking as nothing less of a sickness, and i'm a firm believer that if you can, you should help your loved ones, unless you take pleasure in seeing them suffer.
the cat has got some sort of stomach issue where he vomits constantly.
i’m also just annoyed because i pay a fortune to live here, and now can’t really work at home.
monaco residents terrified to walk through penthousing projects
resolute congress passes second amendment again
don't tell her how i feel i will talk to her when she gets here.
study finds 73% of marble statuettes of achilles used to beat to death wealthy dowager
after that i'd say he was one of my 10 closest friends.
computer analyst unable to fashion crude tools, grind wheat
i’m trying to get him comfortable with people and other animals and i don’t feel like this is helping.
authorities urge florida residents to prevent further disasters by finally standing up to hurricane
i believe this was largely due to his recent breakup with his ex (whom i've never met), and some drama that went down at my brother's wedding a month ago.
blindfolded clinton invites debate coaches to attack her with talking points from all sides
meghan mccain forced to live out socialist nightmare of empathy for sick person
i feel confident in my decision to check on b because he’s my friend and i’d do that for any of my friends, especially if it meant bringing their family members peace of mind.
spielberg panics, adds comical groin injuries to 'lincoln'
edit1: i should mention that we hang out a lot at school, i just want to know if i should apologise for the blowing up phone thing.
helpful museum map highlights exhibits visitors don't have to feel too bad about skipping
so after a while of back and forth, i say that all i have is my card, and he says to me that if we could drive to the nearest gas station with him to pay for his gas.
family impressed by extra effort father putting in to hide drinking
a bit of context, a few months ago my sister gave me around 90€ to buy a ticket for a concert with the promise that i would give her these 90€ back in vouchers for books.
isn't this what sub mods want?
fcc passes mandatory garofalo/griffin guest-appearance regulation
near-death experience followed by right-on-the-money death experience
as we walked through the intersection around the parked car, i had a "fuck you!" moment and smeared it under the driver-side door handle.
man wouldn't be eating at red robin if he knew bus was going to hit him in 18 minutes
my girlfriend's dad, who does not like me one bit, had a stroke suddenly and had to rush to the emergency room.
as such, when my oldest starts reaching his teens, i will start showing him how things work.
man stays up most of night rocking cat back to sleep
seventh-graders still undecided on disparaging name for mr. hyslop
christian bale glad to be done with most humiliating experience of professional life
report: 98 percent of americans afraid of 98 percent of americans
completing the estimated math and adding it to 3000 people,because all patients deserve curing,it estimatedly adds up to 20 billion liras without remainders.
i was clearly upset and when we got to a call together, she was lashing out at me for being a killjoy.
we have a rather crude sense of humor and would sometimes write some not so politically correct comments.
lastly she emailed what i felt was an absurd excuse.
i have serious feelings for her, and she for me, but she brings out the “jealous guy” in me, and there are times i don’t trust her.
(hella spoiled i know) anyway, in my shop of plumbing and heating, theres this kid who i will call steven.
'i just want a substantive, issues-oriented democratic debate,' lie thousands of americans hungry for unhinged trainwreck
i highly doubt the "food insecure" claim, but either way, she has been way too eager to let me pick up the bill when we go out to eat over the past couple months (even though at the beginning of the relationship we always split it evenly, or she'd pay if she ordered the more expensive thing).
doctors: cancer patients who watched the onion's amazon pilot daily showed signs of remission
so we're pretty similar in age here but with different responsibilities.
wife says i shouldn’t have picked the fight and made her cry over a piece of paper.
she then told me that she might be tired from work.
like i mean freaked out so bad that the rest of the party came to check on them as if someone had broken in the window.
study finds majority of non-shark-related fears completely unjustified
&#x200b; ps: my girlfriend knows that i am posting this because i am worried that i am manipulative, and she will be reading the comments too.
he is saying that this is how salary jobs are and i don't understand anything about how it works.
**edit**: none of them had any severe allergies.
petco employee stocks gerbils by the cash register for impulse purchases
all this was a discussion about wanting to buy guns.
except on front of my house since there is still snow.
it was a bit hard, but i got through it.
headphones-wearing pedestrian loudly proclaims iron man status
i find it so annoying, and i told him.
she stated she would think about it.
i reacted as i could, so i basically went crying, but within a few days, the situation got less awkward, and we kept being friends.
celebrities: are they aware enough of aids?
scientists announce today best time to look directly at sun
if i had to make a rough estimation, he probably earns on average between $200 and $500 per month.
i am also huge into demobass systems.
she doesn't want any communication with me.
my girlfriend at the time (now my wife) was offered a loan of basically any amount by her sister to help out.
we are fine financially if she quits and i have even said that she can keep working for at least a couple weeks to start looking for another job.
aita for breaking up with my longterm gf because of nagging?
grandma picks up our toddler from daycare and i pick her up on my way home from work and we start it all over again.
so we got to the party and it was awkward as hell.
starbucks offering new lukewarm coffee to help ease customers' transition from iced to hot
weirdly, he was fully single at the time, but still i was horrified because i could already picture what would happen.
hair dyed back to original color
they ended up making up and all was good, we all had a few drinks and were chilling.
he essentially ghosted me out of the relationship, refused to see me, belittled me and in our most recent meeting sort of acted like an asshole.
entire meal prep for week eaten by tuesday
a bit of background of why i'm so torn.
aita for telling my girlfriend she cant come to new york with me?
winchester unveils new 9mm stray bullet guaranteed to hit innocent bystanders
prior to moving in, the boyfriend and i spent almost every weekend for 6 months cleaning out the family home of over 50 years of accumulated junk.
coffee, presents for people, maccies etc.
this literally just happened so i’m curious to know who’s the asshole in today’s fight.
report: good thing world has unlimited quantity of oil
man in bar makes general inquiry about the ladies
so now i’m just making accounts playing off his username to irritate him.
well that's a huge red flag, and i couldn't keep setting on it.
pope francis attends outdoor mass in cutoff denim vestments
his cousin, who has down syndrome, is really nice but is obsessed with my dog.
does strange death curse haunt cast of gone with the wind?
used lots of little other techniques to build attraction.
her science teacher even gave her a card and all i did was do the time warp.
light playing beautifully off eric trump's gums at inaugural ball
at the time, i had heard rumors about a party being set up for those in my class in secondary school and was very interested to join.
we also have some sort of laws in our state about elderly people requiring super expensive driving exams if they cause an accident so this guy may even lose his independence over this.
bush proud u.s. economic woes can still depress world markets
while this was happening she started telling and started to cry.
colorful multicultural mural celebrates diverse lack of talent
weird-looking guy somehow manages to look normal in facebook profile picture
i pulled dogs behind me and held onto their collars while he asked if he could pet them.
this comes from a place of love and compassion.
i offer the drunk girl some toiletry items since she forgot them and we go to my room.
posthumously recorded bob dylan album receives rave reviews
a friend and i had made plans just under a week ago to hang out today.
'a cashier at our davenport location did what?' disgusted sbarro ceo asks
ive been playing destiny 2 lately and it turns out i really like it and am actually good at it.
we sat there arguing for a long time, she was crying for most of it saying things like “i don’t want to go!” and “don’t make me go!”.
local pet store sells living things to just anyone off the street
he noticed that all of the kitchen utensils were dirty and a lot of the pots and pans were scratched (since they're nonstick, they were kind of ruined).
ron paul supporter likes the way paul tells it like it has no chance of being
i’d say he was built athletically for the most part.
she said that indeed there will be some drinking but it will be casual and light.
but seems like she's keeping a list of all the people that have said similar things to her as her facebook is flooded with posts explaining these encounters...
pizza slice only has one pepperoni
signed 8x10 of tony danza draws millions to brooklyn dry cleaner
elderly woman spends day in park feeding pigeons dismembered husband
meaning when i'm ready to get up the aisle is clogged--not by the people across from me, but people from the back.
anyways, i was following sam's girlfriend (ruby), and i had ended up commenting on one of her posts.
i kept just putting work in to improve my own game.
opera ends on unexpected high note
that evening, after a few more drinks she came on to me again.
stock market 'best since 1928,' say investors
i was working on a quick circuit with a treadmill, some free weights, and a bench.
i slowly drove on the other line to their left.
paul lynde impersonation lost on daughter's friends
she spent her whole life dedicated to me, to our children & our family.
other people in the theater are turning around to look at him but no one is saying anything.
relationship experts recommend single women try bathing in open stream until suitor glimpses them through trees
and he had a fxr jacket on so i'm thinking "cool kid like cars and stuff" so i drop the clutch and rip forwards a bit, i know fwd shouldn't do burnout and we cant drift but a roudy inline 5 sounds good..
cover author working on word-for-word remake of 'moby-dick'
to me and my naive brain, i took it as a sign that she was using acid to try and make herself feel better.
he passed away from natural causes while incarcerated and serving a life sentence.
so we fought and he pushed me for “yelling” because he’s the type of person that thinks people are responsible for their emotions which is true to a point.
my girlfriend said that she wants to treat this as a holiday, and she took time off work for it.
i wanted something good and different in my life from the three years of hell and now i'm about to lose everything i have left.
they have always been fine with this.
i met her again yesterday, and she was acting really odd, i think that day we spent together made a mark on her.
prima donna species just has to have every part of natural habitat intact
i am working in the basement on my computer, i ask him to leave on the light in the stairwell so i can see when i come upstairs to sleep.
i can't study when friends are around, and need space on my own.
freshness escaping from bag of peas
yamaha ceo pleased with current production of jet skis, alto saxophones, snowmobiles, power generators, scooters, golf carts
guy who died playing 'league of legends' in internet café really starting to ruin game for other patrons
senator's myspace top 8 all corporations
cat totally unaware its owner aaron eckhart
it's been a while so it may sound like parts were missing.
i want to be a great dad that loves his kid but i don’t think i can be that, i’ve tried for two years.
enter the point- yesterday, my boyfriend was doing his taxes.
ted cruz worried all the good countries to wall off taken by other candidates
**customer** xxx xxxxx xxxxxx, xx 1xxxx **agent** thank you for your information, don’t worry i am here to help you, i’ll do my best to solve your problem.
new app matches you with others in vicinity who wasted $2.99 on same app
we also had another unfortunate complication in that her post-op recovery wasn't normal, as one of her legs temporarily lost function and wasn't able to move as well as the other after the surgery.
pope beatifies god in important step toward sainthood
bollywood remake of fahrenheit 9/11 criticizes bush administration through show-stopping musical numbers
their wives either really hate me or like me a little too much - the ones that hate me know i intend to get my friends back!
woman always gets best ideas while taking shower with two jacked dudes
he'd deleted me but hadn't blocked me, so i sent him a message that said something to the effect of "hey man, i hope you're doing okay.
it was bad and some classic "niceguy" neckbeard shit i'll admit i'm pretty sure i even cried in front of her lol.
stacey mentioned she was thinking about buying a new set of pots and pans, but never gave me a definitive answer.
we've been working together on it for a while.
then one night we were meant to hang out but a friend who was leaving the country called and asked to hang out so i told her we could hang out for a bit then i’d go drinking with my buddy and she completely flipped out.
we talked back and forth, she introduced herself and lo and behold she's the same age as me, has the same hobbies, quite similar mood swings/personalities, so needless to say, we clicked.
i know that if they talked the situation out, they would get along again and rose would've gotten the support she needed.
let's just say i think you could be a better friend.
i don't think it's wrong to have biological children.
i also had the expectation, if we got a good routine of consistently going twice or three time the week, that would be it.
the innocents do not know each other's affiliations, but the mafia members do.
their logic was "we're all women.
these past few times, i've let it ring out.
long story short everything was going fine and then it wasn't.
i told her we are different people with different thresholds and just because she can do it doesn't mean i can.
she had gotten my secret collection of "adult" magazines and exposed them to my family.
i was curious, like what is she writing about me??
i drink to hide it." for instance, one guy always says i look sad.
to this day i’ve only gone to a couple funerals, don’t know what to call it, but we were just in a big room somewhere that was catered and everyone ate in remembrance of my cousin it was interesting anyway ya i went to this gift shop place with ten dollars and bought a big bag of candy.
(non native speaker, excuse my grammar etc.) first: i want to be clear that i did not use any loud or agressive tone.
&#x200b; the new place was quite crowded and it was hard to find a table to sit at.
man who jumped motorcycle onto hijacked bullet train never thought he'd see stories like his being told by hollywood
i asked her to help me buy a stove, because we literally don’t have one.
he was pretty confused but went on with it and eventually told her to show her ass and she asked "with or without the panties" which my friend answered with "with" because he said that would be too much (don't forget that 5 days later she started to date my other friend).
when she began having her own pity party .
bachelorette party saved by actual firemen
the following morning she informs me she had already stated she would like to but was running things by me, and to reneg would make me look bad.
plus once word got back to d, she might have a pissed off white guy on her ass with 50 pounds and a foot on her.
furloughed government employee using time off to visit local food pantry she been hearing about
about a month later, i'm still madly in love with this girl and decide to try again.
our relationship was alway awkward, just because i think she's very in her head and i'm very blunt and spontaneous and we maybe weren't always the best fit for each other.
she isn't lazy by any means, don't get me wrong, but i feel like her responsibilities are way easier than mine.
even when they persist on giving tips we are suppose to hand them into our manager who will spend it on buying pizza for everyone or on a party type thing.
we found her in a dumpster.
casual christian accepts christ as his lord but not his savior
robbie knievel jumps entire generation's awareness
'oh, was i not enough for you?' amazon echo asks couple bringing new baby home
even if i'm wrong, i was still clearly coming at it from the perspective of a group in need.
wibta if i ask my friend to pay half after i cracked his phone?
y was understandably upset that i told her to send them, because i convinced her to send the photos and then she had to deal with x and her reaction.
"it's not funny it's disgusting i don't want to be covered in poop" i reiterate that i don't think it's her fault i'm not trying to blame her.
zz top reveals meaning behind classic song 'legs'
we made a penis cake by hand, we made themed cookies to decorate.
he was being a chicken and wouldn’t jump off.
all of this is extremely nsfw just as a warning.
nation hoping 'the newsroom' ends before trayvon martin storyline
guys' night out to include several key non-guys
so they came and checked up on her, and she was nowhere near finished.
after that, she just put her head down and nearly started crying.
that night we had a long conversation, in which i confided to him that i wasn't sure i could see myself in the long term able to be in a relationship with 0 sexual energy.
cop who shot unarmed black man let off with a promotion
he's in the navy, we live in an amazing little beach side community in california, he's a wonderful dad.
she constantly asks me to do things for her which i don't mind but then she gets mad because she has to ask me to do them.
kitchen staff warned not to make fun of regional manager
i didn't tell my aunt until she asked if i was coming to the xmas dinner with my parents and when i told her i wasnt because of the trip she seemed enthusiatic for me, i was kinda surprised actually.
he seems to feel no remorse and she seems to think it wouldn’t bother me.
yemen unveils new 80-story drone zapper
still, we were on relatively good terms with each other.
- while i agree, i believe that rules can be unjust.
aita for wanting to leave my gf background: i go to school full time during the week and work weekends.
i explained that i don’t really have anything insulting and that i could ‘joke’ back with him but i thought that would not be very nice.
area man fills important 'demand' role in economy
aita for making jokes that "went too far"?
former big celebrity finds new career as pathetic former celebrity
i can't remember but i think she was crying during this moment.
poll: majority of americans ready to give up on u.s. if someone else goes first
she confronted me during it saying that, i'm just letting him talk to her like that.
they just told me to go to hell.
during the summer he said "don't let her take advantage of you" i was confused but i'm beginning to understand.
aita for not wanting to sleepover w/ my gay friend?
cold panic grips stacey abrams as trump begins delivering speech almost identical to one she wrote
aita for being mad at my mother for not breastfeeding me?
new plastic surgery technique makes 40-year-old women look like really-weird-looking 38-year-olds
manly man wastes entire year's worth of feelings on single movie viewing
for those of you who want to continue to be harsh on me as if i hadn’t already acknowledged my mistake, i encourage you to grow up.
sephora makeup artist helping woman create the perfect pink eye
my parents are ultra-strict, and i'm only emailing you in the last hope that i can have at least a b this quarter.
woman doomed to years of hippo-themed gifts
can the american idol 2 winner end kelly clarkson's pop-chart dominance?
my so wants to do a program through the military where she could achieve her dream of being a therapist.
keynote speaker enlightens entire generation with theme that world is changing
**walmart bot** alright, here’s the status of all shipments in that order.
mother feels a little validated after daughter who stayed out late gets murdered
she was at the time enrolled in a mba and suddenly couldn't pay for it.
woman takes break from dating to focus on everything about herself no one could ever love
in my opinion, just the fact that he used the word snitching implies that he knew it wasn't okay in the first place.
i get a text asking me to come meet them outside.
at first a and i talked a lot, days and nights for about 3 days, then i had to go back to school because, well, i had school and am still a student.
fda report finds food prevents hunger 98% of time when properly used
i explain why it was taking longer and also point out that i have cleaned nearly the entire house these last couple days on top of helping her by myself.
he even said that he was the only american at the table who tried it, and that the rest of his friends were disgusted while the chinese students laughed.
loser can't even get wife pregnant
but the question is, am i really really an asshole and should dial it back in game, or are some of these players just taking the game too personally, or am i the one taking the game too seriously?
in any event, i considered her my closest friend, so it was surprising to me that she wouldn't assist.
he could rip it up in shreds, burn it, throw it in the trash if he pleases or his plan, keep it in the closet and give it away later on.
occasionally i might work a different shift but basically i work anywhere from 8 to 11 hours straight and at my job i do not get breaks.
aita for being very childish to a stranger who gave me a preach about passing a red light?
aita for not wanting my date to pick up an extra shift at work?
i'm not out to get this guy in anyway.
he then went to got sit on the couch to drink it.
aita for yelling at some kids for not including my disabled daughter in play?
webmd doesn't know how to tell you this
i have no control over the weather also i live in a state that is one of the very few states that would have better luck having someone win the lottery 5x in a row then us get hit with any natural disaster.
coworkers agog as employee introduces new shirt into rotation
when we did make some form of contact the matter was never really addressed and we just kind of continued being friends.
i was running on the treadmill, minding my own business.
i refused and said i know what happened and how to fix it and i will fix it.
the conversation started out well, or seemingly.
i also told her “ i thought u knew how to write a good email” which right now sounds like an asshole thing to say, which i’ll admit.
greenspan considering role in ocean's eleven remake
martin luther king bust first thing to go, romney adviser quietly thinking
they also said that the "set wasn't complete" and that there were mismatching spoons/knives/forks (probably due to the fact that they brought a few of their own and some silverware from frat houses ended up in our apartment).
**a week later** - text wilson about the whole situation cos me and him, out of everyone, are still kinda "good" or neutral at least, and come to learn that bill went behind my back about a month after our excommunication and made amends with all them and started hanging out in secret.
i reminded her we agreed to take a hiatus from talking, but she says "i just said ok because i didn't know what else to say".
he always says "yea and then you're meeting with -guy i cheated him with-" and because of this, i've adjusted what i do.
i have not talked to my friend since.
some context for this conversation: i had a falling out with a mutual friend of me and my facebook friend.
we attempted to get free electricity by setting the bill to the "average of your last year" and was only paying $143 a month for what was a monthly $900 electric bill.
library of congress adds 'no sleep 'til hammersmith' to national motörhead registry
nader supporters blame electoral defeat on bush, kerry
she doesnt yell at the other girl who fell asleep, just me.
i realize it's too late for me to back out, but i don't know how to tell him to *try harder* *to find a replacement* without being a dick.
i also have my doubts about my mom's lawsuit fears.
woman bids farewell to former self before beginning new skin care regimen
the group was aware that i was generally 'unhappy', though.
things like "persons name, get your dick out of her etc".
for context for my frustration he also lent a lot of money to another deployed service member for travel.
general teaches defense secretary how to drive tank in k-mart parking lot
dept. of transportation to replace highway mile markers with dead raccoons
i have talked to them in person once about the noise.
despite my shit grade, they've agreed to let me continue some of my extracurriculars on the condition that i spend all the rest of my time bringing up my grade (fair).
savvy man registers 'sleepy romney' twitter account just in case candidate looks tired
aita for not telling a girl my condom fell off during sex, then finishing on her back?
washington post offers non-subscribers 10 free articles to fact-check per month
aita for watching tv while i sleep?
aita for stiring up shit with an acquaintance and his girlfriend?
new hampshire passes law forcing old people to watch gays marry
but he insisted on having it all to himself.
report: 98% of battlebots suffer debilitating cpu injuries
aita for stealing my roommate's $10 bill that he had drunkenly lit on fire to let burn to prove a point that money meant nothing to him?
post was stupid, putting more than a couple milliseconds of thought into this i would obviously be the asshole.
nra: 'please try to remember all the wonderful things guns do for us every day'
i give the dog what she needs to live: food, water, walks, and that’s it.
birthday wish wasted on trying to bring dad back
i walk into her room and ask why she's taking the piss out of me.
i have made my opinions very clear to them but they don't seem to listen to me.
i counted up my piggy banks today.
few years in military would have really straightened out troubled teen killed on first tour of afghanistan
study finds every style of parenting produces disturbed, miserable adults
hello friends, i have already put in my two weeks at my current job, so this weekend holds my last two shifts.
annoying guy in movie theater constantly screaming 'get out of there, you idiot' at bradley cooper's character in 'a star is born'
then for the next month she says she wishes she could take it back, but because of how mad i got when she broke up with me she didn't want to get back together.
it was us and this other girl.
she is quite materialistic and i think deep down me being such a loser bothers her.
he has been my best friend since high school.
she did have a good paying job until 2016, when she decided to quit because the work environment was just too toxic.
and i say to her what’s this??
long story as all these things usually are so i'll try to boil this down as best i can.
**customer** xxxxxxx-xxxxxx **walmart bot** great, thanks for verifying your information.
i made a comment after saying “can you imagine how good you would look if you did?” because she doesn’t work out at all and looks amazing.
we are two well-off people career-wise.
took one bite and then immediately flagged down the waitress because this was not the move.
she did not contact me once to ask wether plans were still on or when i'd pick her up, etc.
local senior keeps busy with obituary-clipping hobby
she met my parents a couple of times, and we had a trip last christmas break where she stayed in a hotel with me and my parents.
just for a little context, i personally believe that dog owners should pick up after their dog because i like a clean neighborhood...but here’s my problem.
teen scores awesome oral cancer poster
why can't she just serve her and her friends their "food" and let the rest of us eat normal food in peace?
molly hatchet posts surprise upset in former deep purple district
georgia gop demands stacey abrams step down as candidate to avoid conflict of interest
he didn't talk to me or anyone the entire time at the second location.
germs depicted with menacing little faces
i could sit on my ass and watch a recorded concert at my home.
obviously, my mom would detest this - she wants us to break up, not get closer together.
my brain was in full fight or flight mode.
my only option was to drive her back home, but that would have added 5 hours to my night and it was already late, so i told her she had to suck it up and stay there anyways.
tldr: i am a single dad that feels like he’s personal life is interfering with his ability to be a father, wibta to put up my two year old for adoption?
americans take brief break from waiting on hold with insurance providers to celebrate obamacare ruling
aita for complaining about giving my friend a ride to the airport?
my inner fuck boy instantly said “yess”.
nation excited to see whatever bile the internet spews up today
my patience does not include spending 10+ dates together and then regressing to date nights that i must jump through hoops to organize.
new students, instead of starting at the beginning of the whole course (110), usually just start at the beginning of the new mod.
that shit happens to everyone, but i thought it was an easy sell, and i actually picked nice places for once.
am i the asshole here, for taking a stance against what i perceive as communist propaganda, angering a friend in the process, and firing back by shit talking communists as people, singling out a guy she's friends with as an example?
i know many guys complain about the friend-zone^tm , but i thought that if i liked her enough to date her, then i definitely liked her enough to be friends.
it’s a minor complaint so i’d mention it to my executive function councilor once or twice but it’s not a big enough issue to warrant more than a sticky note reminding her to clean.
then my twin sister says " what's wrong" and my older sister just keeps her face in the pillow.
tl;dr: in an open relationship with not much sex.
i asked if he would split our expensive london rent 80:20 and he got angry and asked whether i would put my savings in both our names.
i've always gone for significant reasons.
really do what you want to do with the system, then we can see feedback for what it is.
i have not introduced any of my children to my family because before i even had children i suspected my parents were terrible parents but i gave them the benefit of the doubt because i had not been a parent so i didn't know what challenges raising a child brings.
'modern family' appears at 9 p.m. just as prophesied in 'tv guide'
there also wasn't any history of me taking her stuff as i bought all my own food and just ate that.
m27 f28, both graduated and have stable jobs.
we had become fast friends and i had feelings for her.
let’s grab our goddamn sandwich and go.
on the first day i felt guilty, and when we argue i'm always the one who tries to go patch it up asap, so of course that's what i tried to do.
then before the peak we would go to another friends house(a), who has a huge field to goof off in.
eventually, she asks him if it’s alright for a guy to stay over.
t drives us back to my car, while driving, l says he doesn't like a and some other stuff about the trip.
--------------- another situation similar to this one happened.
i don't know why but i felt sort of annoyed and grossed out by the thought of her laying on our bed.
mueller poses as fox news host to coax rudy giuliani into giving him testimony on trump
ventriloquist dummy crosses line in suggesting partner is actual dummy
now, most of the time i have to actually use it but i stay in the stall way longer than i need to.
i was graduating that year and already had a pretty well-paying job lined up so i felt that i could provide for my kid.
they had about 5 or 6 other farm dogs and her lack of ability to answer questions about his previous vet records was also a red flag.
paul ryan smiles, thumbs up way through question about specificity of tax plan
she said she should be allowed to make mistakes.
im not the biggest fan of jack and to help him while he puked in my house was no option for me all i care for was that my house was clean(thank fking hell again for them).
i'm not spending $300 just to find confirm an 11 yro dog is sick.
you can bring her home tonight!".
i felt way more comfortable with kyle in the few weeks i knew him than i did with my (ex) bf of 8 months.
we were out last night, i got drunk and was out of character.
obama spends another night searching behind white house paintings for safes
brian williams retreats to mountainside hut to meditate on fickle nature of truth
'must-see tv' now enforced by law
when we get into arguments she asks why am i like this but i can't just say the truth outright.
cast of space: 1999 reunites for tv movie space: 1999 '99
the day of the game alex sends me a text asking what i am doing that day (this is the first time we've talked since before thanksgiving when i reconnected with his ex).
lockheed martin engineer told to make it sear faces off faster
i felt it was really creepy shipping kids, so i told her it’s gross.
viral video sparks national debate around drumming in public
cheney orders motorcade to gun it over half-open drawbridge
she called me an asshole for this, i think she's still not over the break up.
when we first got together i mentioned that porn wasn't something i approved of, but we never discussed it.
aita for not wanting my friend to use my stuff when i used to use hers all the time whew.
gf: maybe take it literally me: just being aggressive then?
after a few weeks she told me the feelings for this other person were gone.
i’d much rather go with my bf and i’ve actually already told my best friend that i’m gonna go to that party and i can’t just stay home for her because she promised something.
and i got all of this from school.
office manager still undecided about sharpie redesign
i totally flipped and told her that at least i'm doing better than her academically (i graduated first place at my school) while she didn't even go to college.
high school bully worried victims will realize he actually retarded faggot himself
i've started to push their buttons more and we've began arguing again, but i've stopped caring.
i flet a little guilty after hearing shes been with about 5 other guys in the 6 months we opened our relationship.
did really i do something so terrible by telling her that?
buttons just don't disappear, reports woman on hands and knees
aita for making "freeway buddies" ?
brutal cold does not factor into man's decision to stay inside for two days straight
about an hour in it dawns on me that she hasn’t asked me a single personal question about myself, while i’ve been asking her questions, laughing at her stories etc.
'good old days' traced back to single weekend in 1948
aita for having preferences because she makes me feel like one because of how upset she gets over it.
cat looking out window, bird form unbelievably intense fifth-of-a-second bond
fda confirms psilocybin reduces risk of mindlessly following society's rules like fucking lemming
i maintain a strict sugarless diet, in addition to working full time to provide for the house we both live in.
this one time its late evening and i'm turning in to the community when i notice 2 cars coming in behind me.
i was 18 at the time and summer had started meaning i was there full time.
she apologized to our daughter and felt bad, but was apologizing in the same tone you might use if you accidentally tripped a kid or something minor like that.
i usually do not clean my wine glasses, though i do other things like handling our finances and investments.
i explained that we were through months ago, and that i don't want to be a father, and hung up.
list of things man wants to do before he dies just list of tv shows
christopher cross finally reaches mexican border
6th-graders feel kind of bad after seeing how easy it was to make young teacher cry
i couldnt provide sleeping stuff aswell cuz i hadnt had a spare and wasn't willing to give mine up for jack.
we both wanted to bohemian rhapsody, so she bought tickets to the movie at a theater right by my place.
report: mom going to need you to pitch in around house after her procedure
i texted my roomates, c replied quickly.
so a week after this, my mom gave me a $200 amazon gift card for xmas.
sorry for that long intro, but i've also been interested in extending to faith towards moderating one of my favorite hobbies, reddit.
man updates little monologue recited when extended relatives ask how he's doing
nation's tourists announce plans to form circle, clap hands around guys doing flips and stuff
henry and patrick were friends long before i started dating patrick, around middle school.
aita if i "snitched" on my roommate for smoking in our apartment.
the presence of your car made r feel scared and run.
fox news channel adds laugh track
is it fair to me and our children for her to insist on finding a job for so much less in pay?
it’s been a few hours since this died down but i don’t think im going to mass with them anytime soon...
aita for being mad at my bf and going over his head because he didn’t use my brother as his real estate agent?
shocked 'our planet' viewers watch as david attenborough enters scene to break neck of starving polar bear
she never apologized, but instead mentioned that “we are not told when the water will be shut off.
\[regular weekdays are something like this: 7 a.m.
he started arguing with me and saying it isn't.
man's eyes glaze over whenever politician starts threatening to plunge him into serf-like subjugation
stupid man overshadowed by louder stupid man
aita for snapping at my brother this story starts when i got up to get something to get something to eat.
five minutes of watching indian channel leads to five hours of watching indian channel
innovative fat man combines waffles with ice cream
there was also an excess lot for about 40 cars behind the building, which people were occasionally forced to use and walk around to the front because the back entrance was a fire door only.
i told them that i expected there to be consequences for her actions because my white nike t-shirt that costs like $40 will now be stained.
she has really nice, long hair.
i asked him what the returns policy is and he told me as long as i had the packaging and receipt, they will issue full refunds.
ice agents hurl pregnant immigrant over mexican border to prevent birth on u.s. soil
nhl fines ozzie guillen just to see if he'll pay
this (to me at least) is not an asshole move, because the shoulder-driver is not waiting in line for the light but to turn to a different destination.
i totally support this girl and i really hope she finds happiness in her life.
jeff bezos named amazon employee of the month
me however, i’m a very easy person to irritate.
i feel indebted to her and her family for helping me out of a rough patch so i can't bring myself to say anything to my friend!
2 best friends since childhood - victoria and ella.
who pushes for more 'ouchless' adhesive funding
each of my previous girlfriends didnt last longer than eight months, and each ended on a bad note.
one time, i told my friend i was talking to this girl a lot, but i don't think he knows how close we are now.
freshman asks new roommate not to hide masturbation from him
mom calmly emptying dishwasher as if shrieking argument didn't happen 10 minutes ago
i want to be attracted to her, and i want to have a strong desire for sex with her but i don't.
the chat was mostly mods and year old subs "fishing" for her attention.
did you know about that?" i told her i understood completely and had really struggled with deciding whether or not to ask.
'wait, mr. bezos, you forgot your tax subsidy!' says andrew cuomo running behind limo
they started joking about how our children would have a “shit-like complexion”.
he was pretty broad in high school.
she wanted me to visit her family on thanksgiving and i suddenly realized i mean a lot more to her than she does to me which really makes me feel like the asshole cause either way i'm hurting her at this point.
food critic's wife makes the best lasagna she possibly can
baby knocked out with cough syrup praised for being such a good little traveler
am i the asshole for expecting my friend to help me out?
i ask my sister to go out to get it since she has a longer lunch break and panera is 15 minutes walking distance so i wouldn’t have made it back in time.
this obviously made me upset and i was also home alone the whole time.
he knows about my suicidal thoughts and that i was discharged because of it but he doesn’t know the reason why i had those thoughts he respected my privacy about it and didn’t pry which i was thankful for.
i wish i didn't have to be thinking about these kinds of things (marriage, children) so early in our relationship, but with all this pressure i'm forced to.
i wear out all my friends and broke up with nf over some stupid shit well he broke up with me.
emotionally, i was suspecting something every time she went out.
breaking: flight attendant currently attempting to pass cup of cranberry juice over your laptop
she responds to t by telling her 'please tell him i dont wanna break up' (t didnt tell me until about 30 minutes later) g says she hates it when i'm angry, and t begins to describe how she's in the right and i'm in the wrong because i 'didn't let u speak your mind' and it's clear that 'he does it alot so' she also mentions how her ex use to do the same.
my dad recognized the name and immediately said, 'is that the friend who's annoyingly shy?'.
white house running out of paintings to cover spots where obama has punched through wall
and i realize i have a lot to fix but my wife has a friend that absolutely hates me.
she attacked me and said that there was no reason to send this email.
and i just walk away pissed off.
it really sucks, but i know that girls get cramps and shit during shark week, so whatever.
study: major shift in media landscape occurs every 6 seconds
she hasn’t exhibited any of these behaviours to me so i think he is lying.
context: i own a 2 bedroom flat and rent out a room to another guy (found him online), he's been living here for a year now.
i've tried to sorta justify it by saying the guy i reported was sort of a rude dick, which i think he was?
she has celiac and meineries (?) disease.
aita for being angry at my 24yo girlfriend (oc 4 years) for only working at a cafe?
i've been living on my own for about 3 weeks now, spent a good 2 weeks thinking it over, and i can't and don't have the right to convince her to have an abortion, so i bailed.
&#x200b; the problems began after two separate incidents.
united airlines offering immigrants special flights that circle u.s. awaiting gaps in travel ban
man surrounded by loved ones feels awkward being only person dying
its getting more and more intense, and i know i love her.
divorced friend burning through new hobbies at unsustainable rate
she answered that if she wasn't in a relationship she would maybe like to be with me.
bush vows to discover, legalize aliens on american, martian soil
the photos were very cartoonish and fake-looking, and i am having trouble believing that it would evoke such a response in her.
nation was kind of hoping for different outcome when concerned citizens came together to make voices heard
after that i had a bit of a slut phase and then met this other guy, who is now my boyfriend.
i mean, i feel bad that she's lying to him.
i spent a bit of time thinking about if i should begrudgingly go along with it to be polite, or decline which is what i would rather do.
am i the asshole for refusing to stop calling my mother hun?
she is, after all, legally an adult.
everything better now in oklahoma city
last year i bought him 4 video games.
quentin tarantino breaks three-day media silence
i thought after the suicide thing she would go but she stayed and kept checking up on me.
senator feinstein wondering if now a good time to disclose 7 highly credible murder allegations against kavanaugh she received weeks ago
on a sort of side note, b called her account ‘(fakename)racing’ whereas i called mine ‘thereal(fakename)’ in an effort to stick it to her.
i held her accountable, i said "you promised me chicken last night, but you have to get them today." she decided to stay true to her promise and said i'll get them later, i pressed her on when because i wanted them for lunch.
she once kicked me in the throat and when i ran inside choking and crying, she was the one comforted because she was upset about it.
nothing going right for area surgeon today
expecting people to communicate their desires with me instead of complaining about it behind my back is very stupid.
in effect my roommates ended up shouldering a massive bill and my friend and i’s dinner/tab.
child at that awkward age where no one cares what he thinks and he's constantly in the way
for milo, however, when he would take >3 tabs, he would totally lose it.
wibta if i were to cut off and ghost my crush (who sees me as her best friend) after she got into a relationship with another person?
but i do not want to have a cat.
thirsty mayor drinks town's entire water supply
apartment kind where weed just left out on coffee table
aita for telling my roommate that just because his family member died doesn't give him the right to be a dick?
i dont have any classes with said professor, but i eventually will as he teaches my major.
there's a girl i've known for about a year.
she makes friendly conversation with me, talking about her work and stuff, and i politely smile and listen, i don't mind any of that.
new 'joker' trailer introduces iconic villain to same generation of fans
before, occasionally as a joke i call him “kiddo” since i’m older.
a balanced group, a few of them; dirt in particular, i've never really paid much attention to, and didn't really care about them as much as the others as they always had their own flaws that annoyed me.
i have never heard her talk that way before, and after thinking about it, i went over to her apartment and gave her back the wi-fi extender she gave me for her wi-fi.
person cropped out of match.com picture clearly buzz lightyear
but first she just says that she loves me but she’s disappointed.
thanks everyone for the constructive feedback
also, his schedule during the semester was much worse than the one from last year - he had to spend 2-3 entire days at the college since he was a commuter.
man playing 'battlefield v' has now spent more of life fighting nazis than grandfather did
advisors hopeful jeb bush finally has momentum to end campaign
i feel this is almost deliberate because she is tired of having a depressed loser boyfriend who can't take her nice places because of money, and that she is trying to break up with me by proxy almost.
you don‘t really get a shirt under about $30.
in which case you'd also have to drive around the mcdonalds.
so they weren't going into it as part of the ritual, it was always a platonic type of situation for them in their minds.
tenants forced to clean apartment before telling landlord about mice
i had a bit of alcohol, not enough to be wasted though.**
after i moved out she sent me a bill which included some unpaid hydro, bed sheets my pet ripped (these things i have no issue with and will definitely pay), a couple of cups that i accidentally broke and a torch i did not break.
biden clenches plastic beer cup in teeth to free hands for clapping
you work a low paying job, but drive an expensive vehicle.
conservative floridian enjoys living under sharia law more than he thought he would
she surprised me a few mins ago by saying "hey (petname) i got us a new tank ordered" at first i got a little audible irritated and told me let me see the listing to make sure we have the space in the guest bedroom assuming she meant just a small one to make that room pop.
it really is driving me mad.
u.s. advises allies not to border russia
ok so in high school i hung out with this kid i’m gonna call conor.
my brother will also be coming back to the us to search for work and save up, which leaves only the baby mama left in the philippines, but it's the best option for the baby.
last week, she told me she's pregnant.
she lost consciousness and vomited, with some of my friends who were not introduced to her yet at the receiving end.
literally didn't believe me until my other friends corroborated.
&#x200b; we were both shy, her more than me, but we were still able to communicate fine.
national security council distracted by whimpering jared kushner pawing at door throughout meeting
am i right in thinking i’m the asshole for allowing it to happen?
aita for hiding protein bars at my local coffee shop?
i'm currently in a hotel thinking everything through and i decided to turn to reddit for advice.
my parents told me they wanted me to try and stay away from kids that were from those neighborhoods and abhorred the school districts change.
basically i said it during an argument(ish), my boyfriend and i both overslept for college (uk not us so age 16-18), i always wake him up which is why neither of us were up, slept late enough that given the long journey there was no point coming in.
'what's our best path to 270?' gary johnson asks campaign aides packing up office
i simply remain quiet, as frankly i don't know how to respond at this point.
i met sarah back at the beginning of october, about two weeks after my long term girlfriend had broken up with me.
thomas edison invents marketing other people's ideas
when i asked her if she felt uncomfortable she said it was fine because she loves me and wanted to return the favor.
todd akin spends whole night wondering what went wrong
it's not like milo snuck up on him.
so i had a fairly expensive laptop which cost around $1200, but when i actually bought it i opted for insurance and extra cover for loss/damage (costed extra obviously, for a 4 year plan).
public outraged as price of fast-depleting, non-renewable resource skyrockets
tldr: teacher demands i waste an hour waiting for my class to begin every single day, because she can't excuse me being 20 minutes late even though i kind of have a reason to be late.
(i do realize that pregnancy is something that can't just be magically cancelled) my father has had several relationships, one of them which lasted for a long time and was really bad, leaving me a little skeptical when it comes to new spouses.
schwarzenegger admits to affair with predator costume
we have a big fight on nye but went out anyway and got really drunk.
this teacher is also the kind of guy who will berate students because he knows he's smarter than them.
hippie very involved in hippie non-sports
now, i work in customer service for a phone company, and come across many men who cannot drive due to not having a license.
i was like wtf, the insurance costs money as well, and the accident wasn't my fault.
nation's math professors announce plans to continue wearing chinos with running shoes indefinitely
study finds 70% of bingo winners end up prizeless within 5 years
promotional pen covered in deadly virus
ice opens new supermax detention center for most hardened toddlers
none of the models said hello.
'look, just tell us who to kill,' snaps u.s. general as trump enters 20th minute of rambling answer on syria
so why is it a big deal if i'm there just for a few hours while i wait for work?
i'm very supportive of his decision to do this.
so this laptop is like 5 years old and she got a new macbook for her birthday this year (4 months ago).
he gave me his password then.
man crushed by lack of filth on q-tip pulled from ear
pumpkin clearly had finger in it
message under juice cap totally applies to area woman
authorities confirm north korea now has missile capable of hitting sam waterston's house
this actually good news, contractor reveals, because now you know the real problem
as things started winding down and my friends went to bed, i sat down in the kitchen and started playing with the dog.
regardless , he did ask them to quiet down.
bf had a birthday party for a major birthday this past saturday and asshole best friend- henceforth known as abf, who was supposed to come didn’t show, with no explanation.
does not appear to be looking for alternatives.
now, i was pretty lonely back them, and so i thought it wouldn't hurt to give this a try, so i wrote a confession, introducing myself and stating my preferences, what kind of friends am i looking for,...
bob dole picked off by large hawk circling arena parking lot
she had a ceremony 6 weeks ago and invited their friends and all their children.
nothing i do is ever good enough is it?
(ps i’m sorry if this post sounds condescending)
endangered rhino just wishes his horn didn't make people immortal
i was 15 and didn’t know they would take it off.
gifted, passionate student really stretching limits of school's resources
i was riding the bus to school in the morning when i heard laughter from behind me.
some time around november of last year, my friend (who i will call devin) facetimes me.
home depot releases new bluetooth cordless hose
elena kagan asked straight up: 'you got what it takes?'
and when i say right next to my fence, i mean their dogs can literally stick their nose on my fence.
facebook users morbidly curious what site going to do with their personal data to recoup $5 billion fine
now, i think this is bs and that i was totally understanding.
i mention i am seeing a movie and ask if she would like to accompany me.
older brother playing with younger brother on swing set will one day con him out of $50,000
this is my first job after graduation.
and i know his personal life isn’t my business but i still feel hurt.
we have kept on meeting and i am quite happy with the situation even though she is still in a relationship.
chuck todd extensively preparing to accept whatever candidates say at face value without any follow-up questions
whilst my grandpa would always try his best to entertain me in anyway possible, she was the sort of lady who’d not let me touch anything in her house.
i dont regret the joke because i am not ashamed of my humor.
he invited me to his party on new years eve and i was excited to come.
i'm just hoping he doesn't browse this subreddit.
tl:dr i told my girlfriend's mother about something that my girlfriend told me, without letting my girlfriend know first.
i’ve heard the case be made that he was too young and naive to understand the damage he was causing.
she's stormed out and hasn't been home since an hour ago.
(boyfriend) mentioned you missed it.” and it is true that i’ve missed the food my mother cooks because i cook anything that can’t be microwaved really.
chili, short for chili con carne, literally means "chili's with meat".
pete buttigieg releases comprehensive list of fun personality quirks to include in articles about him
we made out a few times, but ashley didnt want to take it any further than that.
>him: i agree, but people are weird.
so fuck it, i'm going to drink the drinks i paid for.
to start off, i was 17m, my girlfriend was 18f.
i do not like to be seen by people in my bra.
“yes” she said “he was very good to do that.
i’d also like to make it a point that my friend who is also in my italian class was the one with the idea for her spongebob scene, and i was insisting against its inclusion, but it made it in anyways.
at this point, i feel giving a thank you out of obligation just feels off, so i just decide against it and leave our conservation as is.
anyway, i go to make another cup and she gets up and spills the salt on purpose and at this point, i was angry.
come back!" anyway, he had a bit of an emotional breakdown on the lawn.
new robot capable of unhealthily repressing emotion
i said my head hurt, he was responding with something idk.
nikki haley: 'the u.s. will no longer sit idly by while iran continues to exist'
san diego zoo displays first rhino stillborn in captivity
there's also some trouble with my friends and justin because some of my friends call him names like chink,ching-chong,etc.(my boyfriend is asian) that brings me to my current situation.
it made me pretty happy, so i went along with it.
aita for calling my brother a faggot?
aita for being annoyed because my girlfriend pees so much?
i’ve known this friend for 10 years and she knows my sense of humour.
researchers quietly chuckling at placebo group
right before my final interview with the ceo she freaked saying i don’t consider her feelings and her life.
i can't believe i threatened a teen girl.
i know my partner is uncomfortable with my past, but i don’t feel like i need to share everything when i’m not about to cheat again.
subway sandwich emits noxious honey mustard spray as defense against predators
man trying to leave hateful message at local synagogue frustrated phone line always tied up with other threats
after some searching, a mutual friend of ours agreed to pick b up and let her stay at his place for the night - if his mum said it was ok (i know that sounds funny, but it is her house so only fair in my view).
nation suspects leads in local high school play may be dating
eventually i got so angry that i went home, and eventually fell asleep, and when i wanted more details the next day, nobody would tell me anything, so i'm pretending to not remember anything, since they obviously were afraid of my reaction.
new epa regulations would force power plants to find 30% more loopholes by 2030
(in my case gas, but could be a restaurant or whatever) i believe most people would agree that this is not an asshole move even though it may be illegal.
new neutrogena extra-strength face wash instantly dissolves bad skin
aita for telling transgender person by his "preferred pronouns "?
i told her that i understand her and being cheated on sucks but i also told her there is a reason behind of it most of the times.
&#x200b; i was an asshole many times with these anger issues.
she really cared about me though is what made it so hard for me to walk away from her.
when my mom got home she immediately said "let's go get a christmas tree" and i told her i was lying down.
world's 22,000 polar bears forced to share last remaining iceberg
she said that she was sure there were people who had done it and it worked for them and compared it to arranged marriages in her culture.
we never really ended up taking a break, but during that time i ended up sleeping with another girl several times, even after getting back together with my now wife.
i put my foot down and said that this just isn’t the time for this sort of experimentation.
i then said something like "well i guess i could but that would be dangerous.
i left by just saying they were all insane and that it would be their fault if anything ever happened to my nephew, god forbid, and finished by saying that they were the ones responsible for his condition last year( i may have said this with a few more curse words) and then stormed out.
his girlfriend was regularly taking to me suddenly after the breakup.
film to be made into john grisham
stacey said that matt would bring the remaining things up to my boyfriend.
but yeah i wanna pretty much cut ties with my sister because i don’t feel comfortable or even safe around her husbands ghetto family and friends.
she said no one has ever said anything about it before.
dog named murph lives up to name
clinton delivers stump speech in moscow warehouse in effort to appeal to russian hackers
new michael landon biography resolves many unasked questions
his medication and treatment is fully covered by the nhs, the only things he spends his money on related to his disability is taxis and ubers cos he has trouble getting around.
horrified geologists uncover millions of rocks in sprawling mass grave
this was in the beginning of december and after meeting with my friend and her laying it all out for me and making me realize all this i stopped messaging the girl i was seeing and kinda started ghosting her and not wanting to hangout or meetup.
things started getting hot and heavy between the three of us, but my friend fell asleep on the couch whilst he and i continued to hook up.
christ to wed longtime backup singer
foie gras, scallops snuck into opera house
the first moment i put food in the fridge, i notice someone eating off of my shit.
baby bjorn unveils new infant bandolier for parents of multiples
aita for not respecting people's beliefs in regards to psychics/mediums seems according to one of my communities facebook pages i'm an asshole for calling out scams in the form of psychics and mediums.
'ghost hunters' enjoys surprising 100% success rate
st. christopher statue embedded in motorist's forehead
or at least to have someone there because i would be fucking terrified to be alone if it was me.
after she basically threatened to kick me off the team.
christ sues catholic church for unlicensed use of his image
it spiraled out of control and turned into a huge argument.
secretary masks deep depression with laughter during office banter
so aita for bypassing the line?
roller coaster designer's artistic vision sullied by fantastic four tie-in
but, it is not appropriate in my religious to just abandon a body underground.
dirty, disheveled scott pruitt confesses he spent last of epa funding weeks ago
it’s always super cute and we just let it happen because they love it.
you also need to recovery time after birth as well.
third-party candidate forms exploratory committee to see who can cover shifts for him in coming months
he's so much happier than before and he has no regrets about his exgf anymore.
i think i should add that my friend was fine with her being trans.
tldr; my dad resells things he finds on clearance, and i’m embarrassed cause there’s a lot of judgemental girls at my school who probably make fun of me because of it.
he said it was because he’s bi and i denied that was the reason.
area lady's gentleman caller under employ of jiffy lube
seaworld unveils new 20 whales stuffed in pool show
we eventually got somewhat close, and he started confessing things to me, crazy things that put him in an insanely different light.
republican establishment quietly relieved party no longer their responsibility
we come back after break and she has a boyfriend, even though she explicitly told fred that she wasn’t ready for a relationship.
at the same time, we would talk quite often on social media, so i wasn't quite sure what was going on.
we just had a fight and she told me i need to stop trying to help because i'm not going to be able to anything is she right?
cbs picks up nbc nightly news
i just feel like with this school they haven't been the best and seems very unwelcoming so far &#x200b;
i have zero interest in being with a lesbian.
also after 00:00 it’s not like she wants to go to that party or anything she just wants to come over to my place and watch movies.
i just want him to be shitty forever because if he changes that means that his life might get better and i want his life to be ruined by him the way he's ruined it the past 35 years.
john is still my brother, i talk to him and hangout with him and worry for him, if he is living with somebody that could cause probelms, i'm going to worry.
so, last friday i found out that my best friend was beaten really, really severely by her abusive ex.
new fellow came in to the job site, nice guy but new to the country.
his mom was the picture perfect wife and mother, baking cookies with him, doing art projects, attending every single basketball game, every band concert, every play.
a few of the people were local while others (like me) were flying in from new york.
if i really felt it would be detrimental to her, i would be fine with separate bedrooms, but most couples sleep in the same bed, and it works out so i'm sure she would adjust.
report: there only 17 total square miles on earth where gays not discriminated against
so long as she was able to go, even if for just a little while, it would have meant the world to him.
woman knows exactly which knife she'd grab out of cutlery drawer in event of home invasion
area sorority girl concerned about war and stuff
vatican county fair sets record for world's largest communion wafer
aita for telling my parents that they’re embarrassing and pushy i got in an argument with my parents over them taking my xbox off me cause they had a bad conversation with my english teacher.
foul play suspected in destruction of world's second-largest ball of twine
slow-motion woman emerges glistening from pool
the situation was that the other boy was picking on my 8 year old, so he decided to punch him to defend his brother.
hillary clinton to nation: 'do not fuck this up for me'
walking my dog this morning around 6:30 am after a heavy snowfall and yeah, i'm listening to a podcast and my greyhound quickly lifts his leg on the tire of a big truck, apparently the owner of said truck is the guy shoveling his driveway across the street and he yells at me and says if he sees me around his street again he's going to send the cops to my apartment...am i the asshole?
i felt bad so i said i don’t know about my health and after a while stopped responding to her.
i walked in and he runs up to me to give me a hug.
he won’t answer the door the few times i’ve gone down there to talk to him like a polite adult.
man trying to remember how that music they used to play before hbo movies went
both milo and i struggled / were diagnosed with depression, but he was on lithium-based anti-depressants, while i self-medicated with weed.
basically a surge of emotions rolling around screaming what the hell is going on??
m texted me saying that she’d love to go with me because she hates her city, and loves mine.
she is now not happy with me and although i do want to apologise, i don't even know what i'd say.
i thought it was great, and asked her how she managed to get such awesome results on her own.
trump unveils plan to address migrants with new open-fire policy
so this is to settle a family debate of mine that still gets argued about to this day and is responsible for a lot of awkward holiday dinners.
esp if/when they're speaking a different language.
haunted house guests escorted into vip section where they can touch the performers
it’s been 2 days since that and she’s still going off on me and i keep apologizing and saying i wasn’t trying to offend, be mean, etc and that i was just breaking balls, but she’s not accepting it.
am i an asshole for wanting me-time?
camp counselor assigning kids to horses like wise town matchmaker presiding over marriage
leaked george lucas sex tape includes digitally inserted footage of jabba the hutt
that's not annoying, they're being a nuisance to the entire neighborhood.
every roommate has their own desk and a rolly chair to go with it, which are comfortable for about an hour until your ass starts to hurt.
even on the heels of him being rude either intentionally or unintentionally.
this dog is everything to me.
&#x200b; to further add to my stress, because he was home all the time, i was unable to take care of my sexual urges on my own.
enraged man unable to break tv
she comes back and finds me asleep.
pregame foolishly squandered on actually planning out evening
i recently started to date someone who is allergic to cats.
but i don't want issues at the wedding that would ruin it.
parents finally cave and buy 33-year-old son playstation 1
mayonnaise, black forest ham to share top billing in upcoming sandwich
man who lost leg to whale decides to let it go
congressman boehner's terror alert skin set back to orange
we slowly warmed up to each other again with me joking around a lot and she reciprocated better than before.
i let this guy go, i felt like he was a dick, but he beat me there, no big deal.
in private i mentioned to a couple of my friends that i thought that was pretty unfair.
defensive laura ingraham challenges critics to try making list of prominent conservatives without including few white supremacists
i'm obviously taken back and quite embarrassed.
(i'm a bit of an alcoholic).
&#x200b; soon he starts getting really secretive when on his phone, mainly instagram.
aita for getting mad about bacon?
i turn 18 tommorow so when i went i was given the choice to register to vote and i said no.
so i walked to the store with her and the next thing you know, she began juuling often and was another person i could buy pods off of, as she also bought them off me.
now my husband and i have been having issues in our marriage and while we are currently separated we have been going to couples counseling and seem to be on our way to reconciling.
for context: i volunteer at college, working under the student body.
basically she is saying that i ruined her life.
so here's where it gets complicated.
aita for not wanting my daughter to sleepover in a dangerous part of town?
iranian team openly working on bomb in negotiating room
long post basicly the situation goes like this : i am staying over with my brother and his family, our mother is also living with them.
he's rather annoyed that i didn't even tell him i was switching i just would like to know what reddit thinks, was this just an asshole move to change or did i make a good choice.
entitled burger king employee wants $15 an hour just for dealing with worst of america every day
bored assistant principal browses through confiscated items
i have been in her class for only a semester (with another to come) and i’ve been through hell and back trying to stay on her good side.
area man has no idea how to get copy of birth certificate
its difficult for me to find games i can be somewhat good at, mostly because i have vision problems and have trouble seeing things correctly on the tv but also straight up because they have more experience than me and i dont exactly find it fun to get my ass whooped repeatedly.
she seemed appreciative today i started feeling worse (been a mild cough) i go to virtual doctor and they diagnose me with the flu.
as any person knows, this sort of info is disappointing to hear after you've invested time into someone you are interested in, but life goes on.
but i have a lot of deadlines that exact week, so i told him i will only do it if he can't find anyone else.
report: dzhokhar tsarnaev left really nice thank-you note to boat owner
a jewish prayer for the sick is a ritual (thats also why he needed the full name) , and as i said in one of the comments, to me it's like going to a witch doctor on my behalf.
most of the conversation is one sided from what i've passively absorbed.
i told her i didn’t want to get sick.
he says to wait a bit and then to say to petunia: “let’s forget about it”.
report: most parents willing to entrust children to anyone in character costume
man abuses child quietly out of respect for other diners
aita for wanting my husband to slow down??
i can picture the two of us really well together, both medical students, same interests, we can support each other etc.
which started a huge shit storm basically how i have no respect and don't care about my family, how she's going to tell my grandparents to disinherit me, how i'm an embarrassment, how she's not going to let me go on the trip and so on.
then when she gets me b&j ill tell her i asked for bluebell.
if i didn’t contribute anything to the main garbage can, it’s not my duty to take it out simply because i live here.
now this is what's been going on i guess you could say im sheltered and most common sense things go over my head and she's clear to point it out seeing how she gets so upset at me.
&#x200b; &#x200b; edit 2: i've accepted i'm the asshole, and i talked with my roommate.
so, for context, i [22f] have a small group of three other friends [23f, 22m, 21f] to whom i have grown close with over this past year.
her boss asked her to cover someone's shift.
happy to provide any info if needed.
when midnight came he told me the party was over.
person who will embalm you walking around out there
so while we were at dinner her mom said something along the lines of "we were disappointed to hear that you rejected our offer of paying for the wedding." my fiance looked very awkward all of the sudden, and i was confused because this was the first i'd heard of it.
i have sat down with her multiple times and told her what i would like, and even though she agrees she has never been able to satisfy me as a man.
it’s still very hot and we were out here for one or two minutes, when he then let us in.
like i have less and being asked to do more now.
this happened in first year of university.
one time i went a whole day without responding and she asked if she had done something wrong but that’s it.
'incredibles 2' forced to take out grisly cannibalism scene in order to secure pg rating
hypnotist looking for gimmick to set him apart from other hypnotists
he is very well accustomed to how my family operates, what is expected of us on events and how much effort goes into events such as christmas, birthdays, etc.
we live 4hr flight away, he visits her every 2 months or so.
again she wouldn't and told me to just drive her home.
she told me the following morning that she was moving out.
nature preserve sets up unrealistic expectations with visitor's center full of taxidermied animals
we always pay and tip the waitress.
this led to me at first responding slow, not wanting to meet up to last week and now not responding at all and leaving her on read.
aita for telling my boyfriend his pet bird escaped when the truth is that my cat tried to eat it and it died?
my friends tell me i'm being an a-hole for leading her on.
we have been very close for the last 3/4 years and had the majority of our classes together.
she was calling to tell me about how she and her parents got into a massive argument over the holiday we’re going on in 9 days.
i started an internship a few months ago.
i could tell that they were getting along nicely.
and if i can’t even get the confidence to sit with them, there is no way i can open up and tell them i have social anxiety.
poll finds declining number of americans believe they god
because i live dogs, and that kicked could have severely damaged that dogs brain.
aita for thinking this return policy is stupid?
in addition to the childcare, i could really use some emotional support right now.
god quietly phasing holy ghost out of trinity
also he said i should ask him to marry me again after we meet my parents but he already said yes so i guess i’m unofficially officially engaged.
i pay this you pay that style.
anyway, i know i said i was ok with her being friends with him.
in the background pretty much everyone from our common friends to my own parents and siblings think i'm some sort of awful witch who has started taking drugs.
previous tenant clearly not bothered by mildew
and that her teachers already confronted her about it and explained it to her why it was a bad email and she doesnt want me bashing her.
he also did mention he didn't want to keep dating anyone with a mental illness..
hr and i have always been kinda close even when they were dating we were all best friends.
so i'm slipping and trying to manage whatever traction i have.
obviously she blew up my phone calling me an asshole, and its needless to say that whatever this relationship was it's over at this point.
after telling her sister that she wasn't going to go, sister told us that the parents were not happy about it and were mad she wasn't going to come.
also i basically have the same job i had when i graduated college with a slight salary increase, i have not been able to take any initiatives at work to qualify me for a promotion due to my parent responsibilities and a lot of people that started after me outrank me now.
i just don't need people seeing me without a shirt on.
it's pointless to go home though with her just giving me silent treatment or talking shit to me.
study finds owning cool leather jacket more rewarding than raising children
who even says shit like that?
my job involves a massive amount of travel, and while i’m easing back in to it the travel is a lot less but will be increasing back to normal amounts as time goes on.
woman longs for day when first female president can have tell-all book written about disgusting vagina
actual problem a nice change of pace for anxious man
the problem is that it's all conjecture.
it's a game, and it's literally my job to craft an enjoyable experience for all involved.
we become really good friends and constantly talk to each other about our personal problems and shit.
she uses it as an excuse!
cure for cancer only 10 years away, announce scientists who work better under a deadline
after i tried to calm down, i went back upstairs and dinner was over.
it's a rash decision, and one that obviously flaunts all norms of social courtesy, but in my mind it's acceptable and fitting.
homeland security criticized for allowing known killer to stay in country
first draft of paper inadvertently becomes final draft
i figured that five is not too high a number.
i told him that i loved the romantic and companionship part of our relationship, and that an open relationship would let me satisfy my need for a sexual partner while still being able to enjoy our companionship.
mind you, he says he wants a child of his own in a few years.
breaking: we might be doing a bad job
everyone has the own superstitions and habits and there are plenty of baseball wide ones.
looking back, i think everything i said was just an winded asshole-y way to say "i can't do it".
this happened a few semesters ago, but i've been wondering about it ever since.
i' have no reason to talk shit or start something over your cough.
i was not badgering him to stay up while we were playing.
i still talk to the noodle gimp and we hang out from time to time, mainly just hiking or having fires and just doing fun shit without any crazy emotional engagement.
sedan was totalled and had to be towed.
the woman recording was the one who chose to escalate the issue, so much so that the racist woman moved tables.
report: majority of mothers would drop kids off at warehouse called 'fun zone' for hour of free time, no questions asked
trump shaping general election strategy with team of most trusted erratic impulses
it's usually a pretty small amount but i always worry that i'm making taking out the garbage later into a pain in the ass by a.
so i go; “damn girl cover your mouth ya nasty”.
while she was supposedly studying for exams.
when i texted she ignored it, when i call she hangs up without answering.
sabra hummus: cedar's hummus lacks experience necessary to become america's no. 1 hummus
gop releases new letter supporting kavanaugh signed by orrin hatch 500 times
he can't just wait until after my wedding to keep his promise?
i feel like i've broken his trust by snooping and that i am such an asshole for snooping.
my requests for corporate to contact me have gone unanswered.
heartless monster walks out of local small business without buying anything
wibta for putting my two year old son up for adoption?
use of organic peanut butter adds two minutes to local man's life
i defend pablo non aggressively by saying "hey man he just got the certificate saying that he knows the material.
media ignores cancer struggle of champion unicyclist
man commits to new tv show just hours after getting out of 7-season series
rush limbaugh's love affair with sound of own voice comes to sad end
we didn’t make fun of her directly but it was obvious that it was aimed that her.
republican party, average working joe bid one another adieu until 2012
aita, over the past couple of months i have been getting into tiny arguments, not anything major, more just disagreements with my mother.
coddled potted plant could never make it on outside
movie characters happen to pass through pamplona on the one week bulls run
i have never been in an accident i caused before this.
30 percent of india's population now under twisted wreckage
aita for wanting to wear traditional attire at my graduation?
i lack the same morals as regular people, and in the past i have engaged in regressive behavior.
government closes case on ufos after determining sightings just routine psylandorian patrol ships
so when it came to agreements about how long members of the opposite sex can stay over and whether we should let eachother know when s/o’s are coming over, i let them talk.
now i can’t see either of them in the same way and i just feel very little respect for either of them.
so i told my mom and dad.
i came home from doing laundry and was preparing to make a sandwich but there are only twenty slices in this package now, but two end slices!
new york times 'faces of the dead' editor just needs a couple more to fill out corner
aita for wanting my bf to do my homework for me?
fda: juicy green apple conditioner best used with juicy green apple shampoo
because it's not the first time that happens.
democrats unveil 324 million new slogans to appeal to each u.s. resident individually
biggest loser in high school adjusting to being ordinary loser in college
she became very upset and began to raise her voice slightly.
my friend was pissed after he got a test back and it was bad and started venting to me and a couple other people.
churchgoer blanks on why she is lighting votive candle
however, our relationship is all in secret because i don't want people to know i'm dating justin.
putin learns putin behind plot to assassinate putin
'no, no, dear god no,' mumbles powerball presenter after drawing pitch-black ball
besides, you really shouldn't be cheating in college, it isn't fair to others who actually bother to put in the effort to study.
facebook status update field dreading what area man about to type into it
i am not sure how you feel about this!
wibta if i wanted to cut of my friend when she hasn’t done anything but just bc it’s stress talking to her and i cba to?
'boy meets world' spin off to focus on difficulties of raising autistic child
**after the meeting** i hadn’t replied to any of the email chain past my initial message to l.
facebook algorithm mortified it has to deliver up so much embarrassing news about own company
he thanked me and immediately told her about it.
bobby jindal vows to return america to time when he was rising republican star
am i the arsehole to ask him to do this for me, even though i behave that way?
two nights ago was our third date and i was treating her to dinner at a local burger place in the city.
2 years ago i started a relationship with (27f) that i met earlier in that year while studying to increase my chance of employment.
so with no evidence on whether he needed gas or not, i just decided to tell him to meet me at the gas station, but i never went there.
aita for not wanting to send a thank you text to my grandparents for my birthday present?
am i and the others the assholes here?
when the semester started, i loss touch with her, i became more involved with my fraternity and shit had hit the fan because she became jealous of other girls that i was getting to know (not flirting or anything, but becoming friends with), so as the semester ended we tried fixing my issues of lack of communication and openness.
sarah huckabee sanders denies doctoring footage showing jim acosta in clown makeup blowing up gotham hospital
my uncle is in from out of town for his birthday and christmas.
7-year-old loses respect for shrek after seeing him in burger king commercial
i had a lot of fond memories with pg, and i had a few memories of mg when i was really little.
i did not make a choice to have unprotected sex, but she did.
would i be the asshole for not wearing a suit to the wedding?
russian nuclear weapons laid out for sale on sidewalk
i don't know if he does it because he feels that his position demands him to be overbearing, or if he just likes to tease me, or he feels like he's a lot older than me than he really is, or what other reason.
but, things at home have gotten worse.
he has done something similar before and i felt the same way then.
meghan markle nervously looking over clinic pamphlets weighing her options
well, since may, i've gotten my first (shitty,minimum wage) retail job, and am attending college.
my ex has only recently developed a spine.
hello, i've been on reddit for a while and this is a throwaway for this post.
my brother and his girlfriend were both extremely happy for us and everything seemed great.
i surprisingly get along great with her family, but my family acts a little cold towards my girlfriend.
i continued to live in the property with j for the next few months with no issues.
he was spending it low key at home by choice.
the last time we spoke, i let loose on her all the stuff she had lied about, and made her leave the party she was at.
i’m talking to my friend and its only 12:30pm.
she gets knocked up at 17 has baby a week before graduation day.
aita for kinda forcing my way into being invited to a party this kid in my classes is having a house party.
cashier forced to incorporate humiliating new phrase into every customer interaction
she’s a pretty big girl and i’m struggling to stay inside while her and her friends are pushing me out the door.
i was sleeping" i say "alright." and put my $20 away and leave.
he says that his dream would be to have a threesome with erica and my ex.
sasha obama suspicious after doing a little digging around on benghazi
candlelight vigilante takes commemorating into own hands
edit 2: thank you for your input, consensus is iata.
she responded with “sir it’s 33 degrees outside, yes she has that on.
aita for not wanting to give up 1/4 of a personal pizza?
i supported her until she got better, but her complaining just continued.
i didn't help that this happened over a weekend when a lot of places were closed.
my parents and i live in the us (we're all filipino), and we live a decent life (we're low middle class).
&#x200b; instead, she told me it was rude and told me that it hurt her???
so am i the bad guy in this?
i text her in the next 3 days, once a day to check up on her and see how she’s doing.
item 3 did not fit, and i tried returning the item.
i don’t wanna up my body count rn.
whenever my mom would make a claim, my sister and i would dispute with facts and researched data and tell her that her claim was false or that she was misinformed or point out when she contradicted herself.
i told him my "theory" of ted maybe taking them.
i didn’t even bother explaining my self because he wouldn’t care
this relationship has ben really toxic with constant fights although we like each other very much and the sex the is the best we both ever had.
disillusioned woman now wondering if any of her magical vagina stones have healing powers
the issue is that it's nearing the end of the semester and i was very close to failing my ceramics class if i didn't finish the current project i was doing in time something most of my teachers understand with the exception being my yearbook and dialougs teacher.
newspapers piling up on dead homeowner's doorstep
i'm trying very hard to lose weight and the best way that works for me is to not see any sugary junk food around, otherwise it haunts my mind.
i had just recently seen my brother eating from a bag of chips, so right when we were going to leave, i grabbed a bag of chips for myself and got in the car.
senile mother a broken novelty record
i understand you had your dog for a long time, i understand you cared about it, but to cry out of nowhere on christmas because you saw a dog mug?
a final dagger in the back.
endangered wildlife to be given new identities in species protection program
i felt like i was having an existential crisis.
i paid for this initially and have asked my friends to pay me back.
bf wakes up to get me at 6am and then goes to work at 7am.
the next day, i stay 3 rows back from her and didn't even bother to look at her when she walked in.
congress can't remember last time it got together and legislated like this
the hot girl sat on the other side and she was leaning on me, which lead to me putting my arm around her.
god loses pouch filled with crystals that give him powers
i have no particular reasons to suspect it's not going well, either.
which i refuse because a) i'm in my pjs; b) that was not my fucking dog!
ok, i do be coming on people too fast and too often but still he is gaining weight and looking like a swelling potato.
should i try to get her to adopt anyways?
background, i am 28m married to my wife (29f) for 3 years.
teacher bitches about paycheck to sixth-grade class
as a "belated" christmas present, she presented me with an envelope of about a dozen photos.
this is the most dramatic or controversial thing i've done in my living memory and i'm losing my mind a little.
i do not regret exposing him like that and i hope he will get his shit together before christmas.
3 toddlers dredged from chuck e. cheese ball pit
just so you know, the whole ideia of him paying for the rest of her mba came from himself, he was the one who took the responsibility, my wife was ok with just dropping it, as she had just started and hadn't already invested too much money.
he demanded we get in the car and go park elsewhere afraid she would somehow be the reason we'd get a ticket.
miracle overpass issues mysterious stream of urine
aita for not sympathizing more with infertile people?
woman has drawn-on eyebrows, nose, eyes, mouth
off topic, but henry has been extraordinarily philosophical, monologue-y, and holier than thou since he got back and it's really gotten on my nerves.
aita for not wanting to go with my dad to the cinema?
aita for continuing to have a close relationship with a married woman, despite us both having feelings for each other.
fast forward, it’s been 4 years since moved to the states now and i still live with them (because my parents want me to, since “family”).
i figured, hey, at least i now have a relationship with her.
90% of audience at college graduation involved in heated family argument
thus, i talked to the kid's dad about how his gameplay is unacceptable.
we stopped at an air bnb as a halfway point between destinations.
aita for stealing back a friends skateboard from my other friend?
so, am i the asshole for wanting to know if my ex-girlfriend was bisexual during our relationship?
however, i cannot and will not touch any feminine hygiene products.
but my other told him to get something to eat because he had an appointment today.
to combat this, because he won't talk with me about it, i often make rather cocky remarks about things he does.
aita for, after legally cutting my neighbor's tree and hedge branches hanging into my yard, dumping them back over onto his property?
pastor going on little spiel about seeing how in love couple are despite not knowing them for very long
hours are logged each week to make sure that he worked the minimum 35 hours (which is what is is payed for).
i have to once again pause the meeting to ask this guy to only speak when addressed, hoping we can squeeze out what we need to talk about in the little remaining time we have.
so i dated this guy for 2 years, we have some great times and he made me happy.
obviously i was the asshole in this situation and i have no doubt in my mind about this.
crane operator likes to start day with a quick 360
my mom was taking care of my nephew, i set my food down on the counter and told him to not touch it.
moderator asks candidates to be specific when describing hellscape country will become if they not elected
eric trump aims laser pointer at don jr. while flicking lights on and off to erase memory of russia meeting
grandma at mechanic to get radio stations set
he went and read the whole thing to other people which was never my intention.
but the issue is she doesn’t like confrontation and that was something we talked about last night.
i’m often described as a flight attendant.
im not telling her she cant talk about sean right in front of me, im just saying its kinda rude.
wibta for explaining that my bf (32) son (6) shouldn't wear a cub scout hat when he's not and has never been a scout?
emma's room is right next to mine, and i could hear a couple making out inside of it.
i called the uber and she asked if she should go home again then i joke “no it’s fine, i don’t want to wake up to 120 messages in the morning” and she went kind of silent.
she gets a lot of attention from guys and she never focuses on school or anything that matters which i openly criticize her for, but she insists that she is happy with how she is living her life.
dog to allow child 3 more yanks on tail before putting an end to this
as soon as i send that text i regret it.
jews, muslims, hindus agree on chicken
tldr: set up a nice dinner i cannot afford and my roommates ended up paying for me.
they announced their decisions later about who would make the new a team and b team, and it seemed clear that this was just a clique thing.
i know that shit isnt rational but my mental health is important to me and i dont think i can handle that.
first of all, his soon was taking place in the act as much as she was.
i didn't think much of it at the time.
the dad gets him in the summer and some holidays.
my husband and i have one daughter, age 7, and he has two older sons from a previous marriage (11 and 15).
that afternoon, i came in for my shift and my boss was still there.
i constantly get texts from those five people threatening me and accusing me of lying, to which i respond to screenshots of other shit my aunts done that my cousins tell me about.
index finger rips into toilet paper package like velociraptor claw
aita if i keep my maintain long distance relationship and also pursue other girls?
a few days later, a fellow co-worker of mine (call him anthony) complained that his skateboard had gone missing.
they aren't very giving to her though- besides college, they haven't given her money since she left home.
my aunt is usually really jealous of my mother since she always seem to do the pettiest of things just to piss my family off, but i think this time i went a little overboard with revenge.
winner of 'the voice' excited to use $50 chili's gift card
so practically, i’m the only one who ever has guest over.
what happend was that my so sent me a link to an instagram post.
pack of harpies ordered their crostini literally 20 minutes ago
dow drops 600 points over picture of worried stock broker staring at computer screen
he texted back saying to go to his room and his room #.
housefly tracks dog shit all over cucumber slice
and given what happened to upset her, i just felt she was overreacting by crying.
god seeking to crack down on souls smuggling drugs into heaven
and then tells us why we're wrong for keeping the conversation.
burger king hat put in deep fryer
i've always known these to be unhealthy, but it really started to hit hard with me after i lost two family members to these vices.
new york city announces subway just for amazon employees now
she called a group facetime call at 8:30 in the morning.....
facebook just filled with crazy idiots now
on the way to my car, i called the kid that i was driving home, told him about how far i was from my car, and asked if he was outside yet.
authoritarian secretary of transportation declares she has ultimate right of way in every traffic scenario
i knew the police would be no help, so i grabbed the trash can from my bathroom, full of used toilet paper and dumped it all over their lawn.
aita for abandoning my friend at a club due to a panic attack?
report: more american children raised by carjackers who didn't realize there was someone in backseat
'fox & friends' denounces bombing suspect as overenthusiastic fan whose heart basically in right place
she'll attend work parties and meet friends at bars frequently too with no issue.
i recognize bringing this up in person would have been the best thing but i didn't because i knew it would devolve into a shouting match and i was hoping starting the convo with a text would let everyone calm down and gather their thoughts before we talked in person.
man knows he must ride unexpected urge to clean as far as it will take him
i didn’t say another word, got up, took my boyfriends keys and locked myself in the car sleeping there alone in the cold until morning.
in that incident max drunkenly slapped me on the ass (not cool) in front of not only my boyfriend, but his own girlfriend.
sickly, starving rhino not as fun to hunt
dazed jeff bezos realizes he spent entire conversation thinking about how to automate person talking to him
i see people give them the money that exceeds covering the alleged fare, and they proceed to walk up to someone else and tell them the same story.
of course i wanted this, but my thinking brain lost it’s ability to stop it happening.
i know this is a tricky one, so thanks in advance reddit.
'les misérables' takes home oscar for most sound
and then there’s my friend, or technically, my ex-friend.
but then overnight i just started getting angry text after angry text from her because i guess aiden told her about the choad and how we buried him at the intersection.
well at that point she snaps.
i didn't see her as relationship material and told her this.
single parent wishes she had thought of abandoning child first
clinton questions obama's ability to greet world leaders
am i the asshole for first not pointing out the error on my bill and then not tipping when i paid the rest?
she kept telling me it’s ok but i feel terrible.
8-year-old allowed to stay up late to watch johnny carson's funeral
she would watch me shower as a kid and beat me when i refused.
constrictive dress severs rachel mcadams at waist
she sat there and had a whole conversation with her older sister and her 2 friends (separate conversations).
on this particular day we're at an after school club in the computer room and the guy next to me leaves the room to do something without logging out.
then, what pissed me off more is the actor in question is not mongolian.
this was totally unnecessary because there was plenty of other parking -- there were 4 or 5 other available spots within half a block.
friends excitedly gather around man's phone to watch shaky footage of concert
female director asked if she feels comfortable filming scene while nude
the only reason she has that much "fun money" saved up is because i am paying 70% of the living expenses.
trip to bar gives friends opportunity to sit around, do nothing in different place
neighbor said hi to me and asked if i saw tabby cat.
trump demands william barr prove loyalty by putting gun in mouth, pulling trigger
there was a huge argument because of what i said, but i wanted this to happen and found it really funny lol.
he has begun to oversleep and miss work days, likely reporting himself as ill when in reality he's just laying in bed till 4pm.
she told me about this when we first started getting together and i said it wasn't a problem, and it really wasn't.
hands-off mom lets kids create own psychological issues
longtime teacher retires without changing a single student's life
having said that, i would be very selfishly disappointed not to receive presents of christmas from my siblings.
i definitely know i’m an asshole to some degree, but i want to know just how big of an ass i really am.
he says to me " bro, i don't think you know how to talk to people" now, i know after the fact i shouldn't have said it but hindsight is 20/20 because they weren't the crowd for the joke.
assad vows swift retaliation on syrian civilians in response to u.s. missile strike
this was one of the worst things that could conceivably happen to me.
airport security pig finds concealed truffles
laura is not a bad person at all, but she’s hard to be around, for me anyways.
millions of white nationalists gather in streets, offices around country to normally go about day
tibetan teen getting into western philosophy
fourth verse of christmas carol gets super religious
we are extremely sexually active, but i totally understand her wanting one for when we are not together.
the guy's bedroom is quieter than mine (my bedroom is on the corner of the building, his is in the middle: so i hear a shit-load more street noise than him).
stop sign taking forever to change
i immediately said, " okay i'll just go to riteaid." i swiped my stuff off the counter and promptly walked away.
now it’s been 2 years and she has told her bf who she is still dating and we are still very close but i can tell we are continuing to drift.
i'm somewhat resentful over this, and mainly results in my wife and mil cleaning up after him.
this itself offends me a little bit because i take great pride in my ability to get seemingly impossible shots stealthfully.
3 dozen chemical, emotional responses activated by phrase 'pigs in a blanket'
captain's hat really completes street lunatic's ensemble
dementia patient's family keeps ripping her away from idyllic world of 1950s
aita for flirting with a girl in a relationship?
therefore, it became common to buy pods off of other people.
new liver can really handle its scotch
but this kid proceed to engage in brake blocking against said friend without talking to anyone of us.
&#x200b; so reddit, am i the asshole?
delta airlines counter agent assures man he will never see his family again
we were doing counseling (i have my own, and we have a separate couples counselor).
&#x200b; a month later we all had a bbq for the company we wrote the program for.
sweating, exhausted christian bale stumbles past 13-mile marker on oscars red carpet
i told him 'if it was never serious why did you say so much shit?
'ravaged' named florida's official state adjective
we generally take precautions to keep them apart and safe.
no problem, she likes him and they can talk.
**after i purchased my own luggage carrier and made other plans**
she has 7 "real" silbings and 2 halfbrothers.
the teachers normally did not stop her but if they did she would glare at them until they let her go.
my aunt then says that we can spend a few hours with him, drop him off back at the house, and then go out without him.
will make sure to apologize if i am in the wrong.
nation admits being so coked-out in '80s they have no memory of reading 'cujo'
i was speechless (and spineless) and kept telling myself "say something, just say something" but never did.
i’m not a stranger.” tensions began to arise at this moment.
i immediatly get angry and tell him "well then maybe you should get a real job instead of doing jack shit at your office and relying on mom's money all day!" to which he replies "get the fuck out of here before i beat the shit out of you" and i say "you know, everybody here knows that you don't get a real job because you're afraid of getting fired.
on top of that, i have a bit of a lead foot and maintain a speed usually well above the limit.
we’ve been together 10 years, hs-sweethearts.
i have been called a coward, and been told things like "people like you are the reason the country is so fucked up." am i doing something wrong by not wanting to participate in politics?
i felt super hurt immediately, especially as i'm giving everyone things.
but than you flipped you scripted and tried to become my therapist instead of my partner and tell me the things that i enjoy are because of some past traumas i could give i fuck about so actually yes it has 📷 \-okay thats it?
it is very sad that her gran died and different people deal with death different ways but as cold and heartless as this sounds when did she die?
asian man has thing for asian women
i've always been pretty reserved (read: virgin), and dislike touching and cuddling, etc.
drunk drivers to me are some of the worst scum of the earth who always seem to take some of the best people from this world way before their time.
she started crying and we haven’t spoken for about three hours.
i think my ex-husband would be fine if my husband and i paid for m's college tuition and expenses.
no point in waiting if i can see for myself it's safe to cross.
fast forward to 7:30p (40 minutes later than my wife would normally be home) and i shoot her a text asking if she wasn't gonna be home until after the meeting.
she's very passionate about the cause and says that she will always support pride and still feels a part of lgbt community.
he has been with me through so much, i have a hard time not getting a lump in my throat thinking about him missing me.
but they said after they’re not going to attempt to get any degree, and just jump straight into the workforce.
dog finds absolutely perfect place to shit
i left it for a bit, and g sent a very narky 'i'm sorry then' and i responded 'idk if u are tbh' g got really pissed at me for that.
arab-american third-grader returns from recess crying, saying he didn't kill anyone
i know she’s mature but women are easily manipulated and i just want her to be safe.
washed-up former spelling bee champion sitting in front of tv sadly mouthing along with scripps contestants
pantene releases new complicated 1-in-2 shampoo
&#x200b; when i called my girlfriend to tell her about this she got really angry.
1) she is also 17, and in my state a 17 y/o is not legally allowed to drive more than other 1 person.
guy in suit handling newspaper like a pro
i said we could plan my weekends for when he's off to watch the girls, or hire a sitter for at least part of the day, just so long as i have some time to decompress.
apparently a pair she had broke and she asked for a replacement.
heroic prego advertisement replaces refreshed webpage's presidential campaign banner
couple takes first steps toward divorce
ketchup not fancy enough for local man
that means i could be 29 by the time we start trying.
normally i just give something to her but this year she broke one of my chairs accidentally.
wibta for asking my male straight friend who has a gf, if he wants to date me (male) i have this friend (m 20) who i've (m 21) known for 1.5 years.
i was talking to a guy but he lived 5 hours away and distance isn't something i'm wanting to compromise on.
russian officials scrambling as plan to delegitimize western democracy moving way faster than intended
[here]( at every stage hospitals expect to make money.
queen bun gives birth to thousands of tiny rolls
i don’t answer his texts or snaps.
2 hours later i check my phone and have 3 missed calls from her and a text saying "wtf" i haven't been able to talk to her since then, but aita for stepping in?
both of them are saying i was extremely rude in my replies, and i acknowledge i responded while i was too heated and didn't think through what i was saying much.
disembodied voice in elevator wants to know way to san jose
so instinctively i said something i would say to an asshole.
i'm honestly sick and tired of her being a brat when things turn out bad.
however, i only spend time with my ex because we’re friends.
family with 2-hour layover sets up rough shantytown at airport gate
as we get older i only ever see conor at parties involving binge drinking.
however, i did not want to go at all, because i barely knew who she was, i was anxious about being in a wedding where i did not know anyone, it was far away, and i had to study for my two final exams on monday.
study finds 'missionary,' 'in love' most popular porn search terms
they shouted stuff a bit, my sister did a few things just to bother me and then they left.
in the call he was civil but he explained to me how the behavior by his son was normal.
this holidays i wasn’t able to afford a christmas gift for my gf and felt ashamed to bring it up to her.
epa urges flint residents to stop dumping tap water down drain
man hates it when other guys treat his girlfriend with respect
rahm emanuel breaks ground on new jason van dyke police academy
slowly i found myself becoming more and more interested in her romantically which made me feel extremely guilty since i was already in a relationship and still very attracted to my girlfriend.
maria butina slips away after binding half-naked, blindfolded robert mueller to bed
rosetta stone offers new spanish language course for pandering presidential candidates
doctor asks new mother if she'd like to keep newborn's exoskeleton
saying that they should have had someone available and on hand (or at least on-call) to be able to address potential issues, especially major ones that are completely prohibiting the game from being played.
new blog piece on woody allen to settle everything
again we were both long time, serial daters in our late 30’s who felt we met our match when we got together.
critics worried new cia report puts u.s. at considerable risk of transparency
he works for his dad’s general contracting company as a 1099 employee, and i know for a fact he doesn’t pay taxes.
she and him laugh a bit but then he leaves after i give him the evil eye.
maybe they were sending me a message.
am i an asshole for trying to convince her to set her goals a bit higher.
woman with shitty job her own boss
but i canceled last second to go watch the cowboys lose.
eventually that friend turned into new boyfriend, but this time i was jaded from my past experience.
girlfriend just wants to have low-key, laid-back valentine's day fight this year
i did not want to go overboard so that she wouldn't notice a drop in friends.
so pardon my french, but what the fuck?
"ok, sure - she hangs out with you - that her decision", etc.
lonely elderly man visits pond to pelt ducks with rocks
didn't end up doing it (yay!), but it was a very close thing.
&#x200b; so my viewpoint is that her mom would merely be helping out in a way that she has before, and that it's not unreasonable of me to leave this for her to do, especially since i've dedicated much more resources to her parents and brother over the years than they have to me.
he tells me to just go home for the day which i do.
i don’t want to waste money on more skin care products.
to be honest, it kind of felt like he was distant and not as intimate as he normally was.
maybe i'm overreacting but it feels like the right thing to dom because i'm unhappy.
then last week, after the whole birthday thing, i told him it'd be better if we didn't talk anymore.
my boyfriend is the sweetest guy (at least to me) and he always prioritize his well-being ahead of mine.
i figured that was completely reasonable, but apparently not.
so i had been brainstorming solutions on how to fix it.
ilhan omar disrespectfully refers to america as 'a place'
aita for telling my girlfriend that she could just go sleep outside in the cold when she complained about the noise from my fish tanks' filters preventing her from sleeping?
a few days before he got into town i asked him for his number and what day we can meet.
i’m sorry about venting too long.
bf is an extremely athletic guy, but i don't think he's more physically attractive than i am, just more fit.
&#x200b; at this point i feel a bit like i've been taken advantage of.
there are more details, but the important takeaway is that i didn't respect her desire to not engage with what i was wanting during that moment.
don't want to get into details on that.
area dad figures he's got at least three more months of screwing around before son gains ability to form long-term memories
so i decided to decline, saying i would like to just be a guest.
it made me feel unique and wanted and it just felt good to hear that.
this morning, i asked my mother, who was running some errands, to pick up some additional bananas to make banana bread for everyone.
editors of '401 best soups' cookbook still fighting
he doesn't like children or other dogs, but tolerates them unless they get in his face.
i could have just told him i didn’t need it, but in my drunken state i just poured it out on the floor.
i just don't hangout after school with her anymore because she doesn't go online.
there was a text from one of her coworkers which didn't raise too many red flags so i just convinced myself i was being paranoid.
she has tried repeatedly to make me see my psychiatrist, but i'm busy.
christianity: is your family at risk?
real estate insiders to keep close eye on newborn sired by 3-time re/max sales champion
sorry not sorry, that’s the rule, we win that round again, then they scratch on the break.
then this afternoon i looked out the front door as my daughter typically likes to read on the outdoor setting on the veranda.
she ,in a rather demeaning way, said “you just work here part time.” she disagreed with me.
i really want my daughter to go to a top tier school as my daughter has stated many times she wants to either go to john hopkins, stanford, nyu or columbia.
probably the weed) i told the 3, a,l and t that i want to be alone for this part.
list of politically achievable reforms down to just three minor changes to traffic code
i’m a senior in college and i live with three roommates in an apartment.
man just walked into best buy for no reason whatsoever
i don't think this is fair for a number of reasons, the biggest being that i'm not a mind reader and wouldn't know anything about her finances because she expressly told me her medical bills were none of my business.
i was struggling in physics and justin was really good so i asked justin for help and we started talking more and more.
heartbreaking yelp review says it's just nice to eat a meal around other people
nation excited for some insane k-pop shit during opening ceremony
i cant even look at him without thinking that theres more to him than i thought.
a year ago, an old coworker of mine let me use a wool pashmina and a wool hat for a trip i was taking over winter; i tried to return it to her within the month i returned but she said she was ok for now and didn’t want it back at that moment.
i know our politicians aren't saints, but to watch how this trump lead gop has turned the us into a laughing stock is quit remarkable, and scary.
maybe he seemed more attractive when she was drunk.
my mother talked to my godmother and said that i had heard the conversation too (apparently my godmother also overheard the conversation).
the head was quite clearly a sjw or a suck up if you looked at him, he seems quite privileged so probably the reason he thought i was the bad one.
free toothpick transforms schlubby restaurant-goer into aloof bad boy
then a few minutes later while i'm laughing that a fuckload of people are getting raided, a dorm meeting is called (its around 10:00 pm at this point).
he explained that it was gutted and cleaned and roasted over a fire with spices etc.
we spent the next week talking how we usually did; facetiming until 6am, him making way too many sexual jokes, and me being overly gushy and appreciative.
however i will be away for work during that time.
study links clinical depression to getting dunked on
no one in my family knows i have social anxiety.
area man suddenly realizes he's the one who's been killing off world's bee population
hire of local moron gives nation hope for employment
we haven't talked yet and she went to meet this man and then will be at a friends house for newyears eve.
tbs once again leads all networks in leslie nielsen ratings
man psyches self out during selection of ice-cream flavor
i offered the newer one as it has more safety features.
michele bachmann thankful no americans died in sikh shooting
**tl:dr:** reported a kid for selling pot because i was bored and felt like being a dick.
area man thinks movie he saw should have been nominated
for the sake of my sanity, he'll be called vincent.
trump orders all flags to half-staff in honor of american killed on episode of 'blue bloods'
obama's record-breaking fundraising effort bankrupting npr, world wildlife fund, aclu
boyfriend can really envision losing his sense of self long-term with this one
i apologized profusely and explained this to her, and she accepted my apology.
aita for been pissed off with my now ex girlfriend because i worked unpaid to see her more despite her not asking me to?
now i speak fluent french, although i'm rusty, having done it for 7 years through school (ages 11-18) and using it during my degree for research.
man has eaten last 75 meals out of container or carton
the old guy in the truck was mouthing swear words at me.
convention-goer removes name tag, vanishes back into world of anonymous hilton orlando guests
we’ve just finished the semester so normally all four of us would go home for winter break, and the apartment would sit empty.
fifth level of video game reached during phone call to mom
morton unveils individually wrapped salt grains
dhs announces racial profiling free-for-all this sept. 11
i send texts apologizing for ruining the evening and promise to pay him back for the ticket he bought for me and that i’ll make it all up to him.
i'd take the bus at 11:10, be at school at 11:55 and then wait for 45 minutes, with (usually) nothing to do since we don't get homework or books.
seed of world war iii planted in beijing middle-school gym class
during the middle of dinner, i told my friend i was going to head downstairs to try and warm up.
sex shop bathroom key attached to 18-inch double dildo
i told him don't and pulled it back out of his hands.
i now know that i should have done more research, i should have pushed back on my girlfriend's excitement at the shelter, and insisted that we prepare ourselves before diving into such a commitment.
she meets with another dude, a classmate who i havent interacted with.
b became incredibly passive-aggressive, and i got a text from a saying he was with b, and that she had ‘spent the last two hours talking to instagram support so she could reset the password’ which is total bullshit.
fast forward now 5 year later, i’m a 23 yrs.
so i work with my sister at a jewelry store at our local mall.
there's a saying that playing diplomacy (or monopoly or some other game) is the fastest way to lose friends.
melania trump's plane forced to make emergency landing after smoke begins billowing out of first lady
tl:dr i play games on a daily basis and my dad hates it.
with all sincerity, help me determine, see, and possibly change if i am the asshole
about a year ago he came out as bi, if course no one likes him any else because of it but i feel like some things are weird now.
we were best friends and had a falling out (too long to get into this post) recently she contacted me and apologized and i forgave her.
i've gotten ignored, dirty looks, eye rolls, mean comments, etc.
but for some reason i couldn’t control my face, so i had my hand on my face.
robert de niro to turn 58 for movie role
it’s pretty flat and squishy but i’d prefer a larger and firmer ass.
we are best friends and don't have any problems with the relationship but i am trying to be realistic in that we should enjoy our lives and whilst i don't particularly like the thought of it, she shouldn't have to hold back and not enjoy uni for me.
at the time of this story, he tried to communicate to me that he felt as though he had done nothing wrong and that i was acting like a baby.
kim jong-un comes out in support of gay marriage: 'i'm not a monster'
&#x200b; i then pointed out that it would really hurt his feelings if i went without him, since he wanted to go so badly and would miss out on fun.
tl;dr: so, reddit, am i the asshole for not wanting to pay a restaurant to cook my meals because i practically have a private chef of my very own?
background: i'm a stay at home dad married with two young boys.
how do i get her to understand where i’m coming from?
he looked at his watch while i was driving by though.
at the same time, i never really know what somebody really could use.
so not only will my ex see, but her family and just abut everyone i know will see.
overall, i'd say it's within casual flirting territory, but not too deep.
i can't remember exactly what the note said but i think it was along the lines of "hey my friend (name) drank one of your juices, really sorry so here is a pound to replace one".
trump sits down beside fire with quill and ink for evening writing out tweets
aita for wanting to call him even though he was tired??
dermatologist recommends not caring so much what other people think
i always worry about him but he tries to reassure me, but i feel bad because i feel like i am being too controlling.
aita for being upset that my boyfriend didn't reply to my text to watch videos instead clarification my boyfriend is out of the country.
report: morbid curiosity now accounts for 79% of nation's snack food purchases
aita for snapping at my co-worker?
spouse under fire for telling anecdote wrong
'ultra hammer' to revolutionize modern pounding
they've witnessed many incidents with me on my medication.
at first she's understanding then becomes upset when i say her success is because she's a girl.
so i, john jacob jingleheimer was named after my dad and grandpa, john and jacob.
telemundo continues winning streak with incomparable lineup of high-quality scripted programs, award-winning journalism
i was also informed, by the aforementioned therapist, that there are groups of people who maintain a position of authority that are legally obligated to report all accounts of known sexual abuse.
&#x200b; my parents got divorced when i was 12 and after that i lived with my mom.
'you are the jewel of my collection,' says saudi prince while guiding frightened jared kushner toward harem
i told him i'd really appreciate if he'd occasionally wait and invite me to watch, too.
thanks for taking the time to share your input with me.
aita for sticking to the "i told you so" route and not paying for her dad's debts on her behalf?
i know i’m not the easiest to get along with, but talking about my kid and my ability to parent kinda sent me off the edge.
man suddenly realizes he was duped by commercial's romanticized vision of canned beans
creative asterisk makes reader unaware of word 'fuck'
aita for telling my close friend to leave starbucks okay so i live relatively close to a starbucks and my close friend goes to the same starbucks despite living across town, with numerous starbucks near his place.
fan has list of dream marketers he'd love to see handle next spider-man film
unclear why stagehand wrote heartfelt little notes to everyone in cast
chemicals that pushed man's ancestors to run down wild boar flare at sight of white cheddar popcorn bag
she says that her and the kids are going to dinner.
she generally isn't interested in all things sex at all.
its not my first choice but im down.
they are so cute and i love them.
we all hold hands, do everything together, and are generally super close.
8 simple rules laugh track replaced with somber string arrangement
i hated working with brittney because she would always sit in the golf cart (we rode around the property on golf carts to move stuff quickly) and not do anything.
at any rate, i haven't seen that car parked in that spot since then, so i guess the message was received...
casual drink with acquaintance actually first move in elaborate chess game to get hired at united.com
everyone was buzzing because i was someone new and we were all excited of moving in.
netflix gently reminds 'arrested development' fans that new episodes of the show won't actually solve world's problems
and he only sent it to grad students (which is why i got it).
historical archives: two feared dead in near-by child-birth
unemployed man vows to wake up early, finish watching movie
married couple frustrated after months of unsuccessfully trying to sell a baby
well this all came to a boil a few weeks ago and i finally said something along the lines of “you don’t even know me, please don’t judge me and please stop talking shit about me to my boyfriend”.
today she decided the best idea is to kick her out the room before she goes to school.
my girlfriend on the other hand is not happy.
makers of good friends cereal not sure how two pictures of ann coulter got on box
cute, fun, immature, sexual and promiscuous and flirtatious (possibly a nymphomaniac).
documentary about grisly murder inspires dozens of copycat documentaries
atlantic records sends cease-and-desist order to woman using lizzo's 'juice' as her personal anthem
fred willard a huge hit at counseling session
he begs to know what that first thing was but i didn’t think it was kind and it’s not something that i would say out loud.
at the time i told her, my dad was travelling, so he knows i have a boyfriend but not that said boyfriend is black.
she then grabs her pencil case and hit me over the head.
car salesman three desks over going on and on about chick he banged last night
this got to the point where one friend threatened to never see me again.
my boyfriend is extremely family oriented and protective of his family.
vacation to israel canceled due to history of israel
mike pence disappointed god has never asked him to kill one of own children
i realise that he has absolutely no obligation to do this for me.
you okay?' because i'm a little worried now.
my wife and i both work full-time, with day jobs and a very time-consuming side hustle that is not yet profitable.
my boyfriend takes night classes and works during the day, so unfortunately i only get to see him kinda late in the night.
bose releases new headphones specifically optimized for listening to whitney houston's 'how will i know?'
at this point she was sobbing.
she tells me that she loves me and sees me as someone she would like to marry in the future.
barnes & noble staffers mock orson scott card crowd from back of room
in the purest form of the game, it is a game of deception and psychological analysis.
then she asks me to rub it for her, regardless of where we are or what were doing.
she always said she wanted las vegas penthouse suite!
we discussed about it a lot afterwards, because from this point, i just couldn't keep a sadness for me which was both irrationnal and easy to sort for her.
i looked forward to seeing her when i'd get home from my hitches.
she identified as gay but when she met me, in her words "i've always been open minded and if i fancy a girl, i fancy a girl, if i fancy a guy, i fancy a guy - it just so happens i've never fancied a guy before you".
aita for ending my 11 year old friendship with my best friend 2 weeks after her wedding?
new religious freedom bill gives small business owners right to annul any gay marriage
( in all those situations we don't get paid if we're not there to make it happen, and seeing him get paid to basically sleep in or not go at all just ticks me off.
nation's sleep experts recommend cutting down on strobe light before bedtime
she's a really intelligent girl and this was some upper-level evil genius type ability to hide her problem.
i have said it before and in that same breath i said "i've had a cough for over a month before and didn't see the doctor".
he usually takes of his shirt when we fuck or whatever, but he doesn’t want to right now.
&#x200b; i was invited to have dinner with my aunt and grandmother at a restaurant, where we were just having a casual conversation about phones.
she wants to know why bc she picked these gifts since it was white elephant.
i ask how long she's been in the united states, and she said she's been here since a certain young age (i don't quite remember the little details of the conversation).
michael brown audiotapes conclusively reveal exactly what you want them to
i tried avoiding the convo but to no avail...
historical archives: a salt cake recipe
i got a little heated saying his injuries were too good for someone who drives drunk frequently and hope he learns his lesson.
i understand why she is doing it and i wish to help her through this grief but i shouldn't be expected to throw away my beliefs to suit her, nor would i expect her to, say, come to church for my sake.
he swears it was the day after she died but i believe it was after her funeral.
after we had settled those things l, i communicated to her that i felt lucky and that i must have good karma.
if someone asks that i move my bag, i obviously oblige.
4 years now of sleep deprivation related brain damage have left me staggering through each day, barely awake some days, dosed up on coffee other days.
something that is decidedly not the message you want a professor to be conveying.
i kept making limits to the number of times we saw each other (1 time by week).
i go to tell her to stop, since there are people with actual depression.
im apologising to as many people as i can for lying straight to their faces over the internet.
trump campaign selects mike pence as concrete reminder that this all really happening
during our conversation mentioned in the main part she had pretty much said she wanted to cheat which idk in my mind is just about identical to actually going through with it so there wasn't much point to me saying no to save the morality of the situation.
so, seeing each other is very rare.
i don’t have time for this shit” am i an asshole or did she freak out?
he knows he’s obese, he’s sensitive, but won’t step up.
this is bad on my part but if i see an unopened picture i open it sometimes.
i expressed the importance as his friend who had served in the military, who now works as a contractor for the government etc,etc.
kindergarten class burning through 6 hamsters a year
t doesn’t laugh at most of these jokes, but does not tell l to stop.
i’ll tell you why she apparently can’t.
and in january i asked her to loan me my rent, and she just paid it outright instead so i did get my christmas present after all, and was very grateful.
now he is mad at me and feels i was in the wrong.
so any where from $55,000 to $90,000 in damages.
this is not as uncommon in my country, since people tend to move out of their parents homes really late here.
wrinkly, oversized trench coat returns to stage for 34th season with local community theatre
d also has a *long* history of being easily offended by things, we had a falling out for a year over me not wanting to be part of a youtube group he created) d explains that he can’t fix what’s in the past, i’ve been mean to him before and that i’m not taking m’s feelings into consideration.
about three weeks ago, girlfriend was driving while i was a passenger.
lindsey buckingham asks for more screaming at stevie nicks in monitor
aita because my girlfriend thinks i called her a gold-digger during an argument.
we never even have any sex.
serial killer makes impassioned case for protecting local marsh
anyways, i was at at my best friends super bowl party yesterday, he invited about 10 friends and told a couple of us to bring our dogs.
&#x200b; friday rolls around and fully expect the same but no, when i get in my supervisor tells me shes been in contact and turns out her gran died.
i didn't even think about it.
er doctor secretly thinks of self as ward's george clooney
i know they are happy with their current education, but the second m gets something remotely nice they all freak out on me.
nation finishes romantically pairing off except for the losers
the apartment was originally bought by my parents for all three of us and i grew up there.
colombian teen going through anti-government guerilla phase
obama asks biden not to stand so close
for a doctoral earning therapist, she’s amazing.
he is claiming that our chickens have destroyed his flower beds (it’s the dead of winter, but i can’t see where the damage is) and that if we don’t find a way to keep them in our yard, he’s going to sue us or kill our chickens.
yes, i know i could not do this, but i'm not sure how my stress levels would be if i didn't.
experts warn prosecuting assange creates slippery slope to where we already are
this was it, i finally got something on her.
elderly man who's outlived wife by 8 years must not have loved her very much
british royal family concerned after queen elizabeth ii beheads 7 tourists
does the waiter have to inform you that a refill isn’t free after i ask?
film critics captivated by use of one long, unbroken take in parent's recording of middle school 'guys and dolls' production
haven't talked to her about it since but we occasionally speak on other stuff.
after we open gifts, they sit around and bullshit for a few hours and pretend they all loved the gifts, and thank one another...
local sea cow tired of all the lies
ant colony comes to halt after death of popular worker
our relationship is great, we enjoy spending time together, share similar views and hobbies and have a lot of close friends in common.
area man tired of making excuses for rapist friend
israeli bus driver wants really big raise
the longer the starbucks order, the bigger the asshole i think they are.
i am also old fashioned like my father.
she comes over and we chill for a bit and the conversation goes something like this.
today he texted me and said that i do nothing but harm him emotionally, that i am toxic and to leave him alone.
well, i also don't know what it's like to be a child who needs a home but i bet they don't either.
i remember one night sitting there in my car by the side of the road just sobbing like a gigantic manchild trying to work up the nerve to do it.
kremlin reports yeltsin in good health following burial
my second brother has been dating his gf for about 2 years now.
i was under the assumption that this was a reunion (with a lot of reason to believe so, don't question how i was so sure, there's a lot to it) that had literally every person in our circle of friends going excluding me, even ricky went!
we were in a ps4 party and the night was farley late.
trump agrees to wear wire to take down roger stone
honestly am really upset about this and don’t get why: 1.
but whenever my wife even asks me to go over there i'm begining to feel betrayal.
but this one time i got impatient.
wibta for not letting my girlfriend go on a trip overseas with male friends/coworkers?
but, it is her mistake for taking this drug!
we hung out once and she was hot and easy to talk to, i asked her to come over and she said no.
g had already asked k to the dance the previous day and thats why they had acted all weird about it.
my wife just went away for a week.
archivists unearth rare early career paul newman salsa
i’ve been fortunate to not have to work for the same reasons and during the summers i used to work to have spending money to have liberties to spend in what i wanted and still contribute.
we all qualified, as all three of us have a form of autism spectrum disorder (asd).
i feel really bad because i’m about to travel for work for a month.
i explained to her, quite calmly under the circumstances, why this was wrong and how insulting it was, etc.
trump boys swallow luggage keys in case they get locked up in jail and need to escape
she then says how she wants a handgun for self defense still.
i tell her i don't want the baby.
i did not raise my voice but she said “i don’t like the way you are talking to me.
aita for telling my gf this is a lie we were having a casual chat about whatever and it came to answering the door to random people.
aides gently tell trump he can't bring all his gold lion statues on airplane
trump, putin hold first joint press crackdown
i just feel that if she is going to ignore our agreement then i will as well.
dnc aiming to reconnect with working-class americans with new 'hamilton'-inspired lena dunham web series
she lost her housing last week so i agreed to take her in since she doesn’t have family to stay with.
most of the people doing this program are either taking it as a prerequisite for graduate studies in this country or for occupational purposes.
the three of us moved to another state for my work and he decided to stay there when my job transferred me.
jc and sam are hella close, so sam talks to him about everything.
needless to say, there have been several side eyes directed toward me by the husband.
i don't even know if my dog will get along with it, and i *know* i won't get along with it.
i picked up the trash from our table, and put it on the seat next to her.
on saturday he works 8am to 530pm.
no girl has ever done that, but she took it a step further and actually placed them in her mouth.
so, i've known this girl casey for about 8 months now.
no one is talking to me, so i'm diddling with my phone the whole time.
\[3:55 pm\] me: yeah, i have a plan.
some dorm neighbors and i were playing jackbox 2 a few weekends ago (before the pittsburgh shooting).
god legally changes name to jake steele
single mother working 3 minimum-wage jobs just trying not to live in the moment
she has blocked me, but it still shocked me to the core seeing what she wrote to me, how unnerving and weird it was, i feel like i dodged a bullet, but it still made me questions if i was really an asshole because i feel like i couldn't help her through her hard time, gave her the affection she needed and ghosted her in the end.
on an alt here so, me and this girl have been hanging out all summer.
d agrees earlier today, i get a notification on my phone.
&#x200b; so i was very frustrated because i really couldn't understand why they were both so upset.
don't be taking that shit out on me." \-and she was like "this is my spot.
perverted little boy asks to sleep with parents
i appologized to his wife, she thanked me for coming clean.
oppositely my libido is rather low, and 99% of the time i don't make any sexual moves towards her.
the cost would be more than justified if more people got organs.
&#x200b; so, it was pretty much nothing but me getting beat, and the few questions i did know were common knowledge and she beat me on it.
this is an illegal, under-the-table sublet, as with all three units in this building.
report: 23% of population just sort of like that
i said no as i though this may upset alex.
fun-loving, laid-back woman with a bit of a nerdy side joins online dating service
i don't understand google." so i told her that i only have to give her the code, nothing more than that.
new madonna album hailed as available for purchase
everyone was like yeah definitely we want to be your friends.
but in my perspective, i just hate the annoying guy because he just annoys me on a daily basis.
i care about this guy so much and he feels terrible.
i have been with my bf (m27) for almost 5 years now.
all the guest are family and i married into their family cross culturally.
first-time voter will always remember day he cast ballot for nick barborak
i'm a homemaker of two adorable little girls.
well, i tell her, she is mistaken - i kept a close eye on my dog, she didn't do it, so it must be something else.
i asked about that, and he just said, “i’m polyamorous.” eventually, with me asking enough questions, i got him to tell me who he liked.
i’m using a throwaway and 2.
b*a*p*s rented on strength of academy award-winning stars
issues ranged from emails written so oddly that intentions were unclear to ignoring/violating corporate compliance.
he's a very muscular, masculine guy, super into cars and all that so he definitely doesn't come off as flamboyant at all.
but he wasn’t part of our group.
my other friend alice decided to be very generous and offer to pay for both my friend and i.
&#x200b; fast forward a few hours, she surprised me and brought me to a vr concert with light shows and a pink floyd cover band - something we were both into.
i don't really want to go, as i want to watch football with a few other people.
like around once a month or every six weeks.
without replying to what i just said, he hung up.
nuclear warhead thrilled for chance to finally escape north korea
it was clearly a no but i was hurt that she conveyed it that way.
eventually she starts talking about things other than christmas, like my education, my upbringing, and a whole lot of other things that i feel have nothing to do with the situation.
breakthrough drug eliminates crying in infants
there tends to be a week with 3x and then not as much the rest of each month (she tracks it, but i think it's less than it says).
bush puts national guard in charge of public relations
evidently courtesy is too much to ask for.
they will also often waste their money on presents that don't suite me at all.
i regretted it because now i was the one send to the "doghouse".
now i didn’t want to make a scene then, but now every time i go to check out, i green-light my practice by first asking something like “if i hand you twelve dollars, will you understand what i am trying to accomplish even though ten would be enough to cover the total?” and they usually say yes.
man with widely circulated penis pictures not the most humiliated person at podium
my mother happened to text me later in the day and asked me how i’m doing.
anywho we end up dating for another 8 months and i suddenly was dumped again for weak reasons that seemed made up since she hadn't mentioned them before (turns out he had "leverage" over her), well what do you know another guy that was just a friend while we were dating is her new boyfriend a week later, i was able to win her back a week later (i feel pathetic writing this out i know).
so, my solution to this has been to smoke weed in public.
suburbanite saved from certain poisoning by brita filter
daylight saving time yields massive daylight surplus
i cropped the screenshot i had taken of d's "lolicon" message and uploaded it on social media.
rex tillerson blindsided by news he still works for state department
while i find the smell off-putting, i respect their consumption under our roof.
seating chart revised to put problem senators up front
at one point in the evening she did spill a partially-full glass of water on our table, but it wasn't really her fault because she had gotten bumped into, and she was very quick to apologize and wipe the table dry with a smile on her face, so if anything that was a point in her column.
literary theorists admit they still have no idea what animal farm about
trump inspires thousands of kids to believe they could one day grow up to be president of confederacy
when his first one was born he told me straight away that she was born, within minutes.
after, he told me what the kid looked like.
at first, i started just holding her down but then it became more physical.
i feel like this is more of an issue at foreign restaurants as well.
i was tired and sweaty and a bit nauseous and asked them to stop or else i was going to vomit.
i have a jailbroken 3ds, wii/wii u and original xbox.
i definitely fanned the flames at first, trolled my friends and played devil’s advocate but realized quickly they were serious and perhaps some of the tongue in cheek comments were lost in text.
the breakup has caused a rift in our friend group and all my ex’s friends have branded me an emotional cheater and assume that i left my ex just to be with kyle.
i said i'd talk to her when the "issues" were resolved, but tbh i don't enjoy her company anymore, and i'm probably not gonna talk to her ever again, especially since i'm busy with work, and just went on my first date with another girl today.
**agent** i wish i could change the address but the system only allows me to change the status, i do really apologize for this inconvenience.
real-life michelin man dies at 87
lazy, overweight cockroach no longer has segmented abdomen
boy scout officials: 'we believe all children, regardless of gender, deserve the opportunity to one day die alone in the woods'
the guy she had no more respect for, but was still good enough to listen to her problems.
i relied that regardless, it had been pissed on by their dog recently and they weren’t using it.
tldr: bf responds to serious queries with dumb responses.
i'm a bit upset because sending our daughter to private was always part of the plan, and yet my husband just casually floated the idea to his son only for him to say "ok sure." and now that we've done the math we realize that we can't at all afford 30k on tuition.
aita friends destroyed my property, won’t take responsibility aita tl;dr, my friends had my portable mattress and didn’t respect it according to my wishes, their dog pissed on it, and bed bugs destroyed it.
aita for ghosting someone that acted weird?
i started feeling bad about it, and after i had already gotten dressed i told her and her roommate (who was coming along) that i was backing out.
i don't believe this was intended as anything other than friendly.
they had been having problems and while he was deployed, she had an affair and got pregnant.
now i've been blocked from posting in lgbt and when i responded to the block, i was responded with a message stating i've been muted from messaging the admins.
i've never really talked to him either because hes a 40 something biggish man and i'm a 20 year old asian girl, and i honestly don't know how to strike up a conversation without it being weird.
aita for downvoting an asshole on this sub?
when i'm in class i like to interact, ask question, and sometimes make a joke because i find it helps the best with me learning.
i did not contact her or add her as a friend, but did look her up just to check out her pictures.
this feeling also turned out to be correct.
convenience store employee given generous holiday bonus shift
all i do on my free time is go to the park with him, watch kids shows etc.
obama to create 17 new jobs by resigning and finally opening that restaurant
fran drescher cinched up another notch
now, having done research into multi tasking i have come to the conclusion that humans can not focus on more than one thing at once, only switch focuses.
i also told her my friends didn't think i was manipulative either so she was toxic and i'd appreciate if she didn't talk to me outside of group activities or when i needed her because even seeing her at that mall made me run to the bathroom and cut myself and cry while my friend talked to her.
afterwards he told me he realized he didn’t like sex and never wanted to have it again.
i gave her the step by step process and she managed to get me the code but i had forgotten my card's pin (not the actual card's pin just the one needed for the app) so i said "give me some time." and i went through the process of recovery.
let me just say that not me or any of my friends are racist.
i was mad that she broke up with me and didn't give me a reason so i texted her and asked why she was so happy after having just dumped me.
i'm glad i can count on fellow redditors to help me see past the blinders of "family" and realize that i am just as valid as an adult as anyone else, and that my mom can't guilt or punish me for not being just like her.
aita for calling an annoying guy a brainless monkey?
shortly after i came back out of my room the note was gone and i assume he doesn't know i read it.
aita for possibly being insensitive to employee’s situation?
shaken secretary of transportation reduces speed limit to 5 mph after witnessing accident
she followed with "have a nice day" and we haven't talked since early this morning.
most people before this probably couldn't tell you who created sponge bob, now everyone's acting like they knew all about him.
bush promises to unite nation for real this time
hip, laid-back doctor refers to influenza as 'the flu'
once she enters the flat, it sometimes takes some time for me to stop paying attention to my chess game or learning something before i say hi to her.
so, to pass time i played video games on my laptop, i didn't really have anything better to do.
millions of shrimp airlifted from oil spill disaster zone
she's avoiding me and i feel awful.
in my opinion, this was complete overkill.
straight, gay service members looking forward to asking, telling come september
it’s a total turn off for me and i’m building a lot of frustration and resentment about it.
after the divorce he quit his job (making over 100k with benefits) to be a full time bitcoin trader.
republicans condemn akin's comments as blemish on party's otherwise spotless women's rights record
lee majors: does he still exist?
newly discovered recordings reveal beatles actually terrible group
area man could have made same meal at home but worse
i pull up and one of the guys working up there, bruce, tells me that there’s a two hour wait since they’re really busy.
newborn constantly terrorized by horrifying shapeless blobs
i told her to just ring up and cancel instead of wasting my money.
dead-eyed man has been looking for non-humiliating halloween costume for past 2 hours
neighbor oblivious to fact she being groomed for cat-sitting
now, the other day she comes to the living and sits down.
which is gross, i mean, it's bad enough having to pick up after my own dogs, but then i had to pick up their dog's crap too.
aita for not immediately washing my stinky feet after work?
today, she tells me that her boss asked her to cover another shift today.
vespa corporation enchants another slight little man-child
stadium humors old man on stage, sings along to 'hey jude'
boss has been riding steven van zandt's ass all day
parents with fucking newborn babies out in direct sunlight.
it's been a few months now.
group of '90s footnotes welcomes gingrich home
she is smart, caring, beautiful, and an extremely loving and funny person.
interim cia director assures nation he engages in no sexual activity whatsoever
(tldr at bottom) &#x200b; i sing in a choir at my community college.
i wish you all the best (her), sorry that i can't see eye to eye on this.
depressed, butter-covered tom vilsack enters sixth day of corn bender after losing vp spot
my partner gets another drink and is showing no sign of being ready to leave.
area man up for anything except being the one who makes the decision
report: 84% of americans currently contestants
study: headaches are the body's way of communicating it wants pills
fuck." it seemed to really affect him.
new memoir reveals navy seal bounced a few book ideas off bin laden before killing him
home inspector warns that house lacks banister you can slide all the way down
so i have told her i would appreciate it if she would tell me once she notices she is starting to fall asleep, because i don't like watching movies by myself, that we were supposed to watch together.
i don’t think it was wrong because i’m just a twelve year old at the time and didn’t have any responsibility for them, they just met me.
report: majority of nation's civic engagement centered around oppressing other people
area man going to great lengths to conceal his perfectly normal behavior
dad's eyes well up at sight of perfectly packed cooler
man fishes for legendary, elusive compliment
trump claims substantial portions of the u.s.-mexico laser forcefield have already been built
trump supporter has few backup scapegoats ready to go in case crackdown on immigrants doesn't fix everything
abused child running out of black crayon
cop grudgingly admits suspect is the best goddamn pedophile he's seen in 30 years on the force
now this particular girl, let's call her brittney.
non-school uniform comes around and the english teacher wears a “the future is female.” shirt so i avoid eye contact the whole lesson.
i asked why, and she said why not.
i asked her if she would ever lie to me.
i play a slightly physical men's sport and our head coach asked if anyone had a joke to close out practice.
we have a good amount of money saved up and honestly we don't *need* her to become an attorney.
at 11:15 we realize that if we left right then we would get to my friend’s 21st birthday party at around 12:15 because it’s about 45 minutes away from the second party and people asked me to drop them home on the way.
not because i'm afraid of moving out, but because i want to say that i tried to fix our relationship.
just-opened factory to create 250 new jobs, 170 new cancer cases
gop leaders' daughters: 'it's pretty fucked up if we're the only reason you're denouncing trump's statements'
area man guesses he doesn't need mc lyte wikipedia page open anymore
i gave him a shortened explanation of our experience and asked if there’s anything more that they could do for us.
so starting in september i went to classes in the day and studied like a mad man 6 nights a week.
aita for not giving up my handicapped seat at the theater to a person with a neck brace solved: i'm the asshole and wouldn't do it again, but ffs y'all aren't gonna change someone's mind by being an asshole as well.
i don't know if this is important but i'll say it anyway) although i still had the same issues so i kept doing it.
he has told me has feelings but he is able to accept being friends.
but i'm the one who is supposed to be selfless?
i say this with almost absolute certainty, but i understand that there is still some gray area because this entire situation seems to have an unspoken rule of not bringing it up so that our friendship doesn’t change.
bush tearfully addresses nation after watching field of dreams
i need a night away in a hotel." an argument ensues and i end up feeling hurt that she doesn´t appreciate my gesture of giving her the weekend off all responsibility.
shes extremely hot in a more mature kind of way.
after school k stopped me and said that the whole dance thing was a joke and to forget about it.
3m introduces new line of protective foam eye plugs
my wife is sitting on the floor spraying febreeze on the rug.(she had already cleaned up the poop) i take a couple steps and feel something squish.
exhibitionist zoo elephants waiting for crowd to gather before screwing
she hardly feels any sympathy from those she lives with and she feels that it is her responsibility to “get over it” for the sake of the family.
she screamed at me and went to go get it.
to clarify, when i advertised a room it did say no couples so i think that was justified.
we are all moved out now but on sundays we will usually do a family dinner.
it’s not all the time that she turns down unhealthy food.
aita for telling my girlfriend to listen to freebird when i broke up with her because it basically explained what i was going through?
then, we started dropping off a bit.
i went to pick up my niece and nephew from the hospital.
people have been telling me he has a condition so they take up it up the ass and i don't really agree with that so i ry to stay clear of that person when possible.
so, my sister pulled a prank on me as kind of a retaliation for a prank i pulled on her.
i personally don’t see any reason why a video game should make anyone this mad.
at this point, all the shits i've given about the class as a whole has gone down the drain, i bs all the assignments that are given and i do just fine.
"fine by me." while i realize that she isn't to blame for our situation, am i the asshole for getting pissed off about it?
italian grandmother doesn't have heart to tell family any dipshit can make lasagna
ps: this is a throwaway account, if that matters.
i have about four friends and a significant other.
i don't want the solution to be her chipping in for bills because it's not about the money: i'm just not cool with living with just a couple for the whole weekend every week.
i worked the rest of the week.
i told her tonight, "look you need to tell them, or we need to have a private ceremony" because i don't want this.
so i told him that i’d go to that party.
new financial report finds economy invincible forever this time
aita for not paying for my friends car wash when i threw up on her car and already cleaned it off?
grasshopper dismembered by future supreme court justice
illiterate spirit frustrates ouija- board players
a man who was at one point a very close friend and business partner did not show up, and im pissed off.
me being me i turned to her & said “i really hope you reconsider your career in medicine with an attitude like that.” that visibly upset her - tbh kind of my point.
we have to specifically ask them to do things if we want them to help, and if they do it it’s usually with a pretty snarky/put off attitude.
i don't even know if i want to survive this to be honest.
because of that, i often lend her money (yes, i know the rule about "don't lend money if you really need it back, i'm okay with that), and even pay for some of her stuff when we go shopping.
we both got upset, i went back in to the event and drank more.
tl:dr; felt ill so brushed off boyfriend a few hours before a pre-planned date out in order to sleep.
i was vice president of student council!
now she tells me i can’t live with her which is totally fine i mean it’s still her house but i really do think i’m not the asshole...
he told me a bunch of shit, but the summary of it is this: "look, blake.
new law prohibits kaleidoscoping while driving
and her in-laws aren't that great either.
i talk with she a few times a day on whatsapp.
(custodian) also bonus aita that i got mad at her because she had no work today (or next 3 days) and i asked her to make me lunch by 2:45pm so i can come straight home, eat, shower, go to second job.
aspiring elitist moves to new york
dome-home sales somehow manage to dip even lower
errant keystroke produces character never before seen by human eyes
i tell her that i will always want to be loud and proud but i can turn it down when she's around.
yes, it might be more expensive but more people would be saved.
report: reuben rated top midsize sandwich in its class
two kids being watched by their mum was playing ball in the cul de sac and my daughter was sitting on a chair watching them at the end of the driveway.
but yeah, would this kind of stuff make me an asshole?
i love my spouse dearly and am trying hard to understand her point of view simply because we she be a united front, but i just am having an extremely difficult time getting past this very basic premise.
in the end, i just walked away, irritated af.
man begins life in new city by taking last ever walk around neighborhood
zales introduces new line of casual dating diamond rings
because i had two moms and one dad.
family trying to tune out hints of misogyny as grandfather lovingly recalls courting grandmother
this has led to me to spiral badly to a point where i haven't been for a long time, after putting in a lot of hard work.
he was very honored and excited to fulfill this role for our brother.
adjunct professor hoping some student leaves behind warm pair of gloves today
irs announces refunds will come in form of forever stamps this year
god hurting after eating 20-piece spicy angel wings
he’s been having stomach problems and throwing up lately.
but we keep him in the house or within my fenced backyard because he couldn't be trusted.
like massive amount of text messages between him and his instructor, pictures of the work in progress and practice pieces his done.
report: average american consuming 4 ounces of cheese right now
before she left she told me that if she didn’t text me when she got home it’s because she didn’t wanna annoy me and told me to text her if i wanted to.
bush has one of those days where he feels like 68 percent of people hate him
'these kids should be in school instead of protesting,' say people so tantalizingly close to getting the point
it was probably a crucial piece of info
after i told him that this was not true, i asked him where he got the information from, and he told me that it was that guy.
from their perspective (as far as i know) everything is going swimmingly and we are on track to start moving forward, but i know that it's going nowhere.
b invited us over to hang out; that was one of the most painful days pretty much ever.
&#x200b; he also keeps asking cool guy for his homework so that he can copy it, and cool guy was so nice that he agreed until i persuaded him to stop helping him at all.
mitt romney soars in polls after leaving country
pair of 26-year-olds hit it off after learning they have student loans from same bank
everyone on campus afraid of that one bar
this guy is my boyfriend's best friend, they've known each other for around 15 years now.
i said no, that would just be weird and awkward for both of us since i'm staying at her and her parents place for a few days right.
&#x200b; so one day my grandma tells papa that she's going to go run errands for a few hours and get her hair done (an all day sort of trip because she permed the shit out of her hair) and that she was gonna leave my 3yo mom with him.
i was joking around saying that i was going to win.
that being said, last summer i got a job and a drivers license and apart from still relying them for a place to live until i finish collage i do everything on my own.
coworker obsessively checks e-mail every couple of minutes
millions of american lips called to service in fight against poverty
leading up to the party he stressed multiple times that it was a low key event and that we could come when we want etc.
at&t ceo regrets hiring cohen instead of just dropping a ton of cash at trump international hotel like everyone else
i'm back home now and have been for a over year.
study: u.s. best place for women to buy jeans
aita for telling my girlfriend to apologize before i speak to her again?
breaking: nunes memo exposes deep bias, corruption in devin nunes
or am i just an asshole and this is all an unnecessary petty thing for me to do?
headline with words 'hiv baby' in it somehow turns out okay
so reddit, that’s been my roommate situation.
world's marine life on edge now that seaworld moving on from orcas
i don’t leave my room unless i absolutely have to (such as for shower or to use the restroom) if it is past 12:30.
my parents are going on a full weekend trip next weekend and they told me they're going to find someone to come both nights when they're gone to "make sure everything's okay." the worst part is it's always a high schooler, as if there's any difference between 12 and like 17.
nation's idiots announce plans to jump off their roofs into a pile of snow and break their fucking legs
this sent off serious alarm bells in my head.
so whilst we do the same average amount of deliveries per day, i'm usually going back and fourth serving customers and contacting suppliers.
she is adult and is able to make her own dietary choices, i feel like i was just trying to bring up some talking points on nutrition.
philadelphia museum of art erects statue of overweight tourist posing next to rocky statue
aita for hitting someones car in the drive thru on purpose?
yeah, that led to a fight.
she is dead set on keeping it, there have been tests, and the kid is mine, though i dont know how the fuck it happened, since we were fairly strict with contraceptives.
he said he wanted to come over for dinner, but wasn't sure what time he'd be able to arrive.
the basic premise is that a friend or my gf will have a problem, and i would try to help with what i know.
this friend was talking about his work for a bit and mentioned that he had just received an email from his boss that morning with condolences as well as a bit of uplifting news; his request for a promotion got approved.
he stopped, asked me “what are you gonna do about it?” and then continued moving.
as soon as i found out i told her that if we were going to stay together that she had to quit her job.
i thought he had also gotten me a spare charger.
to preface i'm a male in college age 21 and my friend is a woman the same age as me.
we were both stunned, we then sat together and talked about it for hours.
she was going on a trip for a month and i told her to text me when she got back.
no problem for me, since i wasn't that interested in her anyway.
oh, god, area man making his move
3 years ago, i loaned my father in law $100.
but slowly i found myself thinking about her in ways that weren't pg.
good cop, avid-stamp-collector cop routine not working
and so my sister decided she’d sled down the hill first, and so she got into the sled, but she didn’t go.
one of my closest friends,*bella and her entire family were really there for me during that time.
this scenario still nags on me and so i decided to share it here.
she’ll blow me here and there and give a handjob despite me telling her i don’t like them.
so i tell him i have to hang here for a bit until i feel safe.
she thought it was her fault for not mentioning it to the chefs.
cackling mitch mcconnell reveals to stunned democrats he's been working undercover for republican party this whole time
most were innocent "what are you girls wearing tomorrow?".
**he aggressively flew up so close i literally thought he was going to ram me.** i was actually surprised he \*didn't\* hit me, that's how close he was.
i feel bad for how badly i've treated those two girlfriends in my past but i can't be living in the past forever.
further side info: i used to have a crush on my best friend.
she has worked as a legal secretary for a law firm in our city for some time, and they are now offering her tuition reimbursement for law school.
i ended up doing a little coke (which we are both ok with) and didn't want to wake him so texted him "i'm staying at my place tonight".
he would mostly stay in his room with her and they would do there own thing and smoke pot in house( i didnt care that he smoked pot but my other roommate and i are both military so we didnt want him smoking in the house.) we were never really good friends but it wasnt until about december he just stopped talking to my other roommate and myself unless it was in a supper passive aggressive statement.
a few weeks later my brother buys his second and third copy of minecraft, the third copy is an xbox one edition which he can't even fucking play, my dad gets it for him anyways because it's cheap.
husband says i gave his "dream present" to my sister instead my husband took me to an auction where people at his job bid on various items as their xmas bonus.
the cat was in the garage the hole time.
i’m not saying they’re not as risk, and i’m also not saying this isn’t a serious issue that requires more understanding, love, and therapy.
we were drinking about a month ago, and i jokingly got him to rate me.
i'm pretty calm guy most of the time and have been described as such by friends, gf and family "nothing ever bothers you!" etc.
12-year-old camper excited to meet girls who will torture her for rest of summer
but this morning i was on the phone and wasn't felling like it.
peta protests use of animatronic animals in commercials
glorious heyday of youth spent in parking lot
company more like family whose members are desperate to join better family
i trust her, but have no reason to trust them.
don't get me wrong.but it just rubs me the wrong way.
bloated, rotund bernie sanders reveals he has finished drinking all of flint's water supply
aita for putting £5000 into my girlfriends bank account?
concerned text from mom ​gleefully ​mocked like ramblings of village idiot
area ladder never thought it would end up a bookcase
it's different because they physically can't go up any other way.
a whole week-long trip and we never really saw or hung out with him.
we make some progress for about an hour, when my roommate comes back to the apartment and decides to nap.
last month, i finished paying her back, so we are even, but now our situation has changed a little.
trash bag taped over broken southwest plane window
the last thing i remember of the evening was pointing with my cup and asking myself, "is that girl pregnant?".
i guess i romanticized it in my mind thinking “this is the girl that should have had it all along.” maybe that’s stupid, i don’t know.
vincent has cheated on his sos and has gotten in trouble with the law for drug possession in the past.
(in case it matters i've been with the company about 3 years and were both in our mid twenties) &#x200b; so on to the issue, it happened over the past 2 weeks and i'll explain it in the order it happened.
if i'm the asshole, dig into me, but if she's in the wrong just tell me and leave it at that.
he also has a smoking habit and has an irregular sleep schedule.
i've always looked forward to the day i move in with a significant other cause i love the idea of waking up next to a beautiful girl everyday.
when i expressed frustration with that circumstance, i get the same old story of wanting to help, but then nothing ever coming of it, as usual.
godmother obviously sided with us, but everyone else even started harassing my mother.
six months later she said that she's busy with school.
he would often talk to me about his problems, which was fine, i would try to help as best as i could.
she said that she thought that was super sweet of her co-workers husband to do that for her, **but** if that were to happen to her, she would be "totally embarrassed" (her words).
he will just walk away, yelling at me to leave him alone.
when im actually looking at a two to two and a half hour deal.
(he was a little extra outraged because he had a friend who was recently paralyzed in a climbing accident outdoors.) i told him i was sorry, that i thought the likelihood of anyone wanting to use the spot legitimately was so remote it was wasted, and pointed out the that best handicapped spot remains open.
however she never expressed any interest in me other than as a friend.
comic book fans adamant that human torch be played by actor whose body actually engulfed in flames
single napkin accompanying takeout order presumes man eats anything like human being
mob of rowdy mothers bum-rush botanical garden
i disagree but am open to opposing opinions if any.
&#x200b; i'm using a throwaway account for obvious reasons.
we call once a week with mike's kids, who are a bit more social, and we see them twice month--if not more.
but i also told him that he can apply if he feels that strongly about it.
it normally takes her a minute or so.
i don’t think i can really get her to change my mind but i don’t find her butt attractive.
secretary of interior unveils plans for new high-speed creek
custom fireplace store totally jumps gentrification gun
boss thinks female employee might be ready to handle job she's been doing for past 2 years
god deploys 100,000 more mosquitoes to u.s.
mom's bathing suit just one giant, body-eclipsing ruffle
roommate not seen for, like, five days
aita for wanting my gf to explore her sexual desires?
and him and another girl in the chat were not happy about that remark.
&#x200b; afterwards, i got interested in the life of a nazi official, since he was the only high-ranking nazi to be successfully assassinated and i love assassination stories (especially when they're justified).
at the end of the day, we have fundamentally different personalities to the point where i wouldn't want to really associate myself with them if they weren't blood.
silvio berlusconi swears dancer was of legal age when he paid her for sex using state money
bush disappointed to learn chinese foreign minister doesn't know karate
which is true, but i also just don't find her physically attractive especially in a sex related environment, despite not saying that to her.
sports journalist told to write some slop about baseball healing boston
what she could've done was telling me what was up as soon as the group found out and not months after everyone had started despising me.
my friend and i have had siblings do very similar things that ended up in separations/divorces so we're worried about him, but fred doesn’t like taking our advice or even entertaining it.
fast forward to driving home with so and i am completely honest and say that i found her self centered and didn’t see a future friendship happening.
so i suggested that we have a bbq at mine instead if they would be happier with that?
first holiday season without grandma incredible
the office was a 5 minutes drive from my place, v.s an hour commute from her place.
when my mom and i first moved here, the official superintendents were obvious full-on tweakers who left used needles lying around their porch.
i stewed on it for a month, then last night i decided not to bottle up my feelings anymore and told him how i felt when i first heard it.
new stem education initiative inspires girls to earn less than men in scientific career
national filmstrip board calls for quiet
they started dating and i promised jane that if he ever cheated on her i would tell her immediately, and i let him know too.
&#x200b; so that's it, if i am confusing, tell me, i'll try clarify, but let me know what u guys all think about it all?
area man busts his ass all day, and for what?
tl;dr i promised gf a trip for her birthday, i lost my passport on the plane, and we got sent back.
i have to eat a lot of food to put on weight.
captor, captive have different senses of humor
i was also stressing about my own grade, but not for this class and yet, i wasn't rude to her just because i could be.
new 'phone book' raising serious privacy issues
toddler adjusting to society after serving 2-minute timeout
aita for having sex with my gf in my mom's house if i don't have anywhere else to do it even though she told me not to do so?
vin diesel breaks off tracking collar against rocky outcropping
report: more americans willing to accept female wonder woman
today i turn 54 and is the first day of retirement for my wife and i.
then i would tell them i don't know and to do their own research, which results in a passive aggressive "ok i'll figure it out myself".
i followed up by suggesting that she go and get a check up.
john kerry jettisons russian henchmen from international space station airlock
funeral held for door shot 4 times by oscar pistorius
it will be her first time away from the kids since they were born, and thus my first time operating by myself with the kids for a full week.
her tinder bio: "cool and nice" >me: sus to call yourself nice ( >her: that's only for men >also don't go around putting women down you weird ass&nbsp; &nbsp; >me: lol you're not helping your case >are you a gemini?&nbsp;&nbsp; >her: ?
over 417,000 hours of private presidential conversations discovered after no one remembered to turn off richard nixon's tape recorder
let me start this by saying i have two half-sisters, both younger and all of us are from different women.
new study recommends insects spend at least 30 minutes skittering per day
i told her how this makes me feel and she's stopped going for that long a while ago, but now this weekend she wants to leave to go to her 6 y.o cousin's bday party today (saturday) and then stay all the way thru sunday night and have me pick her up again on monday.
i have now given her the ultimatum of either helping me, or losing me forever.
they called the cops i guess.
so i arrive to pick up the food.
i open the door and mom tells me laura is going to stay with me for a week.
no one able to tell clam just had stroke
when i returned to america i was told by my sister that she thought i hated her because i didn't text..
latest online security breach forces mom to change post-it
and if he had been in my position he would definitely go for it.
ended up getting a slew of his customers in major trouble and one of them, the most popular guy in my high school expelled.
tucker carlson angrily explains difference between good baby and bad baby
alexandria ocasio-cortez criticized for preventing 25,000 new york evictions
i believe her because she is under the impression that i read it all (still thinks i hacked her phone when in reality she sank herself.
i know her well enough to know she is apolitical like me so seeing her try to act like she's into it and going to protest is so insufferable.
the idea of eating at a restaurant in public haunts me.
skilled sotheby's auctioneer accidentally sells self at auction for $2.5 million
i don't want my friend taking adderall, because i know it can be really addictive and bad for you and seen it turn people into addicts.
i read up on all the research surrounding porn addiction and suggested some ways that we could work on overcoming it together, like having an accountability partner, identifying triggers, and offering myself as a resource to talk to if whenever he felt like he needed to turn to porn.
thats the settings of my story.
there are also some interactive educational exhibits dotted along the way.
drug addict looking for more enabling girlfriend
inaccuracy of every single detail forces student paper to pull story at last minute
on one of the busses to a park one morning, a girl maybe seven or eight years old and her parents took the three seats next to us, with the girl sitting directly on my right.
hillary clinton threatened by black man
so we aren't really on the same level when it comes to going out.
rnc: 'we warned you gay marriage would be a slippery slope toward accepting pedophilia'
i only had about a quarter of the bag left at the time.
egyptian woman wishes screaming protester husband would go bonkers for her once in a while
i texted miranda and she seemed okay with me leaving everything.
so, they got 2 new dogs.
i recently broke up with my ex-girlfriend so this attention was pretty nice and i flirted back.
fda: lucky charms no longer part of complete breakfast
but it eats me up that he hangs out with this guy.
the truck in question was hardly pristine, even under the mud.
i stayed away from him and not really bothering with him etc.
it is 90% hispanic, historic and gorgeous.
i really want to move far away.
but am i the asshole for humiliating the guy who humiliated me?
'dsm-5' updated to accommodate man who is legitimately being ordered to kill by the moon
i also sent her $20 through fb messenger for the movie tickets.
fast forward to just a few hours ago.
because we've *essentially* got a substitute every day, people talk and do dumb shit constantly, and as a result, we get nothing done.
even though we try to do stuff with him (he always declines), he never makes an effort to hang out with us.
he didn’t want to have an open relationship, and i was feeling way more for him than i had at that point felt for anyone else.
aita for getting mad that my long distance bf didn’t call me on nye?
**customer** yes **customer** can i just have the order sent to the nearby store?
he ended up bringing back a lot of my stuff (work laptop was vital) and i talked to her for 5 hours instead of sleeping.
bashar al-assad tries tiny bit of sarin gas on self to see what it's like
lester jackson gets his sorry ass home
he took a class this semester because he heard the professor was easy.
i honestly feel like i've kept up my end of the "don't flake out on me" deal.
aita for wanting a coworker to take personal leave until they can concentrate on work?
aita for drunk texting my ex while in a relationship i certainly feel like the asshole.
that weekend i ignored both of their messages and pretty much any messages sent to me in total.
i looked at them, shrugged and went back inside don't see them the rest of the night, but it was about half 2 so most places were closing soon anyway.
(stream time is 7-10) i figured okay, whatever, she wants me to occupy my stepson while she's not here.
mueller admits a smarter president would've totally found way to stop investigation by now
civil unrest in sierra leone concerns npr listener
college freshman from florida has never seen people complain about snow for 5 months before
i was still a good distance from my car, so i was pretty surprised.
for this first few days, one of my favorite cousin was in a different city because her mom was getting an operation for a tumor.
he was very upset and blasted me over the phone.
i am upset at my friend because i felt like he/she was forcing me to host someone i am extremely antipathetic towards.
i couldn't to drive to school instead of taking the bus.
so last night was gonna be a big night, i (m18) was gonna confess my feeling to my crush, and 1-year friend (f18), i had invited me over and...
the package came and she had 1 piece of cheese and then flew to new york where i am from and where i was visiting my family.
he doesn't care and starts getting super in my face.
i really need to pee but my dog is deep in sleep on my lap.
nation's conservationists warn there only 8 trillion rats left
mudslide kind of fun until the dying part
aita - original post: tl:dr - got kicked out of my section at a hockey game yesterday by a power hungry usher for being “too loud and annoying”, security laughed at him and his manager chewed him out, tried to generate discussion in original thread but feeling some anger directed at me instead i was directed to this sub by a commenter in the original post.
running shoes used mainly for computer programming
i am afraid i might turn into that guy who ditches his friends for his so though.
i could either go home and rest, take a day off, or go into work.
friend tells depressing details of how he's covered by freelancers union
she’s already ugly enough without bullet holes” this pisses me off and i jerk the gun forward towards his dog.
cackling warren buffett burns entire fortune in front of nation
girl has just enough physical flaws to maybe take man seriously
call from daycare can't be good
hopefully it's not too much of a mess, also sorry for any grammatical errors but this just happened and i'm cold and salty.
cheney regrets buying bush laser pointer
she divorced his dad two years ago for being an alcoholic.
i actually like the principal, he's generally a good happy-go-lucky guy.
i had considered this to be a good time to practice these things, especially as exposure is limited to strangers and family.
there was only one pizza left, and i claimed it.
for those that haven't heard of it (i didn't when i first started), instead of setting the course/academic year off semesters or quarters, we have a grading period each month and a unit that goes with that month.
his car was destroyed, nobody was hurt, and i peaced the fuck out
white house officials confirm malia obama now seven feet, nine inches tall
mankind tired of having to remind itself of good in world
so now i’m wondering am i still the asshole?
god reveals jerusalem actually only 87th holiest site on earth
however, the idea that i kept to the spirit of the promise, just not the exact wording of the promise, came to my head quickly; in the first example, it had a strong feeling that she did not want to continue, despite her stating that she did.
so i pulled over about 100 yards past her victims (they could still see us) and told her to get the fuck out of my car.
she is forced to come to me not because i can't move, i can move and have done it in the past, she simply can't keep me at her place because of the space not being enough, so her coming here it's the only choice possible for us to stay together the whole weekend.
i do not have a spare.
&#x200b; ** have i changed my mind about their approach being unwise?
there pretty far behind on fads that have happened in america.
6.) how long you've been together doesn't justify your actions in their household.
both she and my friend were very school oriented.
he hits the ground right away and i notice how young he is and that he's dying on the ground and holding my wallet and through like tears and coughing saying your wallet, your wallet i found your wallet.
30 mins later i’ve drank a bit more and our dogs are still playing, causing no harm just messing around with each other.
at the same time, my friend g was also talking to her.
for the last 9 months she has been without insurance (quit her job to pursue a dream of hers, and has no benefits).
however, my situation is a little bit more nuanced and i was wondering if i’m still an asshole.
report: snoring may increase risk of having throat slit during night by loved one
i started contemplating trying to find her and tell her but i decided to suck it up and stay put.
i didn’t want to get beat up for doing nothing bad.
aita for not wanting to do what my family wants me to do?
eventually around 12 my downstairs roommate chooses to retire to his room while myself and the other roommate stay up chatting and shooting the shit.
lot of bold talk about making broth going around apartment
i found out later that they did the physio on our bed.
then he answered with something along the lines of *“so what?
quick bit of info that needs to be said first off: my sister has a different father than me, but i live in the same apartment as them.
so, you guessed it, i swerved extremely fast.
kitchenaid unveils spring-loaded toaster that allows rad high schoolers to grab breakfast in midair while leaving house
i did a very stupid thing.
buoyant force on area object equal to weight of water displaced
i admitted this to him and now he's pissed off because apparently the actual length of the demo is pretty short and i did "a sizable amount of it".
area man foolishly entrusted with genetic code
man with apple hovering in front of face sues rené magritte's estate
i’ve also never sent her nudes back.
and when going through laundry i've found some of her "undergarments" that literally look like something a stripper would wear.
god furious at every human who isn't actively trying to get as fat as possible off bounty he provided
cost-cutting measures force company to start hiring more female employees
tl:dr she stood me up for dinner and did not acknowledge or apologize.
after going to ask her for the phone back, she starts again asking "why i left the room" and after i told her i needed to text my boyfriend so i could leave, she told me i needed to spend time with my family and i wouldn't get my phone back till sunday night when i leave (this was friday evening).
again, she doesn't think she has a disorder since she's just watching her calorie intake.
over the last couple of years, he’s also stopped showing much emotion and due to emotional abuse from my parents, my brain convinces me he hates me (or maybe he does, idk.) he doesn’t get excited much anymore and, in a way, it’s killing me too.
aita for literally putting my dick in my girl’s mouth?
later i tell her the truth of the matter is that i love them both, and i just want everyone to get a long.
couple has nest egg of debt to make sure they've got some money to owe down the road
aita for using my phone in backmost corner of a cinema went to a movie solo to kill time.
she said she wants only a traditional shower with everyone participating in games and will not have beer or cigars at her shower.
aita for thinking that if we even do this, shouldn't it only be for the cop who got shot while trying to protect us and not for the guy who got killed by a drunk driver, who happens to be a cop?
but i *assumed* they both knew they were into each other.
my wife (then only girlfriend) and my mom convinced me to take the job, especially my wife.
i have been calling his name (literally yelling) and calling his phone -- no response.
dog can't believe owner left on fucking msnbc to keep it company while she at work
i say give them a minute.
finally after we let another game slip, i said to my family (loud enough for some others around to hear) that he really isn’t a good coach.
i was seeing less and less of a and now i barely see her once twice a month, and i actually talk to her even less.
when she broke up with me, i tried to get her back in any way i could.
i just spoke to her via phone, if i was too intimidate or not aknowledging she can take care of her own.
lo and behold the project leader brings on dr.
i was out of the house running errands and come home to see the damage.
but from my perspective this woman felt like she could basically just bully me into letting her in front of me.
if the answer is yes, i'm not a misogynistic homophobe, so there's that.
wouldn’t even put in offers lower than the asking price.
michael cohen completes first stage of intricate plan to break incarcerated brother out of prison from inside
the only guest consistently over is my s/o, the others have only come once or twice during the daytime.
first ever post on reddit in my 2+ years of lurking so forgive me if my formatting or anything else is not correct.
i haven’t told my ex anything but i really want this guy to stay the night especially because he doesn’t have a tv and there’s some classics i want to watch with him but i’m scared of the outcome.
tl;dr was i wrong to have oral sex with a drunk guy who actively asked to have sex with me?
i have done this in the past, before we started dating, and i never thought it was weird, nor has anyone ever mentioned it being weird to me.
cambridge analytica whistleblower admits last few weeks at work have been awkward
revolutionary new homophobia immersion therapy involves lowering patient into tank of gays
the weekend before last we travelled up to meet them at their house (big beautiful converted farm house.
obama under fire for playing t-ball during vietnam
i did throw out a text maybe a week or so back on whatsapp telling her to come visit my new room just the 2 of us, and she seemed up for a visit after i get settled.
area fifth-grader won't shut up about raccoons
church masses going wild over catchy new gregorian chant
might be worth a try.” to this the mother shot me the dirtiest look and proceeded to not respond, while the child eagerly said, “let’s get pizzaaaaaaa.” i walked out of the bathroom after that.
when i left that day i gave her a reassuring pat on the back as i was leaving as a show of support.
aita for my "tone" when speaking to a walmart rep online?
she continues to insist, tries to force me to apologise to the neighbours (tough luck - i'm a stubborn sonofabitch), and tries to drag me out to clean after "my dog", saying that everyone does that.
aita for refusing to do my dad's job after i said i would?
am i just a big fuckup reddit?
i guess maybe it's petty, but i don't think it's a hard concept to grasp- please occasionally include me in things i like to do.
world-weary man bitterly rents mercury rising
holy shit what if i just killed or injured somebody?
my wife got really mad and said that her mom was not my servant and that i should clean up after myself.
i went in an apologised to him which was in my opinion the right thing to do.
trip to office kitchen hastily altered to trip to bathroom to evade despised coworker
aita for having an ar-15 in the house if she has a handgun?
fantasizing priest accidentally turns communion wafer into body of altar boy
aita for making a bad joke at the funeral of a friend’s mother despite warning them first?
thinking about it now i think this was wrong as while it was a joke etc., it did violate her bodily autonomy (she is 13).
aita smoking weed in public aita hi guys, i have a little dilemma.
however, there was heavy traffic and she decided not to as she came home at 8 (i don't eat past 7).
so last night my boyfriend and i were arguing and he out of spite told me that he was taking the boys to school in the truck, then going to his doctors appointment right after.
i paid for it, but that's fine.
area man absolutely determined to use wheelbarrow this weekend
like, i know that i did shit but, i think it wasn't that all.
i wouldn't fight or anything, but especially if henry asked, i would not hang out with them and make a point to show him my support.
&#x200b; i was drunk senior year of college and hooked up with my best friend's ex-girlfriend who he had been separated from for 2 months.
i did also get onto a new team who are higher ranked than this team, and who actually do seem to value me.
i feel pretty guilty but i thought i was explicit.
first of all, the closest town where she could realistically get a job is over an hour away.
masterpiece cakeshop case declared mistrial after clarence thomas tampers with evidence
his jeans and jean jacket was splashed with white crusted paint and his face was certainly one that has been in the sun for too long.
aita for being angry about girls always friendzoning me and wasting my time?
unusually level-headed, charismatic lichen species named after obama
i was too blinded by my own lust, i wish i could apologize, but that would be even creepier.
unregistered sex offender notifies neighbors in his own way
maybe that makes me old-fashioned, but it's something i really want at some point in my life.
gorillagram employee shot by white house security
you do not need to be going over there to spend the nights like you're an adult not a little kid.
feeling a bit sour i also whisper in their ear shout a truly vulgar message i got from somebody just a few hours ago.
bush, cheney stand back-to-back, cock shotguns one last time
study finds humans only animals capable of recognizing former selves in mirror
pfizer researchers discover new stimulating, medicating, captivating cure for what ails you
edit 2: also i have never told her she can’t do what she wants.
i just huffed and sighed at every question and just set the controller on the floor.
(both 18 years old) now it's been nearly three weeks since i asked her to be my girlfriend again and i'm getting slightly more impatient with her and more snappy with my messages because still everytime i ask to see her she pretty much ignores that's i've asked so i understand she needs time, but am i the asshole for getting fed up?
pence unveils campaign to educate teens about dangers of premarital eye contact
he didn't seem fazed by any of this.
for the last few weeks everything has been going decently well but i just don't feel the same as i used to.
we're not even friends on facebook.
she continued to offer despite me telling her that i though it was inappropriate.
she arrives jeff packs stuff from jack and him that were still left.
i was there, a couple of people i know and the fiance.
he obviously felt extremely insecure about everything he bought.
apparently they were is a super heavy argument, which has become the norm lately, and she shoved him.
nation's dogs vow to keep their shit together during 4th of july fireworks
they grew up within about 10 miles of each other and went to church together).
the character kate is trying to get pregnant.
aita for not wanting to stay home for my best friend at new years?
secretary of transportation spends 3 hours cleaning up wikipedia page on roundabouts
if amazon notices the inconsistency and tells me to return the audiobooks, i'll definitely do it- i mean, they aren't technically mine.
'donald trump is the 45th president of the united states,' spontaneously reports subconscious during first calm moment of day
i asked her if she would like me to call her at night once again.
congress continues debate over whether or not nation should be economically ruined
it bothers me in so many ways that i can’t quite articulate.
kfc introduces new bird-flu dipping vaccine
there's a bunch of different alumni, and we're all just socializing and chatting.
'i must make sure you have the skills to please my grandson,' says queen elizabeth disrobing before meghan markle
tmz dayton bureau catches secondhand furniture-store owner coming out of all-night truck stop
pope francis clarifies that god just one of many immortal beings who speak to him every day
&#x200b; so my conscience is telling me that i shouldn't be dragging this out, that i need to stop seeing them before it gets too serious.
i had no intention of not raking the leaves, but wanted to know if i was being entitled here.
she has a new sleep schedule to get up in the morning.
my mom immediately kept saying it was stupid and kept saying stuff how i don’t care what happens to this country and all that blabber which makes no sense.
aita for passing people on the right lane?
some sense knocked into girlfriend's son
cafepress.com announces sweeping privacy changes after improperly sharing the t-shirt sizes of millions of americans
memphis airport panda express takes over as nation's most depressing place
office manager forced to resort to unfriendly reminders
she's wanting to buy one and explained that i'd rather not have one in the house for the above reasons.
we effectively banned him from the writing group on grounds of sexism and promoting incel culture.
he seemed upset then he said "yeah i knew she was that type of girl".
and that really meant a lot to me.
i’m honestly okay with the b but i want to know if i was a terrible group member.
threatens to bring management in about my dogs tendency to bark.
i'm really confused by their reaction.
mike johanns only one showing up to cabinet meetings now
two days later, he's with someone else and all of a sudden, i'm the one that was holding him back and i'm the one that was too hard on him because i couldn't forgive him for what he did to me and i'm the one that can't see that he's a better person and won't support him through his trial with his sister.
i had absolutely no intention of keeping the chair.
i wanted to yell at her but i kept quiet and went to tell all my friends.
she already inputs other expenses so this would be going in alongside other expenses - essentially it would be no big hassle to get a taxi from the airport.
tldr: i tripped a guy in my grade that i strongly dislike after he pushed someone else and thought no one would do anything.
she was abit confused, and seemed hurt that i told her so blatantly to get out, so i raised my voice and told her even more blatantly to get the *fuck* out of my apartment.
i say i'll drive her home later and he agrees.
hotel now charging patrons for looking at items in minibar
we were supposed to see each other this weekend and on the way to me she "accidentally" pumped the wrong gas and the car won't start now.
first 10 minutes of chess game spent explaining replacement pieces
dunbar family forced to discontinue print edition of christmas newsletter
so we let him and he comes back and says he doesn't want to be here anymore bc he can't smoke inside.
my mom and her mother procceded to tell me that i'm wrong..
**the incident - in which lowernotice has his feelings hurt** anyway, about two weeks into my self-imposed isolation, i posted something on twitter.
i live with my boyfriend and a long time mutual friend.
i get so frustrated when people sit on the very outside seat of an empty row!
sometimes i ask her to tune it down just a bit and she’s respectful of it.
the light was green and yet these two cars were patiently waiting and going nowhere.
at a certain point, she just looks at me like she wants me to say something.
i ended up being banned on lynx's server and blocked by lynx.
i say thats bullshit, and that i want all of it upfront or no deal.
felt almost brain dead by now.
one random girl saw my comment and said that i'm being misogynistic for not believing that girl are more better than boys and i'm fishing for private information of the girl.
i do my best to act like nothings wrong.
&#x200b; five since this was my first reddit i think i messed up on the lack of info i provided.
&#x200b; backstory: right after i was born, my parents were in a situation where they could not take care of me.
but recently this cold war got to the point when, if i walk home, and see her walking from the store, i will deliberately walk slower, to get into the apartment building with a really nasty, hard-opening door (the magnetic lock misbehaves), to close it right in front of her.
him getting upset about me not responding/texting first continued and i told him that we arent dating and i'm not obligated to reply to him.
rembrandt's 'night watch' falls off museum wall after sticky tabs come loose
after a mini breakdown from me, i felt a lot better and we fucked three times before he left for this event.
my simple reply is that it wasn't up for me to decide but i don't want to be the other guy.
am i the asshole for flirting with a clients wife despite never sleeping with her?
a few days go by and i think maybe things cooled off, so i message mike and ask him for my mower back.
man uses weekend to make totally different mistakes than he did during workweek
i get annoyed because he’ll resell the items at the grocery store parking lot next to my school, and i’m embarrassed that everyone sees my dad doing “shady” business.
so basically my car is my life.
when i was driving away after kicking her out, it looked like they were still walking in the same direction in my rear view.
new spiritually correct doll lets children show where and how jesus touched them
i said in normal circumstances where you have an option to park your car and the valet is a luxury convenience service, sure -- but not when it is forced.
black and decker introduces new 72-inch tree whacker
but it’s my house, my rules.
suburbanite shocked by poor condition of urban mall
spelling error leads to elaborate cover-up doodle
in the end he threatened suicide while saying i can keep the clothes he’s left at my house.
i was scared because classmates that i don't know never ask me out much less talk to me.
she talks about her depression and anxiety way too often, incorporating the topic into random conversations.
he frequently "dates" girls just to dump them after a few months when hes bored.
woman mentally rearranging rankings of children while opening mother's day gifts
some people don't every appreciate what they have while other wont ever even get that chance.
she was there and you could tell she was having her own nervous break down.
my superior eventually caught on to what i was doing and wasn't too pleased...
study finds over 5 million birds die annually from head-on collisions with clouds
the story is very sad and i can’t imagine what the parents are going through.
&#x200b; i messaged her about it in passing (we were having a rare unrelated conversation and i brought it up) and she was very unapologetic about the whole situation.
around this time i had also "came out" to my friend (luke) telling him that i was bisexual.
i asked for gift cards because they’re easy to get.
today, i texted our landlord myself.
man and woman get drunk, blow $30,000 in one night
wibta if i told her she needs to tone it down?
please judge me with fire and fury.
i'm overhearing rumblings about starting a safe space in the office to discuss racial prejudices.
nothing directed directly at jews, but just normal edgelord/makes you laugh at 2 am shit like "mecha hitler" and just using the word jew where it made no rational sense.
microsoft word now includes squiggly blue line to alert writer when word is too advanced for mainstream audience
and then, guess who parked at the bottom of the hill...
terrified 'newsroom' writers nodding heads at every bad idea aaron sorkin says
so when it comes to submission we plan on just removing their names and doing the part ourselves so they fail because i'm angry that i've spent so much time and they haven't.
i finished and walked back to them.
my nephew was also in there because he's nosy.
so, it would not be that far fetched that now, with his children locked in their current schools that both of their parents wanted, that my husband and i would send my daughter to a nicer college.
i really love dogs, i've had dogs my whole life and have a corgi and she is my favorite thing in the world.
i know this sounds harsh but please hear me out.
senior prank somehow leaves high school with increased math funding
parents of crying child must not be any good
everyone i talk to thinks i'm an asshole but i feel like you guys will be more reasonable.
'he's a stockbroker,' says woman who finds that exciting
it appears rude that they have an opportunity to include me in their conversation, but have chosen not to, by speaking only in their native tongue.
i tried to give her the reality of the situation, but she eventually just walked away and told me that i had no feelings.
she never told me it was a secret.
wife unfazed by husband's sad e-mails to other women
she said that was perfectly fine, and was generally understanding about it.
sweating, shaking man never going to spend a little time with his thoughts again
keeping it gender neutral to prevent bias.
at the end of the day, mike told me about it.
indian casino uses every part of the dollar
mark zuckerberg prepares for congressional testimony by poring over lawmakers' personal data
i blackmailed him with information that i already told everyone.
she made a point to say, "i'm sorry if this isn't what you expected.
he is also extremely shy or timid or whatever you want to call it.
roomba thrown out of home after being caught staring at sleeping daughter
car passengers launch urgent, mid-street investigation into whether woman in parking spot coming or going
basically, a few weeks ago, we were having drinks at his apartment.
it also does not include wondering if you want to see me after spending a week apart.
cash-strapped yellowstone cuts funding of program to provide hibernating bears with sleeping caps
tom clancy really happy with how latest video game with his name on it came out
ad for drummer personally attacks old drummer
report: jack black's life more valuable than yours if it ever comes down to it
panicked billy graham realizes he took wrong turn into heaven's largest gay neighborhood
i don’t say anything because i’m relatively new and people just seem to deal with it.
lunch place uses way too much mayo in fruit salad
nothing gory like saw or chainsaw massacre, things like ahs and a quiet place.
nation thankful that shellie dean zimmerman was charged with perjury at least
absolutely disgusting shower curtain liner has another 3 years left in it
i am just mentioning this because some of you are saying that the gift could have meant that they were seeing me become an adult and that is not the case.
i also feel extremely resentful about his bitterness towards us, and the fact he was speaking to other people about how unreasonable we are, despite the fact we give him a significant discount on his rent for being our friend.
i played as a sub, or in friendly informal matches, with teams way above the rank of me and mine, and did well.
5-year-old alabama boy misses fun 'bunker grandpa'
aita for wanting to stay friends with an ex?
this has put a huge strain of his family, and his parents are unsure whether or not they want to separate (they've had issues in the past).
sound of children's laughter music to disney focus-group leader's ears
i see it as extremely irresponsible for the entire company to be gone at the same time.
we go out and drop $1500 at target.
cvs cashier can't wait to accept $20 bill from customer purchasing 3 different cough medications
i've already failed this class once and i have to take it again.
we recently rearranged the bedroom and found spots that do get good wifi.
pierced tongue fails to make local woman less boring
i never gave him access to my grades so he had to ask me.
biden donates collection of classic skin mags to those in need during holidays
swiss guard charge writhing mass of black tentacles devouring pope francis
i'm sort of guilty about it.
al roker stares crestfallen at matt lauer tattoo on own torso
while still on the grass median he slowed slightly, suddenly cut hard to the right to try to get back on to the road (hopefully not to try to ram me?) and i saw the suv in my rearview as he overshot the turn and went rightward nearly perpendicular to the highway.
a twelve year old daughter, a ten year old son, and a nine year old son.
it was getting them mad that i wouldn't tell them who it was so they could make some good arrests and be a "hero".
(my mom was yelling at me and kept agreeing with her no questions asked.
uma thurman, ethan hawke to sire new race of homo celbritans
aliens arrive late: 'sorry, hope nobody's killed themselves yet,' say aliens
russian beef shortage traced to boris yeltsin
first off, i'm a 30 year old woman and i have social anxiety.
aita for expecting to receive the insurance payout for my truck from my parents?
new therapist obsessed with old therapist
jellyfish can't wait to fuck up honeymoon
she got a job while she was in first gear of engineering (it's kinda pretty big deal here) and they further went to say that the principal didn't believe and they congratulated it too.
breaking: no way egypt coming out of this with a functional democracy
i make it absolutely clear with any and all of my partners.
i naturally asked to see photos as i love seeing baby pictures!
sixth-grader's family tree fails to hold up to scrutiny
bible study group preparing for bible aptitude test
report: majority of add cases go undiagnosed until child's first public failure
pope francis: 'jesus—i get molesting kids, but nuns too?'
i blocked her, and have since yesterday been bombarded with messages from her sister and best friend about how "this breakup is killing her", but i'm not gonna fix this, she pushed me too far.
i then asked, “maybe other people have anxiety climbing over people!
i laughed it off and said “hell no.
peruvian shockingly knowledgeable about u.s. history
i wasn’t too worried because there was nowhere for it to go.
honest, hardworking man leans against reliable pickup truck
&#x200b; it's fair to say my dad may have stepped a foot or two in the autistic spectrum when it comes to gauging people's moods or handling certain social situations.
baffled dnc plant roy moore not sure what else he could have done to defame republican party
on the way out, i actually asked to talk to him and he told me that if it was him he would be pissed and in fact he said he would have made a huge scene and he commended me for my peacefulness.
new debate rules allow for one 15-second strangulation
i don’t know if i’m in the wrong here by holding onto her stuff despite her messages?
i was just getting out of an abusive relationship with my ex so i was very traumatised.
i know what i need to do now .
aita for refusing to apologize for political comments i made in public?
she told me our friend had been dating someone the whole time.
i call everyone in my life hun, my significant other, my pets, my in laws, strangers, and my parents.
i was worried about this because nye is his actual birthday and if we went later than 12 we would be missing his birthday.
it was in a facebook group about the show this is us.
i told her that her saying that made me cut myself, and that her abuse obviously isn't as bad as mine cause she doesn't seem to have any problems with it and she's asian anyways and all asian parents are like that and she should suck it up and she called me abusive.
he reached out to explain to me that he and his partner had starting fighting more often.
so basically, my girlfriend, g, and i were making lunch.
aita for sleeping with my ex-roommates fuck boy i lived with this girl for about a month while i was waiting for my apartment to come available.
prescription bottle recommends taking 10 tablets if you really want to fly
which includes chewing sugar free gum or sucking on sugar free cough drops constantly.
feel free to poke fun of though!
i ended up calling my boyfriend to tell him the bird escaped out a window i didn’t know was open.
motivational tape gets man excited for 20 minutes
i usually take the helm on initiating household service (though nothing is stopping him from doing it), and offered to have the toilet directly addressed, being more mindful in the meantime, double-flushing if i have to.
i invited a friend to stay with me in the lead up to christmas because he didn't have any friends or family to be with.
also i did and am helping her with her own expenses, in the last 3 months or so i've been paying around $1000-2000 of her credit card, it's just her dad's share of the debt that i'm not paying.
she went on a cruise bc her bf’s parents paid for her since cruises are relatively cheap, whatever.
nation's older brothers recommend not being such a little bitch
please don’t tell me i must do this—i know i must—but i know i won’t/can’t.
is what i said that much of an asshole thing?
aita for giving my friend advice and her crying?
kurrencykook.com gives new $100 bill mixed review
which i didn't really care about.
mobile news crew reports on own van breaking down
i ended missing my plane ride.
aita for hooking up with my best friend while she was in a committed relationship.
man feeling guilty about chowing down at 9/11 museum café
cash-strapped npr launches 'a couple things considered'
but no one asked him to pay it before the 9th.
it was supposed to be our special date night.
the least she could do is tell me good night when she’s feeling tired and head on to sleep.
needless to say, i was relieved, and assumed the party would not take place at our apartment.
napkinless man with grease-covered fingers realizes he trapped in a prison of his own creation
also their partner was not away while this night happened and they've had to tell quite substantial lies to cover it up.
man putting off starting family to focus on treading water in career for few years
fox news apologizes for mistaking patti labelle for aretha franklin
woman who hasn't bought anything recently wondering why she suddenly happy
i’m sad you’re not in my life (my fault) and i’m still curious and sad as to why i’m not enough.
i do not want to say how much but it's a 5 digits monthly earning.
i swiped up and said "you gained weight and it looks 🔥🔥🔥".
i am sure she knows from my girlffriend that i am expecting this before we can work on getting things done.
when he found out, he got very angry and is requesting the money back.
i ended the call, still sprinting and out of breath, as i approached a group of other drivers who'd pulled over about 50 yards from the suv.
report: majority of americans experience profound sense of dread when asked to name favorite music
she refused, so i banned her from our grade's group chat (i was the admin), and sent screenshots of our private messages, including a lot of stuff about her self harm, self loathing, and her asking me to make her feel bad, so she could commit suicide.
i've been conflicted about this and not sure if i made the right move.
my dog instantly growled and snapped at her but did not bite her, and then ran over to me.
on-the-job sexual harassment: three women tell their sizzling hot tales
china slaughters population to control flu outbreak
about 45 min in we decide to go to a's house.
i've been trying to be subtle, and have been dropping hints for a while that i would be interested in dating him/having fun, but they either go over his head and he totally doesn't understand, or he just kinda laughs it off and avoids providing a concrete yes/no answer.
zell miller named first secretary of offense
edit 2: thank you for your input everyone.
to be clear i am not against her getting a tattoo, but i feel you should really plan on what your tattoo will be\represent for the rest of your life, especially in a place as obvious as your forearm.
the other family member, brother a, doesn't live in the family home, but has been bringing over a monthly amount to cover his part of property taxes and the home equity loan that their mother took out a while before she died.
then he started to get out of hand: could barely comprehend our sentences, losing his shit, pacing aimlessly -- showing the tell-tale signs that he was losing his touch with reality.
liberals return to sodomy, welfare fraud
thing that was popular before brought back in hopes of it still being popular
if she feels like we'll be together alone for the plan, she wants to bring an extra friend.
also, my folks were over at our place twice last week taking care of the three year old while he was coughing so bad we didn't want to send him to daycare.
bath & body works unveils new soothing eucalyptus road flare
ben affleck defends decision to set 'argo' in boston
he was very dismissive and just waved his hand in a "shoo" motion and his kid told me he wants me to leave.
but no, i'm not attracted to those types of non-heterosexual women, even if they think of me as being feminine enough to try to hit on and be with.
nation hears voices encouraging it to buy gun
she recounted this story to me and it has been ongoing for a couple of weeks now.
'your father died peacefully in his sleep,' assures hospice nurse who spent past 6 months watching man wither away in agony
and i've generally got some super uncharitable opinions about the kind of guy that age who would enter into a relationship with my baby sister (do i privately believe that this guy is a massive creep?
mom recommends previously unheard-of form of transportation son could take to get home
&#x200b; to those of you asking why i don't want to get the flu shot - i have a 3 yo, she always gets the flu shot and i got one when she was under 1 yo.
she and i are in an \~short\~ ldr, and i have expressed to her multiple times how much this hurt me and how i do not fully trust her because of what happened.
world hunger: can new frito-lay zestitos solve the problem?
i've been practising not responding to them for a year and as a result, i now can no longer trust my gut instinct - if i react negatively to something, i am convinced it's because it's my ocd so i let it slide.
flash forward 2 months later and i realize this pretty much feels like an actual relationship.
i debated back and forth for a while, but eventually i did it.
threw away stuff at the mall food court, left stuff at football stadiums and movie theaters.
for awhile, i would just lower it back down to 71 and move on.
she also is home a fair bit, so i can’t just say she doesn’t experience the noise and this doesn’t care.
married almost 3 years with 2 young children.
i’m just trying to do the dishes the way that i like to!
a few days ago i got drunk at a party and was honestly having the time of my life.
i just can't connect with people very well.
his apology seemed really genuine but i usually take things like this at face value.
my bf and i both have started our freshman year at our local college, taking classes on campus, even though we are seniors in high school.
yeah yeah it's new year's eve and that's what people do...
department of housing and urban development issues report just to keep name out there
study finds harshly criticizing u.s. education system only causing it to fall further behind peers
i was pretty cool with things, and i'm so far removed from the person i was four years ago that it can sometimes be hard to remember details from my old life.
we're afraid maybe a dog got her or something." "i'm so sorry to hear about that.
my daughter followed me inside then goes back outside where kids are playing and this time they included her.
(i also did not go to the last day of class because i'm a pussy with bad social anxiety who did not want to explain to my group members why i submitted a game just for myself).
advertising firm unveils new mute-resistant commercials
brunch livened up by jazz trio's violent breakup
the boyfriend also puts the brother on the shopping club card accounts, but, admittedly, i am always with the boyfriend for shopping days so it is probably no big deal.
mass e-mail only has four recipients
melania wishes just once she could look in mirror without own reflection turning away, gust of wind blowing through room, doors slamming shut
i know she wants to spend more time with the kids, our son especially, but bringing him to a doctor's meeting where she needs to be actively participating isn't the way to do it.
area man having one of his little bursts of energy where he tries to write a song
i feel like she's the closest thing to my perfect match that i'll ever find so i don't get why my brain is becoming indifferent towards her.
he says "oh, i'm on grindr"-- and everyone else around us acts like that's the most natural thing.
she justifies this in terms of her chronic fatigue syndrome and my supposed autism, the latter of which has been diagnosed only by her.
aita for telling my hispanic girlfriend that our children should learn to speak english first?
biden co-presents best new starlet award with shyla stylez at 2015 avn adult movie awards show
zika virus joins lack of paid leave, unaffordable child care as reasons woman afraid of getting pregnant
governor too embarrassed to say which state he leads
minnesota resident thinking of finally packing it all up and moving someplace warm like michigan
officials struggling to condense trump's intelligence briefing down to one word
so basically there was this girl in my class that often left school early complaining of period pains.
report: rich suitors able to correctly guess beautiful woman's dress size 92% of time
university with 20,000 applicants to choose from somehow goes with caitlin
the truth is, i almost always only want a hook-up (as i am very busy this time of year), but none of them want it/want to see where things go.
anyway, i usually call my mom with stuff like this, but we’re so much alike that we just end up agreeing with what the other says.
in reality these are just casual things since almost everyone knows each other.
thousands dead in wake of low-carbon diet
though, i am not saying this is the only cause for her bad mood.
however some of her friends (mostly all guys) came up to me and said i am a horrible misogynist douche for saying what i said and that i owe her a real apology, i just told them to fuck off as well.
painful boil still too unformed to lance
tl;dr: aita for making my roomate leave due to my above average noise level without him even telling me if there was an issue?
server unbelievably touched to be asked own opinion on whether enchiladas or burger better choice
i tell him i'm not high anymore and that i'm leaving.
at this point, he goes fucking bonkers, loses his shit and just jumps straight onto the driveway and right onto the windshield of this dude's car.
i drive a 07 vw rabbit, has a eurojet full stainless exhaust (header back), a true cold air intake (with heat shield), and have had it tuned on a dyno.
supernatural powers vested in local pastor
young girls creeped out by older scientists constantly trying to lure them into stem
wibta for breaking up with my annoying depressed girlfriend on her birthday????
local newswoman's hairstyle reported on by co-anchor
trump unable to produce certificate proving he's not a festering pile of shit
every year when his birthday rolls around we jokingly celebrate it for a month.
art experts confirm guggenheim museum a forgery
&#x200b; so now when she complains about how tired she is, how tough it is with two, and how awesome it is for me to be able to go to work and get out of the house, i feel like telling her to fuck right off.
i promised like 1 year ago not to snoop through his phone anymore (i know, i'm the asshole there, but it's the only way i ever figured out anything was happening), but recently, he's been doing weird shit with his phone.
it probably seems petty but it bothers me.
well last monday (about two weeks after she told me the above) we started talking, and she said she wanted to start dating again.
this sounds petty but i'm actually pretty upset about it, so here goes i'm 26f and currently living with my mom for a month between apartments.
however, some students kept complaining, saying the attire was still inequitable.
so my dad(61) asked me if i(17) wanted to pull weeds in front of my house and he said he would pay me $20 for it.
and i’ll tell him i can’t because my parents are backing out on promises they have made to me for years.” i then said that i would call jeff’s parents.
garrison keillor fully deflates after massive sigh
i get there's ways around this, i'm just saying it is something i struggle with, and i definitely wasn't trying to be like haha i won't help.
[ edit: and i feel i should clarify, the reason it was posted to her wall and not a message is because i felt her friends who saw that goodbye post and were worried needed to see it as well.
&#x200b; the guy who got her number didn't last 2 days with her.
my brother continuously taunted me as i left and threw the basketball at my head.
there's more to this experience, but this is all that's relevant to the title.
i got into my car and started leaving.
he came out to try and get me to sleep indoors or even suggested we get a hotel but gave up pretty quickly.
bella asserts that she was really there for my during my lowest point (when i was admitted into hospital) and went above and beyond for me.
bar mitzvah marks local boy's passage into materialism
i feel like i am being treated rudely for providing a genuine service.
one of my friends told me she was very pissed about the comment and she got extremely defensive about it, saying she hasn't gained weight in 2 years and it was rude.
we started training new dance moves together even outside the course and also to cook and play board games.
aita for warning my girlfriends brother after he stereotyped me?
isis struggling to narrow down gop debate sound bites for new recruitment video
my friend and his girlfriend got a dog together and he became very close with the family.
the higher i go, this blue collar job turns into a white collar job.
sally was recently put in my 10th grade creative writing class, and one of our first units was a memoir.
aita for not telling my girlfriend i walk my dog with my best friend everynight the situation is: i(male) have been walking my dog with my best friend for close to a year now, she is rather attractive and likes the same stuff i do, and during the walks we mostly talk about our days.
i’ve always wanted to see a tsunami like that, a hurricane like that, a 8.0+ magnitude earthquake, an f 5 tornado, a volcano erupt, i wanna see all these amazing things in person.
taylor swift enters alternate universe to date body-building george harrison
golden retriever mauls 5 in huge victory for pitbull apologists
i felt too uncomfortable seeing him after this and avoided him at school, as well as rejecting his attempted plans to hang out.
i guess it was shitty for having blinders on and not realizing he was trying to yell at me saying i have your wallet or wave me down.
he takes his car to taco bell with his mess.
she rejected going to ucla because her boyfriend told her to.
to put this in context - before we met, my husband was very ‘active’.
outback employees return from mandatory 6-month walkabout in australian wilderness
breitbart traffic down as readers now getting bulk of news analysis from graffiti scrawled across neighborhood
i just fucking can’t do it.
bye then*hangs up* here’s where i start getting frustrated, because wendy’s is 10 minutes away without traffic and panera is 5 minutes away with traffic.
well after a few months i started to get bored of my new position and started to abuse my power.
aita for getting upset with my boyfriend for insinuating that i'm being disloyal?
tumbleweed of pubes rolls through desolate dorm bathroom
disney still throwing word 'classic' around like so much confetti
popeye decries mideast bombings; 'dese bombinks is disgustipating,' says sailor man
i feel incredibly guilty about this, but talking to my friends, they don’t think i’m entirely to blame for how things turned out so i guess i’m here for some unbiased judgement.
retiree gearing up for errands with lady friend
i only have two neighbors since i am on a corner lot, and neither have fences for their dogs.
area mom was waiting in the car for 20 minutes
so my fiance and i have been renting an apartment for the past three years.
it got later and later, and my ex still hadn't gone to his friend's party.
he said he didn't want me to work for our family, that if i really wanted a pay check let's get day care and i could get a job.
aita for needing an apology from my partner for leaving a pan full of oil on the stove top for hours?
middle-aged woman so tired of going back and forth between divorced parents' nursing homes
report: more americans turning to louder sources for their news
i found out a while ago she does cam shows for extra money.
a couple months ago i used to have regular conversation with a girl who had a pretty rough time at home, i was at a similar situation during my life so i understood fairly well and tried to support her as well as i could.
however, the whole day i didn't do it, making it clear it was simply not a priority and that i needed to study.
i explain both of the reasons why i couldn't take those suggestions.
we've been best friends for almost 8 years, she's like a sister to me.
i asked him in the past if he’d take cbd oil and he said no, i asked why, and he didn’t give much of a reason aside from “nothing will help.” i explained to him that there’d be no harm in trying it out, there are virtually no bad side effects.
aita for telling a classmate her project was lazy and uninspired?
area man too deep into haircut to start talking to barber now
total idiot resorting to tribalism decades before climate catastrophe makes it necessary
also, i forgot to mention his mother has three cats.
he says he feels a lot better knowing that he didn't dump her for no reason.
pantone intern starstruck after meeting designer behind sand dollar 13-1106
hotshot product talking big game about being good for consumer
man who enjoys thing informed he is wrong
i thought this was unfair because he had two batteries while i had one.
sorry for my poor grammar, english isn't my first language.
i said no and that i didn't want to be on it because of the side effects.
as i was sitting in one of the first lectures of the semester, i noticed a rather attractive chinese girl (19f) attending the lecture.
he was angry that i had just broken his new, very cool record (i clearly wasn't really hurt so we were past that).
aita for thinking the allowance situation is unfair?
i ask him to wash his dishes, and he says he’ll get to it next week, after finals.
documentary a scathing indictment of director's filmmaking skills
i did apologize to her but she said that i shouldn't have apologized.
she's not entitled or overly demanding and she never has been.
it was kind of in the back of my mind for a while but it didn’t really bother me.
i feel like i am constantly asking him for sex and getting turned down.
slow-thinking bystander weighing pros and cons of pulling man out of river
there is a chance that everyone thought i was calling d names and stuff, but i would think that the fact that r was getting swung at was a giveaway that he did it.
i loaned a portable roll up queen size mattress to my couple friends bc i wasn’t using it.
x started freaking out when she saw a text from n that she left her vape at his place.
i also don't know what the hell i'd get out of bringing this up again after all this time.
aita for being mad at my brother's gf for not coming to my other brother's wedding?
i was tired dealing with my depression alone, so i was pretty strained by giving everything i had to her yet not having the guts to talk about my personal problems yet (like come on, would you tell a stranger on the internet that you've known for a week about your personal life?
he agreed and said thats fine.
so my ex-girlfriend (we broke up 4 months ago, we both wanted it) invited me to her new years party.
some background about myself and my situation: i hate people knocking on my door.
but i think thats wrong, i can make my own family, other people who care about me, and i them.
(throwaway account cuz internet) my gf got accepted to this internship, but they placed her in a bad neighborhood which she doesnt want.
she was at her concert so we didn't talk much friday night.
crush is seeing other guys and clearly not interested in me.
farmers' almanac predicting short season for primetime dramas
tl;dr got mad at a stubborn neighbor and my unsupportive wife about him not letting me follow him into the gated community.
i could definitely tell she was trying to keep things going, but the encounter put me off.
pms told me that being pervert is not an insulting phrase per se.
the father and daughter got back on the bus and we headed towards the destination.
&nbsp;&nbsp; i didn't feel comfortable about it so i didn't go any further .and got the bluest balls ever.
frustrated employee no longer even trying to hide gre study books
netanyahu provides stunning new evidence that iranians planned sacking of babylon in 539 b.c.
i was in nyc this past week doing some business-related stuff.
sometimes it's real packed by people from the back.
towards the end of the day, she started crying because she though i was being needlessly mean to her by ignoring her and being dismissive.
boyfriend plans magical evening down to first detail
we wanted to immerse ourselves so my partner ordered italian wine and i wanted an italian beer.
we were on the same page for what we were.
aita or should she learn better coping skills?
if i had been working for the charity i would have simply said "hello someone borrowed a chair from here can we have it back please?" not "you stole a chair from us and we'd like a 5 euro donation".
i logged in and found proof of her cheating, not just on me, on her previous bf too, and that she was lying to the guy she was currently seeing about the fact she was also still sleeping with the guy she cheated on me with.
man purchasing pair of red pants better be ready to put up or shut up
i thought that was the end of that and i felt fine.
i slipped because the stairs were wet, and not because i was tipsy.
ex-con still hanging out with hallucinatory voices that got him in trouble in first place
parents drop fake treating-you-like-an-adult act half-hour into visit
woman's solo hiking trip shockingly doesn't have to do with inner journey or anything
aita for not listening to him and doing whatever i want?
for instance this thread is about me showing up to work injured.
flynn pleads guilty to lying to fbi, but, worst of all, lying to himself
'parent trap' producers recall euthanizing lindsay lohan clone after completing filming
he just avoids any sexual talk.
i have had issues with depression before, so i was weary about hookups.
i got out of the car and he had a the world's biggest "oh shit" look on his face.
aita for not playing my instrument at my friend's wedding?
could australia be building another yahoo serious?
detroit unveils new half-ton, 400 horsepower motown singer
i tried milo's phone one more time, and his mother picks up.
i just wish that the brother would help step in more if he wants to keep the house.
wibta if i reported this dude to hr?
(we were close friends for a year and a half before we got together, and i know how important his friends are to him, abf in particular, due to all the stories i've heard.) the last time abf even asked bf to hang out was 2 months ago, and he texted bf last minute on a friday night to see if he wanted to go, right then, to ren camp for a whole weekend.
i know it's silly but i don't know who's in the wrong here, can you help me?
but then in the end she asks me “is it okay if i still talk shit about you?” wtf.
norad takes area vagina to femstat 3
clearly, he was way more wrong, but you weren't right." ° "next time you get a situation, or deal with a person like that, just give him what he wants and get him the fuck out of your face." i take full responsibility for sleeping on the job.
conversational lamprey slowly draining life from dinner party
we get to my car, thank t and i drive back to l's place, still to fucked to be driving.
its a silly story, but aita for slipping, breaking the record, and being upset that henry was upset that the record broke?
(etc.)”, to limit talking in the call for things that are important or relevant.
this gave me a sick idea.
i enquire more about this with something along the lines of "can't you do what you want to do?".
(and i promise this isn’t some kind of pro-breast milk campaign.
her mom runs a daycare out of the house.
we are still doing our day to day thing, but i really am thinking of breaking up with him.
i mean he has other shirts and pants and slippers!
so much shit has happened with her, to the point where other people just don't like hanging out with her anymore.
i think he's being really immature and childish for "wanting to poop wherever" especially when it honestly affects me negatively both mentally and physically.
while out drinking, i sent a texts to my friend to see if she would go see an expensive play with me, since the people i was out with were talking about it and i wanted to see it, and i was in a state where i could afford it.
i saw him with his new girlfriend in july and i sent her a message asking if she is uncomfortable that i go to the same parties as them, she said no it's fine.
i kinda regret texting her that, and i don't want to really have her over, though the attention is p nice.
barbra streisand to take rare public dump
woman trying to wean self off coffee by switching to long island iced tea
she also talks as though she knows more than everyone around her.
it was a meaningful one depicting her deceased pet.
was my rationalization really that wrong?
margaret atwood: 'the handmaids are supposed to be aliens'
i felt bad, i don’t want b to be frustrated or irritated in our dorm.
edit 2: we talked and she said she has been really busy and didn't realise.
and told me how i wasn't trying to improve myself even though i was trying.
progressive parents allow child to choose how he's ostracized by peers
hi reddit, so my girlfriend of 5 years has admitted to me tonight that she had feelings for about 2 weeks about a guy she frequently plays call of duty with.
'onion book of known knowledge' contains cure for hiv
that guy from that one show to make guest appearance on that other show
i don’t know if she actually has to use the bathroom or is just doing it to annoy me at this point.
i figured that if i refused and gave an explanation, things would just end there.
but i did mention that i am in the process of borrowing a lot of money for her business to expand but my credit is going to show this debt.
am i wrong for driving to the end of that lane in order to get a little further ahead even though i may have passed up opportunities to merge in a little further back?
netanyahu assures critics he still has utmost respect for u.s. money
afterwards i say i want to date you but i don't want to ruin anything good you and your bf might have to which she replies was there any good.
remainder of ross ice shelf now in smithsonian freezer
our families live 1-2 hours away so it’s usually more like day visits instead of quick visits.
why are we having this conversation.
from this distance i could see its windows were all shattered and the driver and passengers were standing around looking pissed.
if so i can have it reshipped.
alright so i'm new to this but having read a lot of these posts decided to post mine.
&#x200b; fast forward to after she gets home (7:50ish), in which she sits in the living room playing mobile games or watching tv.
they didn't even give me time to eat breakfast.
ever since black ops 4, red dead, and spyro came out, i have been playing my playstation every day during all my free time.
convention crowd really hoping bill clinton breaks tension with joke about how terrible he looks
- if someone drives respectfully behind me and i can tell i'm holding up a line, i'll switch.
let's call them girl a and boy b.
considering i have to speak for matches on end, i can’t afford to scream or yell.
for those that don’t know what that is the basic goal is to terraform mars and end with as many victory points as possible.
my ex boyfriend, b, broke up with me more than a year ago.
i was angry that he seemed more concerned about the record than my well being.
after a few days, my friend asked how my step dads thumb was doing and i have the realization that the only way my friend could get information about my step dads health was through me, so i kept the story going.
role of tree ineptly played by second-grader
she avoided talking to me from that point on.
aita for invalidating my sister's feelings?
area man directs customers to superior value in all-weather radials, yet feels nothing
huntsman quietly relieved to be polling poorly among gop voters
after 44 minutes w1 was done with mounting the lamp and my dad was ready to pay.
warden scrambling to find ways to punish striking inmates worse than their typical living conditions
yesterday, i got on a plane for a 6 hour flight across the us.
i call my parents and they back me up, saying they find it a bit weird, but they sympathisewith julia (their favourite, i’m not mad).
but recently, her birthday came and she wanted all three of her children with her in church, as it happened to fall on a sunday this year.
he essentially treats me like an object.
she then went on to say she doesnt accept my reasons for not going to the bridal fair (extreme nausea and pain).
he kept smacking my hand away telling me not to touch him.
i asked her to call me, just to help me getting through that harsh hour or so.
the next day i found her chatting in another stream, said she was boring again and got told off pretty harshly.
she told me that she feels a lot better than she did earlier this year, and is in a much better place.
one of my firends brought space muffins (my first time im stoned) and the guy i invited aswell lets call him jack got a bad trip and puked my house under and my poarch that i share with other people.
my husband considered going on his own, he was supposed to be in the wedding, but i am barely getting by as is i don't feel like i could handle a whole weekend with the baby by myself.
the thing with him is that he's completely fine with specific dogs, and loses his mind with others.
congress puts aside partisan differences for good of military contractors
poke with stick confirms raccoon's death
suddenly, it's the night the thing is due - at midnight.
petty, i know, but i'd be lying if i said it wasn't just a little satisfying.
that last sentence is so crucial - the little child in me freaks out that i'm being abandoned.
study finds suspicious circumstances still leading cause of death in russia
walk along that street at all hours.
so the other day, he comes to my friend’s dorm.
she's been nice to me, like overly nice to where i think shes probably faking it, and i try to be nice back for my dad but it's hard.
i've gotten really good with selective hearing and sight so you can be right next to me trying to get my attention and i wont aknowlege a thing.
okay so i'm married and i have a crush on my coworker.
-every morning before she asked i asked if she had everything; phone, wallet, keys, lunch, etc.
last 12 years a real wake-up call for area man
most of us have no money to go visit him or are too busy with work or other commitments to make such a long trip.
10th-grade prodigy studying mathematics at 10th-grade level
recently i won a $4000 scholarship to take flight lessons.
&#x200b; some examples: &#x200b; he always lied about his grades; one time i literally saw that he got around 50% for a math test (by accident, since he left it on a table) while he bragged about a 96% to everyone.
however, the events of late have me feeling that this has gone too far.
this happened one more time until she finally broke up with him.
while not exactly "racing" them, i try to keep up with them.
wibta if i call out a kid for excessively aggressive gameplay on someone who doesn't consent to it when i play against him again in the future?
i also thought maybe trey wasn't in his right mind because he was drinking and smoking all night and i didn't wanna blow up his life over a mistake.
later i can hear her going on instagram and snap chat, calling her friends and telling them what an "ugly little shit" i am, how i don't deserve a life and all that.
recently discovered 13,000-year-old footprints reveal humans danced the charleston earlier than first thought
whoa, vacuum got something pretty big under couch
just try to reason with someone who doesn't see things your way.
aita for being offended that people thought i was gay?
finally, i could get back at her...
my family knows about all of this since yesterday and they were not really happy about my decision, they called me "selfish mf" but i don't care.
my cousin was visiting and like all 5 year olds, he was acting quite naughty.
so im telling him "look dude this has a huge tear i know yours doesn't now let go of my stuff.", he told me to open it up i refused then he started screaming trying to take my bad with him.
the reason i'm writing here is that someone sort of called me out on it today, as they loudly remarked to a mentally challenged person that "they could sit next to them, and people shouldn't have their bags on the empty seats.
&#x200b; sorry for the rambling, but i hope this is clear.
quiet riot speaks out against nation's poor metal health care
slim and i remained good friends and hops knew i was a friend and thought i was a customer.
film critic belatedly comes up with swordfish zinger
had to do the bra shopping and all of that.
it might do her some justice anyway.
she was in complete denial about this saying she was never mean to me and that i am a compulsive liar and i am making up memories in my head about our childhood.
aita for forgiving an exfriend and not caring about my boyfriend's concerns?
additionally he was not ok with me staying with a guy friend over night.
but he knew what i did before we started dating and he knows that as of now i need people to find me to make sure ends meet.
new dating site suggests people you already know but thought you were too good for
hillary clinton reveals zero in non-candid, tell-nothing interview
area man thinks girlfriend's sister might be a little cuter
she also says that she is still attracted to females and therefore is still bi but in my opinion, she isn't gay until she's in a gay relationship.
i tell him i didn’t hear her asking that.
i went to anger management, i'm better now and she finally broke up with me.
jessica alba saving money for when audience turns on her
nation's sisters issue annual report on dealing with dad
aita for not getting ready sooner, or am i right in thinking that i actually haven’t done anything wrong, much less anything worth apologising for?
but unfortunately this is his one downfall for and he does not try to make the change despite knowing how bad it is.
this is something that has been burning away at me for years.
aita for wanting to use my brother’s switch?
i'm trying to make peace with myself and move on, because if she didnt see me romantically the first few times, it's obvious she won't have feelings for me ever.
lutheran minister arrested on charges of boring young children
ryan gosling sneaks past paparazzi in full-body red carpet camouflage
honestly this teacher just bullys him.
over the next few months she'd come down to the city and we'd hookup and honestly i was in love all over again and we were kinda basically seeing each other but not official or anything.
just a little bit of context here.
i ended up moving into my boyfriend's room because it was too much to bear (plus tom snored).
new nervous-energy drink recreates feeling of waiting for girl to call
my grandmother is 91 and lives in a nursing home in a small city.
scientists discover eating serves function other than easing anxiety
i always assumed she did want to meet.
but now cheated on him with me.i'm trying to convince her that it isn't her fault that his dad died and that she has to end the relationship with him because it's better that she's saying the truth then lying to him.
shirtless mike huckabee spends entire debate seated in rickety rocking chair
i am skinny, she is not.
for this scenario i will refer to my sister as s, my ex girlfriend will be x, and my old friend as l.
disney world forced to euthanize character that attacked visitor
it was just so weird to me and basically, i told l to cancel the flight and not come because i didn't think he would actually come.
will try to make a long explanation short.
we agree it looks nice but we feel terrible having to think about how it will be around for thousands of years so we could enjoy it for a few seconds.
i may have mentioned in passing how her job makes me uneasy, but i never asked her to give it up.
we booked the trip around march or so.
i always began the conversation, asked if she wanted to go on a date, etc.
we discussed it, but neither of us has any romantic or sexual feelings toward the other anymore.
i (26m) do not have kids.
a few days later she tells me "oh i want to get the boys bunk beds" not discussing it in the least with me.
the conversation went well and he was really cool and understanding.
so, seeing i was on a leave period from work, i go on and order plane tickets to naples in italy.
she moved out of her parents house at 17 and apart from occasional asking her parents for money she has been entirely independent for the last two and half years.
by the time i say goodbye, it was about 11:35am.
i try to stand my ground, keep my head up and stand up for myself or what's right most of the time.
report: christ, someone actually brought their kid to this
i don’t think she’s that bad in reality but, she has got - what i feel - some wacky ideas.
the friendly drunk girl wants us to go to the bar and all the other models are there.
scientists discover dangerous link between book learnin', back talk
she says that its horrible that i would even ask.
he wanted to move in together on our 4th month in.
unsurprisingly i was more than annoyed, as i had to stop right in the middle and answer the door.
am i an asshole for thinking this already??
aita for 'sabotaging' my co-intern's project for a brief background, this was during summer internships, which are a mandatory part of our mba programs.
boy stops worshipping dad at record age of 3
long story short, we have sex in their bed.
that's basically how i am raising my child no mindless entertainment, natural foods, clean water, private education.
eta: the guy is a professional landscaper, so he may only being seeing “damage” that a pro would see, and wasn’t really asking us to pay for damage.
self-destructing onion social algorithm delivers stirring monologue about folly of mankind's hubris
it wasn't personal, i just don't believe in tipping.
independent baking scene apparently worth a documentary
my mother was the same, it is how i was raised and i trust her because she also suffers from depression.
experts confirm rainforest ecosystem destroyed to make room for onion social server farm wasn't that impressive to begin with
i go home with her, and we have sex multiple times that evening, and the next day.
i've always wanted to go there too.
until one time i left her neck covered in hikeys(idk how you spell that) .
i walk to the beach to take a picture of the lights.
but the kicker came during when i went downstairs with my dad to work on my math homework.
when we meet we just talk and talk about anything, and the topic of how we’re coping with our relationship always comes up.
turns out they were available, they just decided to hold interviews for a new coach in their secret chat, as the thing i'd put hard work into organising just...
once or twice a month my cellphone will go off with a loud warning of "earthquake detected, low intensity".
i tried to contact her to check in on her but she blocked those advances as well.
things got a lot better and our friendship/closeness flourished.
at this point, neither of us have spoken in a bit, and she slowly reaches her hand down to my private area and starts to unzip my pants.
edit 2: i also forgot to mention he had the ability to downgrade our services to just internet for 50 dollars per month or allow us to shut it off and simply do his course work at the library or the academic building holding his class where the internet is free.
he also got married to this girl he’d been seeing for only 3 months and i told him that probably wasn’t the best idea and he should wait, which he took offense to and only ended up escalating our tensions.
suitcase spends all year looking forward to carousel ride
after, as i was told that my coupon went through and my order was placed (thank god i didn’t give them my card there) and went to the store.
however the reception has not been good.
i recognize that caring for a child is a 24/7 job, which will be about a 70/30 split on responsibilities when our daughter comes home, since my wife will be at home with mat leave from her job as well as taking the semester off from her school program, while i continue to go to work.
when she said this i therefore interpreted it as that she didn't trust us guys not to take advantage of her if she got drunk.
teens throwing rocks at overgrown, long-vacant supreme court seat
from there money was never and issue again and we have been *happy* ever since.
some context for how i ended up asking kendra out...
man confused by obscure down-ballot measure about deciding who his senator should be
ex-boyfriend hopes to still be terrible, incompatible friends
prayers answered by random series of events in cold, uncaring universe
what would be the next step anyway?
“would you do what you did to a stranger?
let me make one thing especially clear: i am *not* a slow driver.
the bag of sour candy probably had 20 pieces in it, and i gave it all out.
she's been crying that i've been killing her and need to make a decision, but i think shes overreacting to the situation and doesn't seem that worried about losing me or she'd have put in more effort.
for one, i'm not her father.
i'm also starting a part time job right now and i don't feel comfortable asking for a leave.
she is an emt, and very cute.
amazing 'human fly' lives off diet of garbage
i have gotten into shit with these “gals” because i’m good friends with one of their boyfriends.
i've been wanting to get this out of my chest for a while now and i found this sub in which i think this belongs to.
i asked him if he could recall one thing she asked me about myself or my life (besides what i do) and he couldn’t come up with anything.
aita if i ignore my fiancee?
edit 3: final update, i told him the truth and apologized as per your suggestions.
i'm straight and i think people like ryan gosling, ryan reynolds etc.
i was considering sucking on them but then i noticed...that.
so this experience transfers to how i shop as a customer and i just don’t feel bad about messing up piles when i wanna see what something looks like or find a size.
so i come from a big family i have 10 siblings and if i count me there is 11 of us....
she lives with her parents still and i share an apartment with 2 other guys.
then she asks, because she's so tall, if she can have the window seat so she can stretch her legs without blocking the aisle.
and me not traveling doesn't fix our labor laws.
she’s living with her grandparents, not making much effort to see the kids other than berating me daily to remind me that her part time job doesn’t allow her to see them and trying to make me feel like an asshole for “making her homeless”.
report: only 7 band names remaining
and that's when she got really upset saying that people come to her streams because she's a good entertainer and has a great personality.
overworked pajama bottoms pray owner gets job soon
the menu didn’t state this and i would not have ordered it if i knew it was blue cheese because i hate blue cheese.
apparently she is pissed at me for chewing into despite her helping wash dishes.
bush vows to put man on moon before it disappears at end of month
aita for not not wanting to rub my girlfriend's neck constantly?
hand drum after hand drum emerges from vw bus
i still want to send my daughter to that school because we've promised her so since she was about 5, but my husband says either both kids go or neither does.
jfk jr. announces plans to run for best-dressed man in '98
there are moments when i feel so old because i had a kid but then when i’m with her i feel like a child myself.
i told her this isn't a job this is just some stupid shit she uses to fill the time until her boobs and ass sag and then where will she be.
i spent a day with her picking out dresses.
she ignores all contact that night.
pornhub expands parental controls for user accounts
this, along with other factors such as severe social anxiety and dysphoria, lead to him becoming more depressed.
anderson cooper decides to keep recent gay conversion therapy private
my gf is pretty ruthless so she just sat there laughing.
but, for years they impose their life values on me.
the class starts at 12:40 and ends at 16:00.
none off my friends have an issue with this at all and will happily do the same back to me.
&#x200b; when we first started talking she mentioned this other guy \[phillipe\] (whom lives in the town she lives in now) and that she was kinda talking with him.
&#x200b; just need some opinions on whether i'm the asshole here or nah.
anyway, we texted today: friend’s mom- “did you talk to [son] this weekend?
me and my roommate (24 and 25 yrs old) live next to a married couple and their two very young kids (if i had to guess the older one is like 4-5 and the younger one is like 2-3?) and at least one of the kids cries all the fucking time.
aita for telling her "i love you and i want a future with you" (35m) with some issues due to my past.
you dont actually need that money in my opinion.
seven-year-old told to take it like a man
if we see other dogs or joggers we usually step off the sidewalk into a parking lot, driveway, grassy area or just cross the street.
she was pretty drunk so she was just confused.
cat that spends life on one of two couch cushions given rabies vaccine
m came up to me a few days later and she basically told me she was pissed off at me for telling l and that if i didn’t apologize we weren’t going to be friends anymore.
report: majority of statements now prefaced by phrase 'in light of recent events'
the only problem was my continued uneasiness around monogamy.
middle-aged man having best snacks of his life
and since i did not have my glasses she was blurry anyway.
guy typing in all caps supports edward snowden
she kept floating the idea of taking our oldest to the meeting, which i kept saying was unnecessary as i stay home with our other two kids and regularly get him after school on days she's working.
then one night she got too drunk and she kissed some other guy.
aita for shooting my friend’s dog with a airsoft gun?
she will often say one thing to me and mean another, the best example i can use is through text messages from last night: &#x200b; me: i'll be honest i'm sorry it has come to this with me staying out of the house, but it is the only way i know i won't piss you off.
aita for not doing the dishes?
i mentioned this to some co-workers and they seemed less bothered by it, but i think i get a fuller brunt of the welcome.
they came up with the same advice i had given myself.
i really shot myself in the foot when i invited her in the first place.
when i voiced my concerns saying that i felt is was a cramped apartment and that none of the bedrooms could fit my furniture, all i received in return was that "you could just get rid of your tv stand", even though i have a need for it.
his well to do side of the family refused to loan him the money even though he is an exceptional student and he promised to pay it back.
she at one point said "are you really gonna make me go by myself?" and i said "i didn't make you change your mind".
infomercial host skeptical at first, then delighted by product
we were having a laugh, taking the piss out of the stupid shit on the posters, and i posted to my snap story, basically trash talking the posters.
i trusted her since she brought it up.
man at adjacent urinal pretends to look straight ahead
i get very little time off of work, and i want to enjoy what little vacation time i have.
he sulked and said i’m calling him fat.
i don't know if i'm overthinking it or what.
last night she asked me again how i felt about this whole relationship and i told her that it hasn’t gotten better but probably a bit worse (feeling wise).
candy purchase puts yet more money in raisinets' bloated coffers
83-year-old sneaks into 65-to-80 singles dance
i'm twenty, i live with my mom in my aunt's house (which is a story for another time) and the power dynamic is a little....extremely off.
i started drinking some, and was being super nice and talkative to her again, definitely cause of the alcohol but i also felt like talking about it helped.
man unknowingly purchases lifetime supply of condoms
at this point i'm not really ready for something like this, but admittedly i don't say anything or express visible discomfort, but she also hasn't asked me if this is ok.
woman would have had awesome time aborting fetus if it weren't for angry protestors screaming outside clinic
what followed was just me and my mother arguing for a good half an hour, me getting thrown out and my sister crying, i guess because of our arguing.
department of 'homeland' urges all americans to watch this week's episode
new product can do all that, more
miriam didn't seem to notice either way.
cash-strapped nra forced to shoot dozens of redundant employees
soon my father and mother and all of us joined in on the fun, using my brother’s dessert as a toy.
basically, we have a deal on cooking, we each have set days that we cook for each other and every time whoever didn't do the cooking, does the dishes.
we asked her to explain, she said if she has to explain then we truly don’t get it.
for example, the grandparents that live close to me and where actually at the party (because they lived close enough) gave me a cook book for kids and a book called something like h*ow to be a good teenage girl*.
i’m a freshman in college, and i live with four roommates in a bigass dorm.
aita if i tell a girl from tinder i don't want to go on a date anymore because of her lazy eye?
but it’s the company who will be providing compensation, and i got zero fucks about their coffers.
i am quite a passionate person when i speak and have been told when i’m angry i make words sound venomous almost...
aita for telling my mum i don't love her?
its not like she gave me money and i kept it.
i call her to ask her for a jump, she says she can’t do it.
anyways it’s not like i said it with intention to be rude there’s a difference between “unremove my post i broke no rules” as opposed to “you better unremove my post” moderator: i don’t see where you said please you said “unremove my post” me: haha never mind guy forget it then.
anyways, december of 2017, i went to india with my family, cuz my parents are immigrants and my maternal cousins stil live in india.
recently, though our relationship has been going really well, we haven't had sex in a while.
i said i'm staying out of it as long as i'm left out of it.
he was sloppy and unnecessarily aggressive.
aita for exposing my buddies reddit account to our friends irl?
he also plays with some mysterious toy that he seems to throw directly onto the ground and it continues to bounce for eternity (we have hypothesized that its some kind of wooden ball or something).
anway fast forward i was supposed to meet her these winter holidays (around new years eve) for the first time, so i asked her what we're gonna do about that unspoken thing when we meet.
limited-edition solange vinyl features list of chores to do while album plays in background
because of this, none of them had even seen me have a full blown attack.
report: more prisons now encouraging inmates to explore their creativity by designing own method of execution
one of the girls, who is a hipster sjw type, and also black, raised her eyebrow at that phrase and pointed it out to me.
all the questions i ask are on topic but sometimes are there just to clarify or ask something related but that might not be covered.
i did commend her good intentions and suggested a donation instead though but told her absolutely not.
driver rattled by brush with death for nearly 10 seconds
four days later, this guy staying with me has cost me $200 in take outs, ubers and drinks when we went out.
&#x200b; little back story: my wife got cold thursday night and she did not go to work on friday to relax at home.
david bernhardt denies business interests influenced yellowstone's name change to frito lay presents doritos flamin' hot nacho national park
she has always taken the time to check in with me occasionally and see how im going etc.
he would disconnect from reality at >3 tabs.
**agent** i wish i could but since the courier send to the system that it has been delivered is like the order has ended, i am really sorry, i understand how important is this item for you and you have a long time waiting for it.
how much of an asshole was i?** if someone else were telling this story i'd probably go with esh.
citizens to vote on young or old reagan for $15 bill
i've had one and that was all i needed to know that i didn't like it personally.
aita for the way i choose to make my daughter aware of her food choices?
prick veterinarian keeps dachshund waiting in empty lobby for 45 minutes
unclear if store called 'casa spazio' sells leather sofas or pizzas
it’s just whenever they have parties there his ghetto friends and family come and act all ghetto and annoying.
report: majority of time in pool spent urging others to enter pool
at this point i got mad and told her to stop bitching..she goes off on me and calls me an asshole.
i really would let her if she just asked too...
she didn’t feel comfortable in the showers either, also stating that it wasn’t very clean, and when she asked the clerk for a bag for her dirty clothes after her shower she received plastic bag to carry her clothes with her followed by some more rude stares.
we dropped the subject and moved on, but it's bothering me that she would think i'm racist.
wibta if i australian didn't tip for food while visiting the us?
fucking idiot has perfect gif for that
today was a bad day at work for me.
he plays basketball on a competitive team.
aita for telling the girl i’m dating she was overreacting i’ve (28m) been dating this girl (21f) for about 5 months and last night she completely freaked out on me.
pence visits conversion therapist for routine gay-preventative checkup
&#x200b; one i did have a bit of poor wording.
new 40-gigabite ihop breakfast platter holds up to 10,000 pancakes
we ate dinner, looked around and decided to leave.
we chat for 5 minutes while i wait with her for her uber to arrive.
my parents say i'm "ruining" their trip and "making it very hard for them." am i the asshole?
so i may just let it go and see what she chooses.
after i made it clear i wasn't feeling it currently, she got fairly flustered with me saying she doesn't feel like i want to connect physically with her.
also, he's a tenant at-will, so i can evict him for literally any or no reason.
nation shocked cop facing punishment for murder
i just really think it is ridiculous, and although he is a very smart person, this thing just reminds me that he doesn't often think with his head.
to which i replied i didn't want to watch it but still went with you.
aita for sharing private information an ex-friend shared with me?
we purchased it and continued having a great day with his family.
our parents agree with me that she can't do this, and exclude everyone.
ok first up we are non-monogamous, so shagging other people is legit and above board.
this does not interfere with the clerk's ability to help the customer already at the counter and takes less than 5 seconds to complete.
better safe than sorry i guess?
aita fir waking up a homeless dude to give him some money?
since then, probably over 80% of days she still seems to fall asleep without saying goodnight.
she constantly asks to play with us and my buddies can’t seem to tell her no, even though we all know we prob won’t get any wins with her.
this desision seemed to have come so out of left field that i kind of feel he won't stay a male and switch back because of how sudden it is so me and my friends have made a few jokes about it (but i think it's mainly just cause i don't like him i'm not transphobic) i probably am an asshole but not a transphobic one
documentary viewer can't wait to find out which 4 lads from liverpool changed music forever
conceptual genius goes as self for halloween
she thinks she will live to be very old and be in good shape, when i doubt that she will turn 70 without being bed bound.
but then, blam, a third player joins the arena.
departing obama tearfully shoos away loyal drone following him out of white house
i always have to unfold something and hold it up to see if i like it, and if it’s not my taste i quickly fold it back up and put it back, but obviously not as neatly as it was originally folded.
but it does hurt my feelings that pablo still regularly keeps in touch with him and took a loan from him when he has 2 best friends (james and i) that would do anything for him.
i will probably end up apologizing i just want to know if i am a asshole in this case.
nation dutifully gets in cars, stands in line, watches new star wars movie
i was clearly mistaken, my sister said 'its not hard to get a $5 gift", and shes right, i did get a post card from china that was 5$ but i'm planning to get them something good under $30 from the liquor store, a thank you card and a gift card today.
still, fred continued to hang out wilma despite that and our advice.
i assumed it would be fine but to my surprise, my friends didn't want him to come.
i say i’m better and she’s like “wow awesome!” and i don’t respond.
we got our asses whooped equally and treated to an ice-cream equally.
i was completely satisfied with what i had done.
i've asked reddit if i'm the asshole in this situation.
his real mother is a deadbeat.
this year it snowed again and i'm the only one who didn't shovel my portion of the sidewalk.
at first, i was a bit skeptical of them, but i didn't want to call the alleged hacker for sure.
$300 tax refund used to justify $700 worth of miscellaneous purchases
g7 unable to get deposit back on shipment of 'g8 summer getaway' t-shirts
i'd known everyone in the group for a couple years at least by the time all this stuff went down.
benghazi committee instructs hillary clinton to limit answers to 'i failed the american people'
dude's been late on rent 3/5 months we've lived together.
fu#k this place and the idiots who wouldn’t give me my food.
here comes the unfortunate day, we go to our final swim meet of the season, (literally the last day) and i'm getting ready to race, so i have my speedo on and my cap ready to get in, the girls had just dove in and a pretty sizeable chunk of the team is at the opposite end of the pool cheering on the girls.
i want to be fully transparent about money.
(acid loser eventually broke up with her, the breakup made her mental health even worse)...
she didnt say anything but she left silently.
my school serves an economically diverse neighborhood, and some parents/students stated they can not afford to buy a nice dress or suit.
i pressed it but didn't smell anything.
i used to visit her every year, but i stopped 3 years ago.
i was crushed to say the least.
i was very clear in stating “if that is what you believe, it says you’re not looking”.
i am an 18 year old freshman in college and i am an avid d&d player.
this never raised any suspicions because, well i was ignorant at the time.
he worked a job over the summer and has received some scholarships, so i think it's fine to take out student loans, since he can keep getting scholarships.
genealogists find 99% of people not related to anyone cool
boyfriend's snack 200% of woman's daily caloric intake
at one point we were walking back from a group event alone and she kissed me again, she admitted that she liked me and pressured me to admit that i liked her.
emaciated peter alexander burns podium for warmth after being locked in abandoned press briefing room since december
i responded emotionally, telling her i couldn't believe she would expect me to come face to face with my ex mere weeks after our break up and my hospitalization.
guy's entire job just asking people if they have time for a quick chat
manafort shares tense silence with rick gates on car ride back from trial
i can appreciate that it's a cultural practice and may have significance there but it is empirically ineffective.
a couple walked in with a baby- let's call them dimwit husband (dh) and stupid wife (sw).
my question is wibta if i reported him to hr for attempting to lure random women into his workplace for sex, which would probably result in him being fired.
although i knew this hurt my boyfriend's feelings, i went on the vacation with them.
i'm not even hitting on her, i'm just trying to be nice, like i am to all my other coworkers.
renée zellweger no longer renée zellweger type
the next few days he kept hitting me up trying to find a solution for us to work things out.
she said that the whole situation probably wouldn’t have bothered her if it weren’t for one conversation.
after my body adjusts, 6 months.
local neurotic to undergo invasive 32,000-hour-long therapy procedure
study exposes risks of conducting research while driving
initially my girlfriend wanted to go with her friends and i but after her friends told her no we decided we wouldn't go either.
yes the dog was aggressive and would have probably bit us.
he also talks about how his friend and her husband keep trying to sleep with him (he stays at their place occasionally).
aita for how i've treated this girl?
3) my wife tells me to tone it down all the time, but has never done so at a live game.
aita for writing off my young brothers depression as just posing?
his depression continued to become more severe as time went on, with him telling me about how he had almost taken his life a year prior and how he was self harming.
i don't have the new guys information but i do want to do something about this since i have to live here another 3 weeks so i figure i'll just call in a noise complaint on the property.
earlier today, me and a couple of friends were playing smash ultimate on his switch, and we were doing a tourney battle.
this was obviously years ago but it still bothers me every once in a while.
(my english isn't the greatest, sorry!) &#x200b; &#x200b; &#x200b; well, i've got myself into a mess of a situation.
i am not comfortable with it." in a rather irritated voice because it was the third or fourth time i requested it after the teacher very specifically told everyone it was not okay.
i do want to clarify that what i mentioned were the only exchanges i had with this person.
man fears he may never trust again after treasured picture of duck turns out to be rabbit
i’ve never gotten yelled at before, why now?
turkish actor thinks he's cüneyt fucking arkin
man with no plans just too exhausted to go out
i know what you're thinking again, definitely the asshole but if she died in the first week why didn't she tell us/someone on the monday of the second week when she was in?
i told her that her getting married at her age, at that point in her life (after all that she juggles), was one of the biggest mistakes she’s ever made.
federal reserve vice-chairman roger ferguson: hot or not?
astronaut piloting cargo ship leaves note on side of iss after accidentally knocking off solar array
caller enters remote backwaters of 1-800 automated messaging system
the only issue is that he has considerably more feelings for me than i for him.
aol acquires time-warner in largest-ever expenditure of pretend internet money
freelancer loves being able to barely scrape by livelihood on own schedule
trump resigns from presidents local 150 in protest of unions
man only has himself to blame for what's in targeted banner ad
i’ve always been under the impression that the change in the dish was for the taking anyway, as i’ve seen other people do before, because it was left by the previous owner, therefore it is up for grabs and there’s no attachment to it.
nanny appears in child's drawings more than mother
audubon society reveal they've only seen, like, 3 birds
man coasting through life entirely on benefit of doubt
now, within our common friend group this seems to have been common knowledge.
man unable to explain contempt he feels for group of people enjoying one another's company
he asked me to meet me at a large chain hardware store where he works, for sex in the back rooms of the shop, and wants to take naughty pictures etc at his work.
i didn't lie to her and i wasn't with any other girls.
and once again i stated that we should cross that bridge when we come to it.
crumpled-up potato chip bag spotted in bathroom trash can
unlikely team of allies unite to take on airport gate agent
guy just trying on shirt right in middle of store
archaeologists discover strata of welcome back, kotter merchandise
i tried to reason with him and brought up how minutes ago he literally told me we could talk.
trump vomits immediately after seeing everyday americans up close
i said i don’t want to go because last time we went in we were there for 10 hours, mostly due to wait time, causing me to miss most our sleep time.
god provides gift to women in form of marketing analyst bradley ennis
i literally particpated in a cuckolding.
this teacher in my school has been constantly giving me hell due to my views on feminism which i expressed in her english speech assessment.
study reveals that girls who play princess grow up with skewed perceptions of the role of modern monarchy in a democratic society
apparently this teacher is saying i am causing strain on this persons relationship.
u.s. ambassador to cambodia thinks diplomatic immunity covers what he just did
i started thinking about the diary again, because i wondered what her impression of me was like.
perfect gentleman does not assault drunk woman
that guy was a friend until that point...so what ended up happening was i updated the co-tas and that guy basically responded with "don't tell me what to do." i said "uhm...i'm not telling you what to do.
aita for telling my wife she has to quit her job?
tl:dr if you don't know what twitch is it is a website where ppl broadcast themselves playing video games.
i really like him and he seems like a good guy.
she claims to enjoy sex and so once a month i’ll get to have sex with my girlfriend.
m then starts to complain about how my other friend (l) is bad at the game and how l interrupts the dungeon master all the time.
he also complains about how my friends call him names and that if i was to tell them i'm dating him they'd stop.
my text: hey for valentine's this year if you guys want to get the kids stuff can you please give things like nuts, seeds or beef jerky instead of candy.
so it was strange when a few months ago out of the blue he told me he had started smoking again at work.
so the other day i decided to send them a text about upcoming valentine's day and what they were planning.
because my teacher asked her to stop sharing notes with the rest of the class because they weren't doing any of their own studying and were actually just freeloading off allison because they couldn't be bothered to put in the work themselves(they would just not show up for 2 out of the 4 days, show up the day before the test to take notes from her and leave during the dinner break.
trio of cutups attempts to hide horse from landlord
empire state building reopens spire to visitors
i have decided to still buy him 1 video game, and tickets to some cons.
you'd be pissed., and i'm not wrong for being pissed.
dennis miller deeply concerned about long-distance service
trump boys set up 'don and eric law place' in white house electrical room to help dad with legal problems
biden quietly singing pearl jam's 'even flow' during security briefing
man desperately trying to wring every last ounce of relaxation from final day of vacation
i told her that she is either not counting every correctly and quite drastically incorrect in fact, or that she is lying to herself and complaining at a lack of results.
everyone heard me say it and turned to look at me.
i usually try to change the subject but now that we're engaged shes become a lot more hostile to both me and my best friend.
aita for pouring out the drink on the floor?
so instead i try and emphasize how i feel and how i personally think what they did was rude or inconsiderate or whatever.
ozzy osbourne bites head off five-pound chocolate rabbit
he said all we did is make “burner” accounts to share our news.
mother can't believe 10-year-old has already outgrown mobility scooter
we're currently college seniors and we started dating only 4 months ago.
no one in women's shelter able to cook decent meal
if it was racially insensitive i wasn't aware and i'd like to apologize.
new 'war' enables mankind to resolve disagreements
a little bit of backstory, for the past week we have done nothing but argue, day in day out.
please stop saying that i did.
woman nervously reaches for cell phone as suspicious black man tells her today's soup is minestrone
aita for telling my friend in chem class to pay more attention?
chuck schumer honestly pretty amazed he hasn't caved yet
mexico has this really great relationship with japan and i've been reading that i might even get a job there.
and is it time to tell her now?
i would like to imagine that if i had more money i wouldn’t have felt this way.
context: i am a 6'0 male i workout a little.
world war ii documentary suffused with anti-nazi undertones
i posted stuff calling him out, and he got pissed.
ted danson tries to steer interview back toward becker
i wait a minute or two, and then let the lady know she cut into a line.
after a while, she slowly stopped talking to me, hanging out, or even playing games with me.
embattled rove seeks asylum in scarborough country
when we were two broke students in our 20s he gifted me an engagement ring.
friend who listened to podcast on watergate bursts into conversation with guns fucking blazing
but, this was only because i was really drunk and also i really regretted it and even told my girlfriend about it, who forgave me.
hush falls over prison population as madoff stabs cellmate in throat
i was wondering reddit’s opinion just out of curiosity.
saturday came and i went to club with friends like usual, completely forgetting that i made the date.
he and his then girlfriend nicole have made my life miserable until around the near end of 10th grade when the administration cracked down on bullying.
12% of federal government that's currently functioning to shut down
man's family rises to record-high fourth priority
she assures me that my thinking is outdated and antiquated and that boys these days don't care if girls are in the girl scouts.
unpaid internship a really great experience for local company
aita for calling ice on my neighbor?
but he's convinced that they must have sent him an email because they pulled his lsat and academic records.
&#x200b; after five months were up, we left the country and i never saw my aunt again.
thanks for reading: my wife told me 3 months ago that she had feelings for someone else, someone that she met through work.
it’s actually been a couple months since that and now everyone, and literally everyone, eve those “gals” i was talking about hate her.
i understand them marking me a little lower on the peer reviews for not contributing as much, but i feel like i didn’t have much opportunity to contribute unless i shirked other responsibilities and my overall grade took about a 6-7 point hit for it.
secret service agent learning a lot from malia's '18th century european history' seminar
thank you for keeping me in check.
area teen receives $2 from grandma
contexts in first paragraph for my car, story 2nd paragraph.
here's why i might be the a.
when i told her how some of the guys at the party she was not invited to thought she was bat shit crazy, she bit her lower lip in a masochistic way and wanted to know which one.
they can obviously be trimmed from his side.
those kids who i grew up with grew up to be so beautiful and sweet—and i am reminded of how bad i messed up each day.
epa promotes pulsating black sludge to deputy director
she doesn’t know what we’re doing.
study: majority of frontal lobe occupied by thoughts of sausage links
labelled to me sometimes, and sender being wal-mart.
during this conversation i told them i was only open to a friendship if sex was involved because i’m too sexually attracted to them to not try to have sex with them but i was not interested in a relationship.
man holding giant turkey leg never been more captivating in entire life
authorities swiftly announce 1,600 washington dairy cows found mutilated, arranged in pentagram killed by blizzard
dhs creates fenced-in enclosure for al-qaeda to safely carry out attacks
am i the asshole for suggesting we shouldn’t take my parents money if they can’t see our baby?
the employee stared back at me in disbelief and then walked back to tell the couple.
edit/ thank you for all advice and input guys, i really appreciate it all!
criminal mad that man called the cops on him
i don’t consider us together anymore but she thinks otherwise.
flight attendant quietly informs first class passengers where real emergency exits are
i did tell her i wasn't coming.
i'm thinking that maybe she thinks i'm mad at her.
single mom ready to get back out there during 30 minutes per week she's not working or watching daughter
shocking biblical study reveals methushael did not beget lamech
that’s 4 hours of commute for a 4 hour shift.
they tell me to turn mine down so they can hear their game better and that the tv was loud enough to give them a headache.
i’ve known for a very long time that she is part of the problem.
now, the end of the quarter is today (tuesday) and grades are due this friday.
after church ended, i told my family that i felt ditched by their actions.
&#x200b; edit (moved from comments to here): for more details, after an hour of trying to rationally talk to her it was obvious that she wasn't going to apologize anytime soon so i tried to ask her to leave since it was my own dorm room and i wasn't going to walk out.
we met twice, had sex a couple times during one of those trips, and i broke things off after around 7 months.
we agreed to an open relationship to be sure there was no weird feeling of lost opportunity due to our quick involvement.
i realize it’s ultimately her choice.
my (28) younger brother (20) has suffered with depression on and off (but mostly on) for around 4 years now.
if grades are closed already, then all my other grade discrepancies are too late to be resolved.
what's most confusing is that this happened out of random..
am i the asshole for not living up to those two bullet points?
nation's ever so malleable simpletons fluttering between candidates like shuttlecocks through every moment of debate
traveling is usually not too bad for me, because i'm like 5'0, 90lbs, despite being a 15 year old boy, so leg room is never an issue.
you can probably guess what i did: i bought a ticket for a day when he was busy and went to the musical by myself, and i didn't tell him about it.
&#x200b; edit thank you for the comments, i know i'm ta now.
i told her that he could do it to other people, yet she held firm in her decision.
however, when i play it in the middle of the day, at any volumes pretty much (except for approaching and at full blast which i don’t do), my only next door neighbors bang on the wall.
slowly, the effects of my last shot were fading away and i started to realize how full the club had become.
as 2018 winds down, there have been talks about why certain projects were bogged down.
disgusted robert mueller eats 2 20-piece chicken mcnugget meals in one sitting in attempt to get into trump's mind
she apologized profusely and told me she had taken ambien and that it makes people say crazy/aggressive things that they don't mean, but i feel like on some level she meant them and ambien just revealed how she really felt.
when it was time to leave o told her i’d drop her off at her house on my way home (i was tired because i had drinks at work before the date and she knew this).
while this was happening i sat him down and pressed him, after a little while it comes out he had taken five tabs and had lied to me about it.
man who downloaded $2.99 meditation app prepares to enter lotus plane of eternal serenity
in october, mike asked me out.
i'm civil and he's civil but it is very awkward.
it seems to me that john’s at fault here.
a few days later (which would be last night) we ended up talking about it, i told her i was a bit mad at her, and i was trying not to be.
federal troops seize neglected child in pre-dawn raid
republicans give in right before obamacare would have been repealed
sleeping airline passenger misses out on aisle-wide bacchanalia of peanuts, decaf coffee
gifts from aunt already under tree
long story short, we argue for a while and two of them bet me money that i couldn't prove my winrate as corrin.
since i am a senior at my university, i finish early.
aita for playing my electric guitar in the middle of the day?
one person was there i invited aswell cuz for my other friends and to have more than 3 people.
she says she wants to mount it on the wall and that’s pretty much the end of the conversation, i don’t really think too much about it.
man forced to reverse-engineer point in midst of meandering, absentminded rant
i feel that 3 years is enough time.
everyone sees him making a scene then he asks to go to a counselor he doesnt and we end up just talking to a teacher he resolves it and then we calm down and i pretend that i want to be his friend (im very good at pretending...) so now what happens is that just a few days ago he legitimately said that he doesnt want to be my friend for no reason, and im really happy.
that totally defeats the purpose of what i wanted to do.
i played on my phone during, i just didn't care.
so, my highschool sweet heart and i have been together for 5 long years.
so we are talking and she eventually gives the, "oh you poor baby, you shouldn't be alone tonight" speech.
so this guy on my street keeps chickens in his backyard.
mega-churchgoer hopes to appear devout on jumbotron
study: 84% of couples who walk around exploring new neighborhood never make it home
he didn't send the link at all and he ignored my 2 texts asking him to send it if he could.
a few days later, emma told me what had happened to her party.
struggling us airways introduces $100 million bomb fee
he is suing them for that too.
i have what she gave us.
bruce springsteen concert totally changes area man's mind about voting
i made it clear because that's the last thing i wanted us to fight about when we moved in together.
bugs infesting area apartment have no clear goal
so, things were tense after that.
she was doing something else idk).
child 'very sorry' for slapping teddy bear
i take tons of time color-coding, writing everything out with pencil then going back and writing over it, using calligraphy for headers, etc.
and why date lola for two whole entire years?
man burning in hell wishes he hadn't snickered at religious leaflet
he was hit by a drunk.
new partially digested doritos eliminate tedious chewing
and if she expects a large sum of money from me for the damages to trucks value, i would have to cancel this loan so i could borrow money to cover the truck.
if her friends agree, she might actually look at her actions and change them.
and the only way to change something is to stop trying to please every side and tell her no because i'm simply not interested in yet another friendship in which i'll be the backup shoulder to cry on.
**tl;dr:** had an abusive rs, parents knew how bad it was for me, found out that i planned to keep talking to her sparsely after i wanted to hurt myself, threatened my belongings and college education if i talked to her.
i was promoted to the dairy section within a few months of cashiering.
i offer her a lift home and she refuses.
would i be the asshole if i try and speed them up?
andrew w.k. adopts staunch party-advocacy position
the second most common is that members of the kkk call african-americans monkeys even today.
gross national product surpassed by grotesque national byproducts
it doesnt matter what we watch, and on bad days, she'll fall asleep at 9pm.
for the new year i decided to start waking up earlier and walking to work and i've started cooking breakfast to make sure the day gets started in the right way.
kerry downs another vodka shot as the last of putin's security detail passes out
aita for sitting on my neice?
eventually though, we all grew up and found our own path to god outside of our parents -- except for my brother.
that made sense but i was still hurt shed turn me down like that.
michael cohen insists he was just in wrong place at wrong time for last 20 years
cnn to get all information from in-house channel 'cnn-cnn'
senator chuck grassley hurting gop's chances with women at bars
met janitors hurrying to remove crucified katy perry from museum lobby
wibta if i said to the teacher that i am not going to this stress workshop as it is a waste of time and a bunch of bs?
i figured the part he was asking about was easy enough that he could figure it out in a few minutes with some thinking, so i just told him to figure it out.
am i allowed to he upset that he wants to be with her and we are married or am i well punished for reading the diary?
sculpture of stereotypical italian chef proof of pizzeria's high standard of excellence
it's common knowledge that she has strong feelings for me, but i'm more on the fence.
that baby inside of her is a human being, my first grandchild.
man runs into ex-wife while wearing sandwich board
another client hated all things "chemical" and insisted i cook using only the freshest of ingredients...
he could have pushed the dog away or just scared it off.
i do disagree with the people saying that i should have driven back to the people and made her apologize.
i never felt bad for this, which i guess is a potentially other am i the asshole.
i mostly already know where these women live and work, but i dont know "what" they do.
aita for asking my neighbor to not leave threatening letters on my porch?
so naturally my daughter hates me, and everybody thinks that i'm being an intolerant, unsupportive asshole.
&#x200b; **tl;dr incredibly generous friend decided to donate to charity rather than buying her siblings presents and suggests they do the same, is effectively branded an asshole**
james holmes elected new nra president
single fat kid takes 50 years off jungle gym's life
study finds people on dates know within 30 seconds if other person is newt gingrich
woman who started sentence with 'oh my god' really needs to stick landing
she took this to mean that she was just after their money and so she got very angry and we are only just recovering from the argument that followed now.
millions of people prince william would never deign to speak to captivated by royal wedding
george r.r. martin promises fans 'the winds of winter' is nearly started
desperate obama just wants to know who to give weapons to in order to stop isis
&#x200b; with all this being said, aita?
but i am angry because he hasn't even known this person for a month and he's trying to tell me that she's definitely not going to mess with my things?
pepperidge factory farm under fire for inhumane treatment of milanos
senator to try submitting rejected bill to canadian parliament
i've gone to his birthday parties for the past few years.
new college freshman refers to dorm by actual name
like, really, really, really love her.
and with the way things turned out, she now asks or declares if a food or liquid she is eating or drinking is healthy or not by saying “this makes you a genius , super strong and fast” or “this makes you fat and slow” for example water makes her a genius, soda makes her fat and slow.
oatmeal variety pack has only 'regular' flavor left
aita for confronting my girlfriend aita for confronting my girlfriend over soaked underwear?
my mother hasn’t worked in years (my dad supports the household on one income) and she’s currently watching my child while i’m at school.
i don't resent my so because they're very available emotionally and physically affectionate in small ways.
sometimes we slip up and say “she” when we’re in game and they immediately cut off the conversation and grunt “them.” repeatedly until we apologize and say “them” instead.
historical archives: the twenty top-most books in print at present
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: yes is , but until recently, i mean whatever happened we haven't influenced him - i don't know the other people and they don't have our tag.
report: shit, last night was trash night
i step between the kids and her and say "no they aren't you can go to dinner on your own if you need space, i can feed the kids here at home." she moves for them and i say over my dead body.
word 'immunity' used outside of reality show for first time in five years
aita for standing up at a football game?
man who drinks 5 diet cokes per day hoping doctors working on cure for whatever he's getting
i also made no secret of that i was still gonna be hanging out with basically everyone else i know, and that i'd be going to the same places me and her usually go to.
2018 winter olympics cancelled due to inclement weather
i think that’s reasonable enough to be concerned and contact housing as i had.
also i'm just angry at her for giving birth to my mom.
i'm currently working as a police officer and while my probationary period is still in effect (so i ride with others) i'm hoping to try and share christian justice with the streets of my hometown (topeka).
after my moving, i found miranda sleeping in my bed multiple times after coming back to the room to get some of my things.
on monday i woke up at 5:30 am and noticed my phone was not charging.
now of course i was, and still am young, but in my romantic pursuits up to this point i’d always been uncomfortable with the concept of monogamy.
i gave credit where it was due and told my followers to check said person out for commissions.
last week there was a problem with how some of our items were entered into the system...saying that i must have entered information in the 2nd page first.
i just keep on thinking that my former boyfriend is the one i should be with.
you don’t have to like that i said that, but by literal definition, i did not threaten her.
here it is 30 to 40 degrees f at night.
i told them i was going to be wearing something nice and that i of course wouldn’t show up in sweatpants or something.
in that moment she thinks i only like her for her body.
complete idiot forgot to shave area between mouth and nose
burger king franchise owner adds sad little personal touches to restaurant
it's "henry." i know something is up and my brain immediately goes to cheating.
when i talked to kaylee about it she accused me of being a shitty friend and that she'd never do something like that to any of the people she cared about.
aita for wanting natural disasters to happen to my town?
while he was backing off, i was starting to pull ahead of the car that was blocking the middle-lane and \*probably\* could've safely cut over in front of them but i didn't.
b didn't try in school and dropped a few years.
jamie dimon cites relentless desire to watch a person die up close as inspiration for starting healthcare company
she's outgoing, popular, and let's face it, much more attractive than he is.
new software yellows neglected digital photos over time
she just blocked me without letting me respond or have a say and all she said was that she tried but she just "can't" and that i was bad for her mental health and called me manipulative and claimed i "flipped" the situation.
i say “watsup guys” and he says aggressively “jesus you almost smacked me in the face!” and i was still running cause i was in a rush and yelled back defensively” i didnt see you dude!” and he said something back that i did not understand.
am i in the wrong for feeling this way?
i was still out of it because i had just woken up and she asked me how i could be so rude and fall asleep.
so he was mad, and i said flippantly, whats the big deal.
my program only had about 35 or so people, so almost everyone was on a first name basis with each other and we were a fairly tight knit group.
&#x200b; &#x200b; some people had questions, so just in case you're still interested here are some answers: &#x200b; was it a co-ed trip?
cops bust filthy, unshaven mark zuckerberg for selling personal data on street corner
i hope my ramblings were at least enjoyable to read.
senate committee links child poverty to lack of child jobs
i got angry and punched him in the shoulder.
a on the other hand was free as hell, and messaged me every.
'bad to the bone' to be used in film
all that being said, i appreciate everyone's input and it seems like most of the comments seem to be a mix of esh and nta.
i've had a fwb thing with her for almost 2 years now.
thursday cry moved up to wednesday due to scheduling conflict
flash forward a few days: things are great.
universe honors david bowie with emotional starlight vigil
now we're divorced but my ex is living it up with his new wife (the woman he slept with) and basically only see our 2 kids twice a year.
fast-forward a few weeks and, surprise-surprise, the guy tells her that he’s staying with his gf and so they break things off.
aita for calling a baby ugly?
this issue had become so problematic that a few students have said they wouldn’t walk on graduation because of the clothing.
she was south american and very conventionally attractive.
she couldn't figure out how to start a friendship on her own, so other people always had to be the ones who started it by talking to her.
so around a month ago, my friend started dating this guy.
jeopardy! viewer had no idea he knew so much about weasels
i realized that seeking multiple sexual partners with 0 emotional attachment was detrimental for me and began getting my shit together.
today we went to see a 3 bedroom apartment for us to move into (since my mom doesn't mind sleeping in the living room), and this is the 5th apartment she and my grandmother went to, but the first one they invited me and my brother to come with and see.
woman mentions participation in cancer walk to cancer patient
i would have let this be; however he only addressed it at our team.
i was straight forward and told him i was going to the game with our mutual friend (one who's opinion i asked), his girlfriend, and kendra.
my husband and i have had an in depth conversation about our finances, our plans and hopes for the future, and our expectations and emotions around money.
i knocked on angela's door and when she heard it was me she gave me this very seductive but probably joking "commmme in...." and said i could use the bathroom.
my question is if i am the asshole for reserving a dinner i cannot afford (unknowingly) and putting everyone in an uncomfortable position?
man finally able to forgive self for terrible mistake he made 2 seconds ago
and she says you don’t like it?
i told her the truth and said i would rather watch the game than go to dinner with her.
what i consider a mental poison is music, tv, movies, news, pop culture any mainstream media.
by this point i'm irritated enough to start a conflict so i duck through the row and loud whisper to the dad something along the lines of 'get your fucking brat kid out of here or i'll find someone else to kick you out' (ok so maybe yelling wasn't the right word to use).
my sister, cousin, ex and myself.
man solemnly realizes there always going to be other apartment hunters out there smarter, faster, more cunning
coffee shop customer asks if guy at next table would mind watching while he goes to bathroom
and there you go grabbing my shit before i went to sleep and maybe even before that.
again - this is a wooded area, in part of his yard he can't even get to without a bridge.
wibta if i insisted on my mom not being present for the euthanasia of pur dog?
one of my friends in the class, we'll call her kashifa, was also kind of poking her head out too.
the other day, he left his laptop at my house because he had to run to town for a minute.
yeti releases abdominable crunch workout video
aita: i purposely one upped my broke brother with gifts for his kids his ex wife left him homeless and everyone is staying with me because she no longer has custody.
i don't want to be a father.
i take us home instead, because fuck that i'm not going to drive back to something that we basically passed on the way home, and he gets angry while saying he's going to taco bell.
we were both very excited for the festival and had been casually drinking in the hours leading up to it.
trump relieved to learn both teams in stanley cup finals overwhelmingly white
wibta if i said i don’t want my brother to see an r rated movie?
i was talking with my coworker (f- second generation indian immigrant) about her upcoming vegas vacation and the conversation turned to spontaneously eloping.
&#x200b; worst case scenario: the two dogs hate each other.
commenting specifically on my boyfriend she mentioned “it has been several weeks now, and i still do not know who this person is or why he is there.” she continued about an incident we had last weekend.
&#x200b; this happened yesterday and she is still upset about it and does not want to continue our regular conversations through text, because i am at work during the weekdays and visit her during the weekends.
and after this, started the deception and lies, she would lie to me.
smithsonian institution politely declines sofa from charles in charge
consumers now required to seek treasury department approval on all purchases over $50
my husband grew up a picky eater.
specifics of hostile takeover fiercely boring
eleven-year-old used as human shield in dodgeball game
nude, ash-streaked dick vitale proclaims this what march madness all about
new dating site matches users with partners they deserve
he also said that id be lucky if the wife kept her mouth shut and her husband didn't have me killed.
or have a drink if one of us is feeling down.
background: my mom is in fact morbidly obese (bmi +40), she's in her mid sixties and had pneumonia a few weeks ago, which she found very hard to recover from.
trump supporter still planning on rioting at national convention anyway
get so tired of seeing all these posts and memes about not being able to buy a house, crippling debt etc.
quiet guy mistaken for nice guy
tl;dr: was truthful with a friend and felt bad about it afterwards
report: papa will be so very cross you've lost grandfather's hunting cap
parents of obama volunteer couldn't be more proud, sick of son
grandmother doesn't care for new priest
projects, exams, time, i’ve got a lot to manage.
am i the asshole for lying so she would leave me alone without any discussion, so i could focus on another girl i like, work and because she's starting to annoy me, and i don't want to speak to her anymore?
national essay writing contest now accepting video submissions
&#x200b; quick résumé: a girl that had rejected me accepted to hear me complain about how much i sufferred of our relation, but lied to me in order to handle more that she could.
owner by far creepiest man in bar
i feel like this is almost as bad as proposing at someone else's wedding.
historic senator robert byrd imploded in controlled demolition
report: turkey sandwiches an excellent source of turkey sandwiches
study finds not acting like total fucking moron most attractive quality in potential mate
report finds poor often hit hardest by 18-wheelers
aita for not contributing to house chores?
i told her she was being selfish and she was only pushing me farther away.
mortified tampax ceo bursts into tears and runs out of boardroom after tampon falls out of briefcase
i'm a borderline part-timer(few more hours and i would be full time, but not exactly related) at a place in the food court in a dead mall.
r.l. stine admits every book he's written directly dictated to him by god
library of congress completes destruction of 70 million works deemed culturally insignificant
and his lecture is at 8:30am, so considering that i won't be getting much sleep, i told him that it's very likely i will end up sleeping through the timeslot.
i ended up telling her she doesn't know what love is, and that all the problems that are going on in her life are her fault.
essentially i am mildly allergic to certain raw fruits, vegetables and nuts.
this is a real-life event being posed here from the cheater’s perspective so we may both reach an understanding about the situation through unbiased opinions from people with no self-interest in the situation.
man discovers huge cache of rare fossils while walking through natural history museum
she feels that i don't respect our relationship and i don't put enough effort to making our family.
he just doesn't really give a shit until recently.
i make close to 0 amounts of garbage and when i do i put it in the garbage can that’s in my room, and take it out when it’s full.
'that's it? what the heck was that?' says dad in scorched-earth review of movie you suggested family watch together
he would also get upset when i would read his messages and not reply.
open mic host asks audience to keep pathetic smattering of applause going for next performer
i was driving behind a subaru to a four way stop sign.
now, i have nothing wrong with girls who sleep around.
disclaimer, the guy i’ve been bringing home knows my ex exists and knows he stays at my place but i don’t tell my ex anything.
am i the assholes for wanting to have my ex off the same phone plan as me??
she has argued that this is her passion and likens her work to that of a police officer or firefighter; she accepts the risks of the job because she can save lives with her research.
i simply decided to ignore them given that my sexual life at that time was really active (married, sex only with wife) and my drinking habits were also heavy, so i thought that the reason for the twinges were either an infection or something that i decided to threat on my own taking some pills i found on my medication drawer.
(have to validate cell phone accounts at work through a scan-able id.
she told me that the first time they had sex was in my bed, but not to worry because they did it on top of my covers.
anyways, let me know what you think!
she flipped out on me, told me she didn't care and i wasn't welcome, said she had fought for me (???), accused me of saying stuff behind her back (???), and said she was done.
it got kind of awkward after that but it was fine.
i have "owned" a married couple for seven months.
he apologised the next day however it happened again 2 days later.
i struggled during the week to clean up after them, on top of laundry, dishes, pick ups and drop offs, extra curriculars, and spending time with my kids on top of that.
and since i was not creeping she had no standing yelling or getting mad.
one night i asked her early on who she is texting with.
after that she talks about how nothing is really sanitary unless it goes through a wash and asks me to pay for her car wash.
edit 3: i’m getting the impression my fellow redditors think i’ve actually said this out loud to my wife, hell no!!
i come from uk, him from ireland, and sometimes when i say something relatively serious he'll respond with a joke, which are usually funny but also often exhausting when i just want to have a conversation.
mind you i have to pull out while i wear a condom that is coated in spermicide.
with two other roommates not including the homeowner.
now my brother is really angry because this doesnt fit his pacifist believes.
cnn's hollywood minute announces special two-minute season premiere
he told us he is not sure when he will be able to go back because he's also planning to get a job there to support his studies and eventually build a life (we are not demanding anything of him, especially just to visit us).
he said that i have one job and i do it poorly while he’s busting his ass supporting all of us while paying off my debts.
ronald mcdonald statue bears full brunt of teenagers' mockery
rommel, hummel dominate parents' christmas list
the other night he confessed that he was a lot more emotionally invested than he thought he was and had been ignoring his friends to hangout with me.
or who make a perfect horizontal line in front of me with the other cars and make graceful passes impossible.
secret agent's back's always been a bit hinky ever since he burst through that skylight and landed in fountain
i've tried to talk to my girlfriend about the issue and she just turns stone fucking cold.
i feel like she’ll ruin the trip if she comes.
jeff does not seek other people for help and believes other people to not understand him.
nation's aunts announce their 2018 thanksgiving boyfriend roster
so i tried to explain my thoughts on why i did what i did.
he has stood on the edge of a bridge and thought about jumping, but eventually called the cops for help.
so i got up after he left the area and fixed another plate.
(technically the rule is that "students can study with out unreasonable noise - even during non quiet hours") obviously i turn it down, frustrated.
hanes, fruit of the loom locked in bitter struggle no one else aware of
should i go to a different further starbucks?
i have a philosophy that one should put x% of effort into their job, where x% is the ratio of how much they're paid to how much they're worth.
the conversation can basically be summed up as him thinking that it’s fucked up that some people are admin and others aren’t in a group chat meant for friends.
this was when i invited her to a friend's party and boy did she get dead drunk.
this might just be me but it makes me pretty upset.
box of old playboys found, good ones too
i'd understand if she didn't have feelings for me and outright rejected me.
4.) you went against them and slept in the same room as their daughter.
i continuously have to remind him of things and repeat myself whenever he does something i’ve specifically stated i don’t want to have happening in my house.
my dog does bark when people are passing or when someone is at the door but we have never had complaints about constant barking and the time frames he's giving just don't allow for the barking he says is happening as i've been there.
my fiance got engaged two years ago, and we've been together for eight.
female boss walking around like she owns the place
we have always been quite wealthy.
i didn't say anything i just ended it early and said i wanted to sleep.
so our relationship would become long distance from now on.
ive been following her to work and to her home (not inside her home just to the door), taking pictures of her from my car or discreetly in the store she works at (shes a cashier so shes stationery for long periods of time).
things were complicated when his mother passed away in october, although they were not close and he hadn't seen her in over a decade.
he yelled for about 30 seconds and left.
grizzled proofreader has seen it written both ways
because he doesn't like his bus, my friend usually asks for rides before i met her, and i usually drove him.
she normally will do this her self but this time they were ordering that i give the thank you because i was a teenager and could do things on my own and it would be more sincere and meaningful coming from the source.
pony anxiously waiting for attendant to flag large child as too big for ride
he said that if i did win, he would expect me to give him a couple million dollars just for driving me to the store.
she says she can't that day (tuesday) but she can on thursday.
my mom owns a nail shop and my dad works as a full time employee at a grocery store.
i didn't go in there to peep nor did i have any plan of staying there, yet everyone who saw was utterly shocked.
war talks begin at camp goliath
his parents were incredibly problematic and were racist to me intentionally or not.
aita for telling my brother's gf she's not family and hating her?
congress not sure what it did to make trump think it wouldn't roll over for whatever he wants in syria
man starting to think only reason people hanging out with him because they all on same jury
later on we had a group project that we worked on at my house.
i never wanted this girl at my home but slim talked me into it one night.
man needs emotional support only a woman can feign
my dog max is very chill.
my friend had called my roommates to pick me up, but since none of them were able to, a cab was booked which we ultimately didn't use.
whenever i mention this she gets upset that i want her to stop drawing and pay attention, i would rather just not read if that's what she is doing.
masked vigilante takes terrorizing black community into own hands after local law enforcement fails to do so
i had brought home dinner so i started setting that up so she could eat when she finished.
she even slept over one time on this guys house.
my father is asking me to travel across the country, take off work, and pause my life to attend the funeral.
last night i was at my cousin’s wedding where my dad brought a box of cigars with around 30 cigars and left them outside for all the guys to take.
broncos, jaguars helmets sustain severe damage in monday night football helmet collision
enormous man spends another day indoors
(may he rest in peace.) the moment my girlfriend heard, she broke down--crying in a way that i have never seen her cry.
the only thing they currently pay for on the truck is my insurance (the truck is paid off).
she inherited all of my fathers strong masculine traits, and most of my step-mother's bad traits.
why didn't he pass on the right instead of the median?
aita for telling my gf we need to sleep in the same bed if we move in together?
so basically i was getting my full license after my provisional.
the problem arises when she brought up the fact that i was very immature when it came to a lot f things.
bartender refuses to acknowledge patron's regular status
i called everyone i knew but no one was on campus or close by that could get the dog, i couldn't take it home, it was a small town that didn't have a local animal shelter.
yeah, we know that your former boss fired you because business was not good enough and he had to make a choice!
monster at end of book claims life of tv's grover
aita told someone i had autism so he wouldn't talk to me.
i generally get along with my friend but he is somewhat arrogant, and that grates me.
local teen walks in on family masturbating
being near them makes me feel unbelievably gender dysphoric and all i want is a fresh start in a new place where i can start my real life anew.
man just knows hillary clinton going to have opinion on not dying in explosion
earlier my girlfriend kinda exploded on me saying i'm an asshole for trying to make everyone disown her.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: my actions are pretty shitty right...
this was after years of me saying i did not want children but over time, especially after watching the kids at the studio grow up, i decided i was ready.
i have a gnawing sensation that i fd up when doing it and simply got a feeling of guilt.
area dad off to bad start with waitress
the party has 6 people in it so inevitably there’s some side conversations going on throughout the game and river has said, on many occasions, that “side conversations are to be left outside so that my spotlight as dm shouldn’t be taken away.” she also gets upset when we miss little details of the story because she talks super fast.
the reason why this comment pissed me off so much is cause of how inconsiderate it feels.
however, my so without hesitation said, 'yeah, that works.' we kind of figured out how they would get home, and then right before i left, when i was saying goodbye to my so privately, so was like, 'what the heck?
i went over and asked her if she could go help me get more drinks from the supermarket, and she used the excuse to hurry out of there.
aita for even starting the relationship in the first place?
these posts were all things that weren't true and they were things that i would never do.
area man released after being wrongfully employed for 9 years
i offered to name the conference room after her first name (a very common american name), but that just made her even more mad because she thinks i only care about her name sounding american.
man scolded by brother-in-law for not taking better advantage of open bar
aita for stealing money from my father in laws wallet?
oxiclean unveils new stain-removing fabric scissors
i'm not the only one who comes, he has friends that share his interests a lot more than i do.
so after class i went to the bathroom to take a piss and there were some guys in there i knew so i made sure to wash my hands this time.
craftsman confirms new hammer backwards-compatible with previous generation of nails
her major complaint with me was that she called in when i was talking to him and i let it ring and then texted her that i was talking to my friend (which she knows pretty well.
i said that was unhelpful, and the captain just responded we.
second, if i had remembered or realized at the time, i would have cleaned it up so she wouldn't notice and get pissed later.
almost all the time in the one putting in the effort to talk to them, and hangout with them.
there was also an incident where he asked me to demonstrate for him how things happened, because he didn’t believe me when i said i didn’t enjoy these encounters, because i had dirty texts with these people beforehand to ensure it happened.
&#x200b; so long story short, a few nights ago, this friend (who now works as a tech consultant) had to go visit a client who's office was really close to my place.
aita for getting upset at this game of monopoly?
report: thinking about way you look all the time burns 5,000 calories an hour
i lied to get her off my back, since just saying "piss off, leave me alone" would be pretty rude, even if that was basically my whole point.
i went with her the following day for the bridal shower, which was just a meal at a restaurant with ex, ex's grandmother, and an aunt of ex's i had never heard of before.
she’s very controlling, and somewhat verbally abusive toward a.
i do chores, and get allowance for it.
a agrees that it’s disgusting, but he also says it doesn’t matter.
at the end of the night she was pretty wasted, and still pretty proud of herself.
aita for not deleting ex's nude pictures i had sexy pictures from ex's years ago in my porn folder on my computer and it came out in a conversation with my current girlfriend.
'the recovery is here,' reports underemployed man making $20,000 less than he used to
how fuck do you think i solve my own problems?
so i placed an on-line order at chipotle today.
the girl said that she would talk to her best friend on the weekend about it.
new uber update allows users to file lawsuit against company directly in app
i'm going again in january because he's being sworn in as the mayor of our home town, and he'd like me to be there.
called my girlfriend stupid for getting sky, it costs £27 a month (no idea if its more after the first month as she did it without me knowing).
most of them are relatively nice but as is with any large population there will be some outliers.
&#x200b; important: even if it doesn't seem like it in the story, i'm recognized to always say the truth, even when it's not in my favor.
i told her i'd be willing to buy a pull-out sofa for the living room where i could sleep on nights where getting a good night's rest was really important for her.
cnn accused of ignoring certain issues on anderson cooper 340°
should i work on how i respond rather than focusing on what he’s doing?
trump administration urges saudis to stick to killing random yemeni civilians
aita for not wanting to go halfsies on a wall mount with my girlfriend i have been in a relationship with my girlfriend for a little over 2 years and we moved in together about a year and a half ago and have lived in two different apartments.
[son] has trouble opening up and appearing vulnerable.
i have started talking to b and believe there may be some romantic possibilities for us, however i am aware that this would be detrimental for my friend a who was abused and who i still care about a lot and who has a great deal of trust in me.
my fiancée confronts me all upset.
my girlfriend truly doesn't care and all she sees is that she got away with it.
plows working around clock to keep new hampshire roads clear of campaign signs
the artist is not happy but obviously i’m not either, i didn’t get what i wanted.
we then told her how we felt about that situation in the hallway.
aita for accidentally making my daughter believe her uncle's brightly colored vegan cake was play-doh and causing the entire family to do arts and crafts with it instead of eating it?
i’m so shy and timid and they probably see me as an asshole.
so here's the debate, was papa the asshole for killing those dogs .nobody is sure exactly what happened but my mom said she remembers grabbing one of the bulldog's signature floppy jowls and lifting it up to look at his teeth like she had done a million times before and had never had an issue.
my wife had an even worse experience.
mother constantly worried about son stationed on u.s. military base
also, we're both 19 and will be 20 in the summer, if that's pertinent.
sole bar of soap makes circuit from sink to shower
clinton assures tim kaine she'll continue serving as president in event of her death
**walmart bot** hello, welcome to walmart.com help center!
now, the internet will tell me that "privacy is important and the fact that you stayed with him after all of this means that you trust him and that you have no right to look in his phone because you already decided to trust him", but like...i still think i have the right to see what he's doing.
possibly also relevant - knowing i’m not wiping, i touch the machine (usually a treadmill or stairclimber)as little as possible.
pneumonia virus terrified after remembering what clintons capable of
this coupled with lack of sleep because of my job and a bunch of other stressors has left me on edge for two days.
desperate hillary to obama: 'next vote wins'
aita for expecting him to watch her and accept her as his own so early on and while we're both pretty busy in our lives?
i am not sure if she will cheat on him, however i would not be surprised.
mark zuckerberg: 'you should be grateful all your incessant oversharing online is actually worth something'
she then said that we can move to the next level tomorrow, instead of in a month.
i get men will never outgrow video games, but that’s literally the only thing on his list aside from “manga.” maybe i just don’t understand?
report: keep reading and nobody gets hurt
i don't think i am an asshole or some douchebag.
and has these episodes of depression about it.
david allan coe waiting outside to kick your ass
m and i also agreed that it appears b has noise sensitivity (not uncommon with asd) i was firm but kind and felt like m listened to my concerns.
vatican declares hours between 3 a.m., 5:30 a.m. 'ungodly'
afterwards i got dragged into the 5 vs 1 chat again and told to fix my "attitude".
many neighbors are talking about some kind of memorial at the neighborhood park.
my main reddit account is linked to my rl so im using a throwaway.
my first dog, it clicked instantly.
i admit i did it out of anger, but i do believe it was justified punishment.
inspirational disabled horse crosses preakness finish line after 11 hours
seemed like a codependent relationship to me.
concerned nra official rushes out to purchase congressman following mass shooting
my husband has never even bought *me* a pair of diamond earrings but he purchased a pair to take back to her so am a little frustrated to say the least.
professor sees parallels between things, other things
this happened twice, actually, with slightly different scenarios; i'm the common denominator in both these somewhat unfavorable situations, so i'm concerned about this.
schnauzers rioting outside madison square garden following westminster dog show defeat
it has recently come up a few times and want to get judgement from y'all.
&#x200b; we arrived at his family home around 9am and did presents and all of that.
woman who admits to having watched golden globes thinks jodie foster embarrassed herself
house democrats forced to move all their things back into disgusting minority locker room
the second round was no better, the country music one came up.
woman toys with idea of getting sister something nice they can do together as gift before settling on candle
&#x200b; i then messaged her when i was home if she wanted to go even after what she told me at school.
report: nation secretly hoping dads die first
new hampshire primary excites tiny percentage of population who even cares what happens anymore
if she would call me personal saying it like "hey i know stuff still shit but this is an emergenzie and we can talk afterwards" than i would drive her even if i think its not urgent but thats not my buisness.
*disclaimer*: i'm using usd here instead of my own currency for the sake of simplicity, so if you think that some of the values are off, this is why.
people-watcher catches glimpse of rare north american black doofus
christie's auctioneer throws in sketch of a horse he did to see if anyone bites
afghanistan war veteran solemnly recalls seeing entire platoon killed by undiagnosed ptsd
the hospital is 45 mins from my house, and my friend lives close to the hospital.
my problem is that a teacher should never share let alone push his political opinion onto impressionable students, especially an opinion as dangerous as this.
later in the day, i tell some other people what's happened and apparently i shouldn't have done that because she has "problems at home".
and even tho i dont wear makeup i got some lipstick in my santa stocking one year.
she started to cry, i insisted, she ran to bathroom and i followed and insisted.
i’m literally quietly sitting there eating these pretzels out of my pocket and this old lady taps me on the shoulder asks “are you eating?” me: “yes” her: “well you should stop.” me: “is it bothering you?” her: “no, but those are the rules” so i turn around and continue.
i wanted to post on the instagram account in question, when b said she lost the password.
i even dug up his old games to show that his read accuracy was lower than random guesses, and encouraged other players to "inverse" him.
department of interior sets aside 50,000 acres as national wildfire refuge
about 9 months into our relationship, i asked him to move in with me, and he agreed.
i'm sick of the cat pee smell, i'm sick of the nasty chemicals that are needed to clean up the cat pee smell.
i tried to meditate when i got home to calm down but all my brain could think was "go tell this guy that he is messing with the wrong husband and he better back the fuck off".
cashier learning valuable but illegal job skills
while it did make me a bit egotistic, it sprouted an idea in the back of my head of playing games for a living.
i am saddened by his actions, but i would like to know if what he did was the right thing, to destroy my things, and if in here that i am the asshole and i should change since i brought it on myself, or he is
ferguson pool supply store overestimating how badly looters want chlorine tablets
while i do admit that i was trying to get as much compensation as i could out of this, you never get what you don’t ask for, and i was legitimately bothered by my wife and i’s experience.
she is on the heavier side, which i never really noticed much or paid attention to before since she was always covered up and we weren't really doing anything.
doctor just uses same ultrasound picture for every baby
i almost got into a fight with the dad "you know, if i wasn't in front of my kids right now.
it made me reflect on my attitude quite a bit.
hillary clinton drags taliban leader's body through streets of kabul
am i the asshole for pulling this prank?
man under mistaken impression he his own harshest critic
i even recommended to get the kid tested for some illness or something that was refused so then i explained that she would benefit from just planning to get a ged and going to trade school.
the closest to a strict dress code i've gotten is "black tie," which i happily adhered to.
two weeks ago i was visiting my cousin in philly and we went out to a real waterhole.
but the whole incident gives me weird vibes — from the way she was acting she definitely made it seem like we were dating.
long story short, i used to be the kind of man the incels would call a "chad".
my work hired a new guy and he's transgender and like not even 2 hours after finally going to work he gave a presentation about his pronouns how we should all use them.
well they didn't find any so they made me blow.
i kinda recoiled and the girl seemed to realize what happened but wasn't really mentally mature enough to respond in an empathetic way.
we were kind of a lowkey unofficial “thing” and we also had sex twice.
i usually take my daughter to school in the truck, and he usually walks his boys because their school is close (a block away).
he thinks they destroy your mind and make you unable to think and dumb you down.
the last time she got really mad at me, like really really mad.
the one problem is that me and my partner have become just best friends that have kids together, anything resembling attraction has been gone for a long time for whatever reason.
okay, so a little backstory first.
for a bit of background, i'm 25m and work in it, my girlfriend of 2 years is 24f and works at a museum.
man taking phone out of case for first time in years struck by forgotten beauty
that's not the point of my post.
i've told him i don't want to ruin our friendship, and i worry if we continue the way we are, i'd be at risk of going behind his back to seek out a sexual partner, but he just tells me that if we broke up he doesn't imagine he'd be able to be near me without feeling immense pain.
i know this seems bad, but hear me out i’ve been friends with this girl i know from school for about 4 years now, she’s the one who started talking to me, she’s basically the one who created this friendship.
i’m not sure what to do.
if you go in from the street side you have to drive around the back of the mcdonalds to get to the drive thru line.
woman who claims book changed her life has not changed
but she earns maybe $550 a week doing part time cafe work and welfare checks combined.
&nbsp;&nbsp; her friend says "i'm going to say to tim that she's going to sleep at my place.
if you wish to discuss further then do so via email.
i flew into a rage, poured my tea out and yelled at my friend for doing that to me.
anyway, things went great, and i thought i had a the moment to confess my feelings...
(the asian kid decided to tell everyone at my table i made those jokes, so that’s how joseph knew.) i wasn’t even intending to oppress or make fun of him because of his skin color, it was a joke.
i blew her off at this point!
cory booker expelled from senate, stripped naked, forced to wander maryland bog in woe for all eternity
let's not forget that you have at least one adult child who lives in poverty as the result of undiagnosed mental illness.
she asked me to not show him if he asked.
late in november, emma sent a message to our group chat asking if it would be okay for her to host a christmas party at our apartment in early december.
data technician by day a data technician by night
horrible pack of theme-restaurant waitresses alerted of patron's birthday
i tried to cheer him up and told him that his life is totally meaningless and he shouldn't be upset about something and silly as a test.
case 1: i had a friend, jeff, who appears to be depressed *as far as i can tell*, although jeff has never really been to a mental health clinic to have it diagnosed.
rapist gets new start at technical college
total hunk sitting over by plant
so after this novel of a story i guess my question is, aita for cutting off my friend and brother?
woman assures you she's not mad
and she accused me of guilting her instead of just admitting i am wrong.
and there were mounds of other people's wet clothes all around the room...
thus far, this has been largely confined to the house.
report: human bones found on remote pacific island most likely remains of those eaten by amelia earhart
the reason by the way that i don’t just say “you idiot” or “you dumbass” is a mixture of reasons.
i thought we were done a month or so later i messaged her and we hooked up again.
i said ''i'm sorry for expressing my opinion'' and i was given detention again for not giving a real apology.
i basically acted like a clingy baby after the break up and have felt terrible about how i acted for a long time now.
i noticed he has this habit of not messaging me right away even though he has this stipulation, so i talked to him about it and he said he will do it.
chases after her like a dog still thinking he can make things up, but he's in the "doghouse", as they say.
other times i'll be in the bathroom taking a shower or just taking a dump, and one of the dogs would start asking to go out, badly, and instead if doing it himself, he'll yell at me to hurry up, even if i just got in there.
i stuck it in my pocket.
i remember, i went outside and saw their young kids (at least 5 or 6) were crying.
'as you can see, they are quite harmless,' says uber representative guiding detective through warehouse of sleeping autonomous cars
this happened about a week ago and i'm currently dealing with the repercussions of it.
hippocratic oath updated to include vow of loyalty to blue cross blue shield
mike pence asks waiter to remove mrs. butterworth from table until wife arrives
miss america pageant adds sweatpants and messy bun competition
aita for pissing off my coworker with water bottles and other antics to the point of him writing me an explicit note?
chess grandmaster tired of people comparing every life situation to chess match
ohio state begins scouting for next scandal
god names rightful owner of west bank
woman under impression she being discreet about fishing stray hair out of bra
i look up and both obese nurses are looking at me angrily.
she's repeatedly bossed me around and told me that i should sleep early or eat better because it will help me.
i don't even invite friends over any more because the smell in my house is so offensive.
study: majority of humans happiest when rest of family still asleep
republicans outraged by inaccuracies in metallica documentary
obama resigns from presidency after michelle lands dream job in seattle
budget cheat day lets government splurge on anything it wants once a week
i'll start this off by saying i take shrooms very seriously, and all my friends know i do.
i want to be a good friend and do him a favor out of good will, and trust me i would do it any other time, but this just happens to be incredibly busy for me and i don't have the time.
rachael ray snaps chicken's neck live on air
she also says i may have broken up a family.
hammered office depot manager thrown out of chili's
obviously i worded it differently, i just said that her butt doesn’t look how it used to and that i’d like it to be bigger.
i’m grateful it didn’t suffer too long but of course i’m hysterical.
at this point i’m late, hurting and angry, so i push him over.
i will always have a small seed of doubt, because of his infidelity & dishonesty, but he has always done well to ensure that the seed was never watered.
it makes me super embarrassed and angry because i have an excitement for school because i miss working my brain.
i was there for weekend and summer groups, i was basically a slave for the group leaders and did whatever they needed such as setting up bonfires on the beach, moving the heaviest fucking mattresses in the world, unlock doors, or random stupid shit that you would never believe somebody would request.
it's the hardest, yet most rewarding job in the world.
this ensues for a month while i say passive aggressive stuff while she gets angry at me.
ai scientists theorize existence of numbers greater than 1
he writes how this has been going on for months but he never said anything about it, showed no expression at all, frankly he barely talked to me.
"she already blocked you, why are you still texting her", which is not true, she never blocked me, that's why i was still able to text her.
i now get the fuck out of the way when someone tailgates.
aita for trying to fix my bike alright so here is the back story, i always ride my bike to school and it's a nearly 24km ride there so i don't pay full attention the whole ride, because it snowed that day the roads were kind of slippery.
knife condemned to week inside saran-wrapped brownie pan
he laughed it off, said no big deal and i thought that was that.
am i the asshole for this?
trump called up for vietnam service after last of draft deferments expires
crestfallen 'game of thrones' fans starting to realize series never going to show dragons fucking
she then said “i would love for you to be part of my wedding and play while i walk down the aisle”.
hero coworker contributes single tissue to water spill cleanup efforts at next desk
woman mad boyfriend not jealous she danced with other guy
fast forward to start of this year , she has a "boyfriend".
so basically, aita for “stringing along” willing men even if i heavily imply that we’ll never be more than friends?
i just can't get over it.
neighbors' wi-fi password must be something good
while i've grown up on a farm around animals and know that running full speed at any large unfamiliar animal is unsafe and an incredibly bad idea, i recognize that others may not realize that.
but can you blame me for nor believing her about this on april's fools?
not meaning to be rude but i think they took it the wrong way and just need to have thicker skin.
i preach telling people we should kill all of the kids with cancer and old people to save money on health insurance, i preach saying that when people wanted equal rights for slaves that means the whites should have been enslaved, when women wanted equal rights that means men can no longer vote.
is this the way you are going to talk to me?”.
new gun law would require james holmes to undergo strict background check before purchasing firearms
why do the rights of owners get superceded by a renter’s daughters mental heath professional?
so i call the police on the degenerate and our parents to come immediately.
report: only 893,000 news stories to go until 2016 election over
it is just not something we do here, and i understand this may be frustrating to some of you to read.
well, now he bought it and i hate it!
if i get rejected or worse i usually end up blocking the girl/woman in question, and move on.
this has happened a year and a half ago only last time i initiated the separation, this time he did.
now she is telling me that our friendship is broken.
should i do without the app or pay for it?
anyway, long story short, once my hour was up, i quietly dismissed myself and she started screaming and crying at me not to leave.
which i had to say "thanks, because i didn't even bring shoes, let alone my phone".
i don’t want to be fwb forever, eventually i’d like to earn the title of gf.
christianity celebrates one billionth unanswered prayer
engineering is a super competitive field that is difficult to work in without the proper knowledge and education.
how did that comment boil into this?
he: i'm extremely hesitant to but i would like to speak one day with you.
man always insists you toss him keys rather than just hand them to him
i thought nothing of this and carried on.
i felt like i was just being blunt and honest and trying to show him the situation as it for him to get realistic.
i told her i can’t hangout with her that one time that she did want to hang out because i was going out to ball with the homies.
i had 13 3rd graders to teach and follow a schedule that the company sent me a day before the first lesson.
so when i told him that it was over he insulted me, tried to bargain and apologized.
the next day on the drive back was a huge shouting match.
trump accidentally records over comey meeting tape with idea for candy hotel
control of anecdote wrested from boyfriend
grandmother palms grandson $10 like she fixing boxing match
i decline, tell them to have a great day, and leave.
&#x200b; so my friend (lets call him g) and i met in middle school when we were both new.
this professor (let’s call her b) is a known nightmare.
you should be able to do it yourself", or "you need to man up".
basically i have a friend who looks pretty weird, and one of my friends made a photoshop meme of him.
i've been with her for over a year so it's not like our relationship is new.
im not sure it even matters anymore since i have no relationship with these people outside of my (now defunct) relationship with my ex.
negative parent-teacher conference not exactly eye-opening for area mother
so 10:30 ish her time is when i read her something and let her sleep.
i just want this to be water under the bridge.
hussein judge hoping for fair, speedy assassination
man in mickey mouse suit obviously attempted to eat ribs
we've only been dating for a little less than 4 months, and in the first few months, we started to have issues where it felt like he was taking me for granted and not giving me affection in the way that i need.
tl;dr: waitress spilt coffee all over me and drenched all of my shirt at a work brunch.
guidebook writer stumbles upon new england town too quaint for human eyes
i know i'm super lucky to have met someone who will talk me through anything.
area man somehow roped into arguing passionately for green day
any jokes or lighthearted comments i make about her “not being my real mom” or “they might think you kidnapped me because i’m not adopted” are always taken horribly.
maybe i was being paranoid, and this "friending" was well intended, but given her recent behavior it just felt like a way to spite me.
also, sorry for the broken english.
&#x200b; so bday friend is hurt that i didn't say anything on her birthday.
i’d have rather thrown it away then eaten it.
i have never been anything but transparent.
aita for saying my mom's coworkers husband (repeated drunk driver) should have died in his accident?
she's had crooked teeth her whole life.
i asked him last night if he‘d tried it on or what he did with the shirt (i don‘t remember my exact question.) he said he hadn't tried it on and then he implied he didn't like the pattern so i asked him why he hadn't exchanged it then for something he would like and would fit him.
high school suspends hunky student for wearing shirt
new ice agent establishes dominance by beating up biggest child prisoner on first day
context: a women i was dating (were now friends) was moving out to colorado, where i grew up.
botanists vow not to discuss botany during after-work drinks
well how about you ask another girl instead?" now this set off an alarm in my head because he would usually be the one to say go for it or seal the deal.
i tried to recover by clarifying but everyone was laughing so hard still.
'new york times' moves all content you won't give a shit about unless you make at least $200k a year into one convenient section
that we'd raised one child, and we were done and happy to focus on us, our lives, etc.
so i want to explain my situation and see if i'm an asshole or not.
local man casually mentions upcoming birthday
that the eye contact, the shared laughs - what those things mean to me.
ok?” and i occasionally get nasty looks from the cashiers or other customers.
junior-high-school badminton unit inspires 948 'shuttlecock' jokes
i didn't hate my little brother, i had no animosity towards him, and we even had somewhat of a good relationship.
nobody touching punch at cia christmas party
but he didn’t shoo me away when we went to the doctors together a few months ago and he had to step on a scale for a check up.
veteran given hero's welcome back to afghanistan
new okcupid feature alerts users when it's time to come crawling back
then without any indication my stall door opened.
she did her best to assure me that nothing is going to happen.
i am too socially anxious to seek professional help.
i noticed that he was not the best at some aspects of communication; he would do things like interrupt people (i also had that habit but i fixed it after realizing), lying about trivial things, needlessly bragging, pretending not to hear people if he didn't want to hear what they had to say, and being slightly disrespectful to teachers.
all of that is to ask wibta for trying to get her to dump get current bf to get with me?
after investigating the food situation i get even more pissed, thinking she was joking and i decide to do something about it.
yes, it is true that i use the same password (or variation) for everything.
i genuinely don't know if i'm being overdramatic.
white house claims iran behind attack on nancy kerrigan
the sign had a button you could press to release a puff of scent.
background: he (25) and i (26f) have been together in a monogamous relationship for almost three years and lived together for a large part of that.
aita for making sarcastic or passive aggressive comments to my boyfriend regarding the way he treats me?
but there’s absolutely nothing between me and the girls there, so that shouldn’t have been an issue.
charles koch orders sniper to fire warning shot next to marco rubio on debate stage
i wish i could wish well on everyone, even the people who hurt me the most, but i can't wish well on him.
villain contends he, hero 'very much alike'
last week i totaled my truck due to some bad weather (i hit a patch of ice and lost control).
obama announces we are invading iran right now
&#x200b; she is still with her boyfriend now, and i asked her not to contact me for a month if she doesn't want to move on from her boyfriend.
if you don't like it, move." there wasn't anything i was comfortable doing at that point because i knew if i opened my mouth, i would say something i regretted.
as of today he is still in the intensive care unit, so my girlfriend is worrying too much about him.
he shoved me (lightly- it mainly took me by surprise, more than anything) and yelled, 'what the hell is wrong with you?" after a bit things calmed down and we talked (not about the shoving but about the friend and he did end up apologizing thanks to my mother's intervention) but was i the asshole?
i'll try and say hi to her, and make small talk, but she completely ignores me.
anyway we moved to another side and my friends calmed them down, while i briefly felt moderately proud, i'm guilty that i placed my friends and girlfriend in danger cause my feelings were hurt, which is very weak.
realtor emphasizing neighborhood's proximity to much nicer neighborhood
a bit of background: i (21m) find myself in a dilemma with this current scenario, not knowing whether i was being unreasonable or not, it has knocking about in my head for the past couple of days with no definitive conclusion.
on friday, when i got home, my ex had called in sick.
i also got married and bought a house that we’ll be in for the next 5-10 years.
i just want him to tell me i am 10/10 in his eyes, even if it's not true.
he felt responsible and didnt want anything to happen to me.
here’s my opinion: respect must be earned.
but, reddit, am i being a prude asshole for being upset that what i thought of as a close friend group is being turned into something else?
he doesn’t necessarily have to wear a little suit, but it’s not going to be a dress either.
his response, from his perspective, was he tried hitting her hat off her head.
literally would start walking in circles in the middle of the road while people honked their cars, so i would have to grab him by the hands and lead him somewhere out of public.
i talked about everything, how my friend likes dude a and was jealous.
theres so much more to this that i cant quite get it down here.
for years she has been unhappy and i have encouraged her many times to move to another position or company.
our coach just mumbled something about how maybe it wasn't what i said but the way i said it, then we dropped it...
then, a few months ago, the gym instituted a one-towel-per-person policy.
in any case, i know the point here is not to ask for advice.
this morning i couldn't get the thought out of my head, "why didn't she ask if she could invite me to go?", "did she even consider it?" and so i told her how it made me feel and that i felt excluded from the whole plan.
when she finally got home, i was thankful that she was safe, but furious with how late she was (she claimed that she lost track of time and that her phone died) and i yelled at her and grounded her.
john edwards pays $30 to register edwards2016.com just in case
somehow when i jerked forward my finger got pushed back and the trigger went off.
heroin addict better off than poppy farmer
i don't see marrying her (for many reasons), but we have a happy and healthy relationship.
either ming or yuan dynasty seizes control of mainland china
if i asked you out, would you date me?" that was his whole way of asking me out.
other than that awkward instance, i have had no issues with him dating her, or her personally, i think she's perfectly nice, but don't see her often as they prefer to hang out at her place.
purple '91 honda accord lovingly dedicated to la raza
a few weeks later, i was fed up with her, so i told her that she had one more chance to stop hating me.
i asked for space and therefore it is up to me to decide when i have had enough space.
if a girl only wanted to be with religious men, i'd understand her choice, but me being agnostic, i wouldn't pursue her any further.
my daughter and i were in a happy mood doing a little light christmas shopping alone together.
here's where the asshole part comes in.
woman with six dogs resents non-dogs
eventually we took the exams, and left the country for winter break.
aita for saying my friend's disability allowance is getting money for doing fuckall?
man has trouble growing full beard of bees
i asked if anyone had head of it, called the "wow," and then said it's when you take assistant coaches mom and turn her upside down.
the last thing i'd want to do is hurt and mess up my family.
and, i know you don't, because your school insists on hospitalized mental treatment from their counselors, and i have a family member who works there.
i broke up with my gf just over 2 weeks ago as to me the relationship didn’t feel right.
it was a complete accident and something i would normally try to save face for but after i'd gotten my face dried off this girl continues to hack up slugs without covering her mouth on the extremely crowded bus.
lots of people were excited about the raffle.
it’s more of whether the hypothetical scenario should be a cause for concern.
aita for taking a trip with a girl?
disgusted tsa agents also calling for end to body scanning, thorough pat-downs
curious to see what you guys think
breaking: can anyone ever truly know anything? what is the truth?
we both use the tv often.
man halfway down giant water slide remembers today 9/11
im 22, hes 47, we both work the same position in an office together selling insurance.
i called walgreens and they have both on hand so i can just walk in.
i was asleep" i say "it's money.
i asked him why and he told me he just wasn't feeling it.
i am getting so angry because my dog is just trying to relax.
months go by during which they are mostly broken up and she is moving out but as these things go, they end up together again.
aita for reminding my ex, i'm getting screwed over in the devorce?
mayor hits on crazy idea of developing city's waterfront, green spaces
don't nobody wanna hear area man run his mouth
frothing alex jones claims sexual harassment part of worldwide imbalance in gender power dynamics
we spend 3 and halfish hours watching a movie or two, in the living next to each other and then go to bed.
i live in mexico city, which was hit by two strong earthquakes in late 2017.
dude loudly finishes his bench press set, after which he begins getting free weights for some squats, again right next to my area.
area larva celebrates ascent to adulthood with bar moltzvah
obama vows to split isis into dozens of extremist splinter groups
i was coming up on a group of two vehicles going approximately 45mph, or 10 under the speed limit.
what made things worst is there were no stagette games planned, no penis cake, not much of anything.
like a real sword you see in like ninja movies or whatever.
office cheering on employee going for 32-minute nonstop work streak
i subsequently tried to ask her whether she only said those words because she is tired from work or whether i did something wrong that might had made her angry earliar on.
vending machine most up-to-date technology in school
&#x200b; while i take his point that it sucks to get sick if you can't take time off, it seems ridiculous to quarantine myself because i have a cold.
i think she is overreacting as i don't believe i did anything wrong.
plan to live in storage facility voiced
two dozen restaurant patrons made violently ill from marriage proposal
i would rather stay/sleep at my shop later anyway and she's just gonna be mad at me so why go home ?
i double checked to make sure it wasn’t c before being certain, she stated she’s never had any problems from either of us roommates.
however now a month later they are still not washed and sitting next to his bed.
john retaliated saying that the damage had already been done and that anthony should've move on, further stating the skateboard was "only 80 bucks" and didn't matter all too much.
i asked if he needed me to call and ambulance but he said no and i asked how old he was he said 19 and i was like oh my god did i just neuter this nice young guy who was just trying to help?
winneshiek county stadium indeed ready to rock
and when i was home i told the story to my fiancee who agreed with me, but many of my girl friends ( most of them being hardcore feminists) told me i was an asshole for how i handled it.
nation delighted as many famous people in same room together
stack of unread new yorkers celebrates one-year anniversary
mercedes ruehl reference lost on all but mercedes ruehl
npr's new format to feature soft-spoken white guys
&#x200b; tl;dr i'm a college student feeling run over by my family, but i'm not sure if i'm just being ungrateful.
however he still thinks he has the right to deny baking a cake for them.
jeff bridges seated directly behind support column at golden globes
>me: it's a hard conundrum to solve.
stumbling drunk chuck grassley warns kavanaugh accuser she can testify all she wants but no one's going to believe her
that was fine when i was drinking.
i was having a cookout with the family and actually invited them as an apology.
it's important to note at this point that i was in college and living in a no-pets allowed apartment.
i worked my ass off to help put him through college with little debt.
jukebox pretending oasis cd too scratched to play
fbi chief releases composite sketch of dream house
first chapter in history of sino-american war of 2011 already written
i realize i look scary to people who havent been in prison.
insufferable prick distinctly said no cilantro
i told sam all this two weeks ago, so i thought it'd be fair notice.
this obviously made her upset we both said some shit that we didn't mean.
i went across the street to a well known pharmacy to buy a cheap one for the stay.
everyone on flight annoyed by screaming kid rock
the last time it snowed one of my roommates (we'll say roommate a) woke up early and did part of the work, then my other roommate (roommate b) helped her.
physically fit, emotionally stable kim jong-un addresses un after finally getting nuclear ambitions out of system
i said, "if somebody had leftovers in the fridge and made no attempt to tell you not to eat it, you ate it, and they were a bit upset, would you apologize?" and they think not necessarily.
passenger ruins perfectly good windshield by flying through it
it hurt my feelings to know that three years in i am still having to defend my character to him.
looking back, it was kind of a stupid topic to begin with, but i'm just sitting here, typing this, and questioning why i have a tendency to make people cry.
restaurant's eating challenge rewards any patron who can consume reasonably portioned meal
c, being a senior and having motor issues, wipes down the three countertops in the hallway.
kid not getting in strange van for anything less than king-size bar
she also said that i am never to play my bass with her son in the car.
this is also affects my sex life.
so a young lady comes in who only speaks spanish.
hollywood quietly shuts down after realizing that entertainment a delicate matter of subjective opinion
the nicu nurses are excellent and provide 24/7 care (makes me extra appreciative to have the canadian healthcare system, otherwise i'd be close to bankrupt by now probably), which means that when we go, we help out with some tasks like diaper changes and feeding, to build some normalcy in the situation, but even if we aren't there these tasks are done by the nurses.
new evidence reveals ancient greeks immediately regretted inventing theater
the daughter wasn’t there so it made me doubt his story a little bit, but i mean if he just wanted an extra sandwich for himself for later i guess i couldn’t have blamed him.
elderly woman begins freezing meals husband can eat while she's passed away
butterfly under immense pressure not to fuck up timeline with misplaced wing flap
isis fighter dreading smug looks from hometown friends who told him caliphate sounded like dumb idea
so it started when i got off of work about 8 minutes late tonight (at 7:38 pm).
for example, someone would ask in a dorm groupme if anyone had a pod they could sell.
thank you to all of you that gave really helpful responses.
i don't think it's wrong to want biological children.
i told her we can't control what we think is funny because we're all human.
he charges me $700 rent monthly.
i feel like a close friend of both of us should understand our need for some time alone in the brief spells we get together.
the day after i got back from home for the holidays i asked him if he talked to our landlord yet.
i proceed to look for some on the internet and find one that costs about $150 and looks good.
i've tried on multiple occasions throughout the christmas break to try and see her but everytime she either has work, which was not far from where i live, "couldn't be arsed" and even one time saying she's free but doesn't want to, and then said that i wasn't putting in enough effort to show her i want to get back with her.
stanley introduces new sawed-off hot glue shotgun
my " rule " lol before whilst dating was that if a guy wanted a date friday night he should ask me by wednesday and if it was for saturday he should ask/ make plans no later than thursday....
my daughter is 13 and recently asked me and my husband if she could attend a sleepover this weekend at another girls house.
the course leader was going to speak with them today but none of them showed up for class.
'invisible airwaves crackle with life,' reports geddy lee from man's detached earbud
astronomers discover previously unknown cluster of nothingness in deep space
he and i laughed and agreed.
aita for not signing my license to donate my organs?
pope asks to be taken off list of world's 100 richest people
source of jealousy not even that successful
my boyfriend and i wanted to grab a breakfast sandwich from this little bakery.
cashier allows line-cutting to go unpunished
australian forced to flee homeland to sell his microwave omelet cooker
aita for not paying the venmo request?
woman puts cool whip containers to every conceivable use
and nothing works quite like the tv does for me.
i haven’t been sleeping well lately and my toddler was going back to daycare for the first time in over a week so i’d finally be able to get some shit done and have a much needed nap.
i'm not rich enough to not eat my leftover.
i came across many in there and i squashed them all.
i got extremely angry, texting him to ask for him to pay me back immediately.
elderly couple dresses up for trip to denny's
defense department layoffs result in increased video rentals
aita for making my sister cry?
get an apartment across town, move out, refuse all her calls from rehab, i'm fucking done with her.
we switch off on who is the designated driver each weekend, and this past weekend happened to be my turn.
what i didn’t realize was that my ex actually follows my fiancée on instagram (why, i do not know!) and so she saw the ring.
so this is the short story.
it's 541 am here and i'm lost because things were going so well and now this?
i will not take out the trash if they are not properly contained within a plastic bag or something similar*.” i know this was referring to me, as c does not/seldom menstruates from the times i’ve taken out her trash.
my daughter is wearing a pretty elaborate, puffy red dress that looks like what the pageant kids wear (slightly over the top, but my wife picked it).
report: u.s. exported 6 billion tons of crude web content last year
financially i think we’re doing ok but my husband is always stressed about finances because we both have a bit of outstanding student debt but we’re chipping it down.
i was pretty shocked and only really managed a polite "no" and then trey went to bed without pushing it and i left and went home.
to start, i live with 3 other people.
report: imagine how good it would feel to just crawl back into bed right now
i’ve used this system a few times, telling them about how one week i couldn’t clean because i went home sick, one time when my grandmother was coming on saturday (both go home for the weekend but i thought i should let them know just incase), and once or twice to ask if they wanted any of the croissants my boyfriend regularly brings me.
he also has a pretty big smoking habit, and none of the other girls’ parents smoke cigarettes.
aita for “borrowing” a shirt from a clothing store?
not to mention the fact that we were such close friends.
she stops for a second then apologizes, but at this point i'm pretty upset and i zip up, then i ask her to leave.
i have still been seeing the wife sexually, however when i started to verbally insult him she got offended despite me doing it many times before.
credit-card metallurgists unveil new 'polonium plus' visa card
looked for a week, couldn't find one, so i found a purple one that wouldn't stand out too much.
we were trying to get the vehicle before it started snowing this year, but, if we give my sister-in-law that money there's no way it can happen...
so and i work at the same place.
this isn't something i can bring up to them without hearing a biased answer.
unconditional love given to 15-year-old who just called mom a bitch in middle of hollister
study finds swans only other animals who mate for few years, get scared, end things, then regret it
in my defense it might be more or less expensive,but it won’t go up or down for 10 billion or something.
baseball slugger on pace to hit 60 women
shes already sort of submissive in sex, and that was enough once.
he did not know he had a half sister until he was around 24 and they do not get along.
i decided to go and talk to one of the people who said this and he told me that apparently others find the fact that i always ask the teacher questions or respond to him annoying and that they find my jokes "moronic".
area man nervously asks girlfriend if she'll settle
my girlfriend is like every other 22 year old girl these days and had an instagram.
huckabee sanders cuts loose during correspondents' dinner with raucous, carefree frown
anyway here is my report from today: i enter the shop and one of the girls asks me about the chair i borrowed from the charity upstairs.
tourists not leaving landmark until all permutations of groups and cameras exhausted
word got around that i made the honor roll.
john bolton urges war against the sun after uncovering evidence it has nuclear capabilities
she then goes on this long ass rant how she really trusted me.
cia chief admits to torture after six-hour beating, electrocution
supermodel's true beauty comes from outside
70-year-old woman decides it time to start dressing entirely in purple
i really wanted to go see him, but i didn't because i knew he wouldn't want someone fussing over him.
but it felt like i was betrayed by 2 of the few friends i actually have.
obama addresses nation still wearing spock ears
so i tell arthus if he can't find a person take a taxi or sleep in his car im not helping jack anymore.
and she says oh okay, that sounds fun and i go “maybe you can come” but like in a vague way, she says sure just let me know which day soon so i can figure out my weekend.
&#x200b; so you could argue that i provoked him, but he teases me sometimes so he shouldn't get upset.
constant sex, intimacy and just all round amazingness.
she was still the same nice girls, still almost as affectionate as she was before.
i am currently in two campaigns at the moment and both of them involve my non-binary acquaintance, let’s just say her name is river, and i used to enjoy her company.
the idea is you don't even know the specific area that the deceased is buried, you just go to the woods and see the life that came from them.
cd club somehow tracks down local woman
it's a studio apt and i absolutely hate it.
we also joked around a lot and helped him when he was having a panic attack or needed advice.
nation's little piggies demand a sweet treat
taliban leaders already know which westernized schools the first to go as soon as u.s. troops leave afghanistan
report: only way nation will pay attention to climate change is if julia roberts dies in hurricane
so we check and tony was wrong and we kinda just sat there in silence for a few minutes before pablo and i take our leave.
woman attempts to cram few years' worth of body positivity into 20 minutes before trying on bathing suits
mom sends blurry, indistinct photo of computer screen showing boots you might like
apparently my english teacher, we'll call her mrs.
nation wishes it could just once be reminded of preciousness of life without mass shooting
divorce has been pretty rough on screen door
i had enough of his self pity and i was angry at the fact that this guy basically wasted thousands of dollars of therapy money over some girl he knew for a couple months.
expansive obama state of the union speech to touch on patent law, entomology, the films of robert altman
i did it of course but i thought she was nit-picking for no reason when her own lawn was covered it feces.
i was kind of at a loss for words and all i could say at that point was that “that is really shitty, man” and repeated that a couple of times.
she said sorry and said she would never want tequila from that point forward.
mostly us just having fun with a shitty situation.
to my surprise, she insisted that she hadn't been deliberately ignoring me, and that i had done nothing wrong.
as i stayed silent the 2nd period, i was making jokes and most of them chuckled.
thus, i asked her to prep dinners for the week that she will be gone to make it easier on me.
man with big stick to lead russia
i've even let it go so far as to get us both checked out by fertility specialists who haven't found anything wrong (naturally i suppose).
(it's a new program and kind of running itself into the ground but that's another story) i just finished my nursing degree and i do not start my new job until february.
expiration of contract allows fergie to put on pair of pants for first time in 5 years
kevin spacey responds to assault allegations by seeking treatment for homosexuality
she was laying flat on her back on top of me and laughing with her mouth wide open.
it was opening weekend for django unchained and i went to see it with my mom because we both love tarantino's films.
i offered to pay for her tickets but she paid for mine too because it was the birthday promise.
aita for having sex with a married woman after three days of separation?
i \[30m\] am in the weeds with my gf \[27f\] and need some external validation/asswhuping.
pollsters admit they underestimated voters' adrenal glands
so i don't want to try acting like it was all nothing and i'll just overlook how he disrespected me in the past.
facebook bans extremist figures after designating them dangerous to its public reputation
lara flynn boyle's publicist warns interviewer upfront
the kid is jumping up and down and visibly pleased with what i have done so all good right??
i just get squeamish at anything over 75 mph, hence my request to him.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: technically yes, they don't have your guild tag but they are obviously affiliated &#x200b; &#x200b; her: no, i asked him - not everyone that dislikes is from &#x200b; &#x200b; me: i don't disagree, but not everyone knows the situation either to say that.
this also means that on more than one occasion per week i walk into a stall that has urine all over the seat and i either clean it so i can use it or go to the next stall if there's one available.
oddly enough this has actually driven me closer to his mom since im running out of friends.
i get that, it makes total sense.
i don’t think we are assholes but i sure felt like it after speaking with our neighbor.
or can i just skip this whole ridiculous mess that i don’t really want to go to, return the dress that i bought, and stay with my kids?
we were a 4 person group as opposed to a 5 as the majority of the class was, and half the time 2 of the people weren't even in class (they were friends or something).
i hate that, it immediately makes me want to make eye contact and scream.
basically, the bottom line was, he was convinced he'd be in too much pain to enjoy the weekend without these meds.
me and my close knit friend group of four other people have a discord server where we discuss pretty much everything.
it was a closed fist hit to the face, then he ran off and i didn't see him for a few hours, when i did see him he had a small bruise, he called me a bitch and then took his car keys and drove off.
i played the lottery with two friends; it was my idea, at first they weren't interested at all, but then i convinced them that it would be fun so they agreed.
some time ago, this choir made some rude posts about me on social media.
open-ended new bill criminalizes whatever black people up to right now
that she had been ignoring me lately.
report: freezers in healthy choice corporate offices probably stocked with every kind of healthy choice you could imagine
aita if i drive all the way down to the end of a merge lane?
woman quickly cycles through non-threatening voice inflections before expressing concern
brutalized toothbrush wishes owner would just let it die
it was back to our fun messages and talks without any mentions of other people.
dude literally gets on my last nerve, so i’m giving him a reason to hate me.
&#x200b; i had to drive her home, where she commenced on telling me how sad and lonely she was.
aita for saying recruitment policy at my company is sexist against men so long story short ive been with my company close to 5 years.
aita for not throwing away my empty drink and popcorn at the movie i guess i just grew up with that as the culture in my family.
he is 13, and i don't spend that much time with him.normally i'm really understing with people but the fact that everyone claims they have depression has gotten on my nerves.here's why i think he is posing: 1)he has sad or depressive in all his online names.on one social media he literally is sad boy.i don't think depressed people showcase it off like this.
secret police enforce mourning of deng xiaoping
adrenaline supply intended for lifting car off loved one called upon to carry 4 grocery bags at once
so i ask him again but this time i'm a bit more pissed and speak in a louder and more pissed tone.
all over a simple request from my end.
local band cleverly alters product logo
for example thursday my girlfriend stayed home while i was at work and give max a bath and they had a great time cuddling and watching netflix.
this got me pretty excited so i asked her if she was single.
it's blown over now, i'm just asking.
area woman lovingly lint rolling cardigan as if tending to prized stallion
anyway, some of my more 'offensive' posts have dropped below -100, and it really frustrates me.
edit 1: grammar edit 2: thank you for all the feedback so far!
scalia bundles up in fur robe in preparation for d.c. blizzard
if he’s not abusing or molesting his daughter then i would at least bet he has guns and nazi memorabilia and other scary shit that maybe they found.
she says nothing happened and i say intent matters.
there's no "good" reason for me to go against this request.
thought i was safe to laugh but my nephew pressed a key that opened the elevator while i was still laughing.
so i’m i the asshole for debating with her then calling her out
inevitably some 30 year old lady came up to me trying to start a conversation.
more and more, she would start hitting it.
aita if i want my boyfriend to take off his shirt?
we had a great time, but i knew his m.o.
aita for sleeping with a best friend's ex-girlfriend?
creepy late-night mortgage ad gives insight into true state of economy
now several years later swim knows that he was not the only one ratted on.
kim jong-il doesn't know how he keeps winning lottery
between our salaries, we can only really afford one kid to go to a 15k/year school.
mainly due to the amount of homework that would be given by the teacher.
aita for not wanting to go to launch with my siblings.
i explained to my partner what was happening.
then why didn’t you say anything!!
a year after that, we moved to a different place but i still took care of the shiba mostly.
fast forward, i was still friends with chris for a while, but he was still friends with john which was pretty awkward.
heaven prepares for huge rush of college kids over spring break
nation's panicked, blood-covered citizens demand you give them just one goddamn second to think
aita for taking property back that’s mine?
i immediately grabbed the degenerate and gave him three hard punches and that knocked him out.
text back "well, tony is mexican and not really, cos i've called ike that plenty of times" also "why do you have access to a private convo between me and bill?", says he used to watch netflix with bill's account.
i think she expected me to know too.
pence spends 621st straight sinful day coveting his neighbor's job
child so stupid she sees letters backwards
i agree with this idea, but i myself hesitated to actually do it because i'm scared she would throw shit on me and breakdown-- it's actually really hard to confront a person with mental illnesses because you feel like their life's hanging over your head and one wrong move, they're dead.
we don't really have any other alternative for now and i'd say sex is a pretty important part in our relationship.
i appreciate the time people took to post constructive and thought provoking replies.
area man has no idea how he got on hamas e-mail list
officials warn consumers of counterfeit tickets ahead of solar eclipse
or do i have a case that she could step up her game a little bit?
alright, so i’m sitting next to her during lunch, i smell something horrible and as i look around for the source, she tells me she shat herself.
i have certain immune system issues.
i know it isn’t about me and i don’t know what the real thing is here, but if he was forced to quit by an outside pressure, he will inevitably become resentful of that source.
and that if he did ever take more, i had his express (written) permission to abandon him in a forest until he sobered up, and would call me for a ride.
late-working ceo calls out for coffee in vain
arizona high schools to now teach spanish entirely in english
slightest amount of physical contact apologized for
and now, while i'm meeting other women in hope of finding a new partner, she's forcing herself to stay single because she doesn't want to lose me as a friend.
as eu citizens we need to apply for an evisa four days in advance, which i did not do because it costs us$80 per person and we didn't think we would need it.
aita for not wanting to be my grown step-daughter's surrogate mother figure?
kidnapped journalist forced to explain to isis captors what buzzfeed news is
her next message was my first red flag, though.
each guy chipped in a small amount.
civilian casualty flattered to have been mistaken for hamas leader
i’m a lot more strict with her diet because of this and sometimes i feel so bad allowing my other kids to have stuff that she can’t.
i said to him not even realizing somewhere along the lines of "no dumbass she cant get them or have kids!" i realized my mistake after i looked at my phone and she looked pissed and immediately hung up.
am i the only one like this and does it make me an asshole?
today he vomited on our bed, and i'm fairly sure he urinated on it (cant prove it was him but it had to have been some animal, we have a few).
he is not able to maintain erections.
aita - having my submissive cake and eating it too i have been in a happy and loving relationship for over five years with my boyfriend.
report: this movie old enough that they might have actually hurt dog
eventually swim was arrested and charged with trafficking from selling to a confidential informant.
college graduate accepts position above parents' garage
but i did call the police.
i know i pulled a poor tasted prank on him, but i don't think i should be responsible or shunned for what he said just because hes a non-english speaker.
i am telling people that i will not be a part of the 99%.
at the end of a workday, i did feel the desire to unwind a bit, either by watching something, browsing reddit of course, or gaming.
i didn’t have an issue, she didn’t have an issue with it either.
so i go over there to help support, but right as i walked up i hear katy, straight up say to amy, that i have been bragging about sending nudes and having sex with her.
senator dick durbin forced to watch state of the union address from home after getting ripped off by ticket scalper
the topic of the tv is going to be brought up again, and i really don't know if i would be the asshole for committing to the idea of them paying for the tv.
c and i weren’t friends at all - in fact, she hated me and saw me as competition.
aita for yelling at my sister and father, who came to pick me up?
we aren’t streamers or anything or really that good, but we all get together for a couple hours most nights after all our kids and wives are in bed.
room scanned for something to sell on ebay
wolf pack fails to raise orphaned infant
but as i tell my piece, keep in mind that upon reporting her to admin i was informed that there are countless other reports being sent in about her.
husband pretty sure he hooked up gas stove correctly
we havent talked since then, but honestly i feel like an asshole.
&#x200b; so yeah, is she the asshole for not buying her siblings tangible christmas gifts?
tokyo adds 100-story toadstool to skyline
i worked my christmas break away getting most of the remaining service hours and revising the final essay.
i have an ex-friend that says she has a “diagnosed phobia of vomit”.
then she replied, "but i was invited, and i don't think i could've just invited someone else", to which i answered i didn't see nothing wrong in asking if you can invite your so to join you on this trip.
defense needs to be more physical, reports man slumped on couch for past 5 hours
moon now overrun with cane toads after species accidentally introduced into environment during apollo 17 mission
i felt nauseated and very lightheaded.
we used to hookup but we stopped about 3 years ago.
for a while i had so little money i ate either rice and beans for a few days or did not eat at all.
no one really believed that idea and it became kind of an inside joke.
brita unveils new in-throat water filters
for example, last year i got my dad a big socket set and some various other tools knowing damn well that i was going to use them later on the tractors and cars and what not.
experts report $37 amount of money you need to donate to hurricane relief in order to completely forget about it
i ended up bruising her multiple times and then hitting her in her face giving her a black and blue eye.
when we learned that she was pregnant(around two weeks ago), i immediately resolved to be there for her and support her through every stage of the pregnancy.
my sister wishes for some decoration for her student appartment.
i got pretty depressed in the fall and cried a lot because i felt like he was saying what he thought i wanted to hear but dragging his feet.
taylor swift apparently now dating 'garfield' creator jim davis
so far anytime i've even expressed that i'm uncomfortable with him remaining friends with patrick, he gets angry with me and accuses me of being "unreasonable".
tl;dr after ignoring one flimsy excuse after another in an obvious attempt to make me give up, i force a girl into a confrontation which leads to her crying and me feeling like shit.
weird girl you drunkenly fooled around with waiting outside door
maybe there’s some stereotypical thinking about women as caretakers in there too, i don’t know.
now i just feel resentful and i feel like an asshole for expecting so much.
aita for forgetting about a date?
however in the evening/afternoon when he decides to naps he always complains.
he wanted to get bunk beds for her boys.
'urban legends true,' says friend of cousin's roommate
street musician's mother really on his case about practicing his buckets
i hate feeling helpless and this is taking an emotional toll on me.
i keep in very good shape, and i have a promising career as an executive in the plastics industry.
man pulling in $1,000 per month has nerve to complain about minimum wage laws
2013 year in review photo essay shaping up to be quite horrific
matt damon appears fully nude for first time in local man's imagination
aita for ghosting her after she wouldn't put out?
then i notice a vehicle coming around the corner in the oncoming lane while the gap i was trying to get in is closing.
i just want to know if i'm the asshole for hounding him to get a job.
the only reason i’ve stayed with her this long is the “everything but actual sex,” is actually really good and enjoyable and is very regular, consistent and so frequent that sometimes i’m not into it but she still insists and gets me off.
it was so long ago, i doubt it matters, but i guess i'm just curious, because i always felt kind of like..
moderator: no “guy” you literally did not say please.
poll finds majority of americans would like things to go right for once
she was debating flying out but she didn't know how to get her stuff out there and didn't want to drive alone.
i told my boss that she was looking for a job and he said let her come down and he pretty much guaranteed he'd give her the job.
researchers find human beings naturally evolved toward monogamy and carrying on fun little flings on side
214 executed in wacky bolivian prison mix-up
i told her that it wouldn't matter if it was an english native with a lisp or speech impediment or if it was a non-native speaker, it would be annoying to hear mangled english.
back during christmas she left me while we visited my dad's side of my family.
i am genuinely sorry his wife died.
pope francis washes feet of phillie phanatic
disney reveals that every disney movie takes place in single, unified universe
my 29 y/o stepson (ss) was released from prison this fall after serving 12 years.
i'm not a scrooge or anything.
we talked today just us 2, and i asked him what he is doing for his bday, he said that if said that hes glad theres no party and if there was one he would be mad af.
hours later, i caught him telling a mutual co-worker about how they can take whatever they want out of the dairy cooler.
recording academy reminds aging musicians to die before december 15 to be included in 2017 grammy tributes
a few months after he came home i found him dead in his room from hanging himself.
aita for sexting my friend i’ve been with my girlfriend lisa for 2 years.
in talking to a friend about it they kind of think that all those people had it coming for breaking the rules and that they would have been busted eventually anyway.
i wasn't notified that they were leaving early, and was all of a sudden kicked out.
&#x200b; my mom is absolutely losing it at this point and papa picks her up and takes her to the hospital to get stitches.
to me, she clearly was sending a signal that she was down to fuck this dude.
i spend the night occasionally at hers and she’ll sometimes come hangout at mine.
i got angry (silently, not a big scene angry), and just got up and left.
nasa announces future shuttle launches will be sudden and without warning
he says he doesn't want to break up but he is demanding that i never blow up again.
in any case i will be taking a step back from gaming.
reddi wip canister used as directed
with regard to 1), i'd honestly be thrilled if she found another job, and i told her that.
i am 20 years old, but i am very career focused and mostly work and go to school at the same time.
i don't hide my online bank statements or accounts from her if she asks to see them, so there's no risk of me hiding money from her like her ex did.
where exactly is this going, and what are we?
maybelline announces it will stop testing new products on unsuspecting customers in the middle of the night
i don't get along with small children and don't really like them.
inept coworker increasingly difficult to fantasize about
i told him that i'd see him later but got out of the car before he could kiss me.
i find myself avoiding porn because i get worked up very easily and have had wet dreams several nights in a row.
i plan to move into my own studio apartment soon and i don’t plan to take her with me for many reasons.
i spoke to him privately about this afterwards, and he said that it wasn't his fault that he's late, it was because the subways were delayed.
she refused again, i was furious.
i have rented with the same homeowner previous to my incarceration.
it took me about half an hour and it came out to just over $100.
basically somehow i made things worse.
attractive woman, wealthy man somehow making it work
i’m a generally sarcastic, joker who has always ribbed people, as was done to me by my own family.
me and a work friend was talking and we mentioned how the lincoln car in the park was j's and buddy said " the lincoln?
the other day, i found some artwork from another tumblr user and used it for my page.
they say one is an indoor cat and the other one is an outdoor cat.
alumni magazine tiptoeing around campus shooting
dancing costumed midgets celebrate death of deng xiaoping
i tell my dad about it and he replies "son, i don't have the money for such a thing".
but he started watching his favourite show.
jury finds man guilty of murdering wife and children, but gets it
woman apologizes for what appears to be clean house
and then sometimes kayla and eden just talk about sean directly in front of me and how great he is, like hey guys im right here.
aita for leaving the toilet seat up in my ex girlfriend's house?
someone was asking for the number of a good medium and i felt i needed to point out that they are all scams meant to take advantage of the bereaved and it's practitioners are either mentally ill or liers.
i admit it is out of character for me.
saying we should take care, is not an excuse for being careless.
literally everyone at our table, black, white, or hispanic/asian were laughing at them.
now i know what your thinking at the stage, that i am definitely an asshole for thinking she should be fired but hold your horses.
at the end of high school i was rejected by a girl whom i'd been pursuing for months, and that made me realise that my skills with women were absolute shit.
glowing, cackling mcconnell levitates above senate after realizing chamber's rules only self-imposed mental construct
we definitely hit a few bumps along the way, too.
'please don't feed the poor' campaign catching on
do i need to justify returning a friend's missed call?
you can hold snake, owner reports
this all started 14 years ago when my parents and i lived in a small city.
it's like a block and no matter how hard i try to muster the words out, i can't.
also, the dress we picked is in sale now at 30$ off, making the dress 170.
throughout the couple of months she did this i usually just sucked it up and did not get angry or outburst at her, so it was building on me pretty heavily.
more realistic meat substitute made from soy raised in brutally cruel conditions
new grill to revive foreman-ali rivalry
i stopped speaking with the friend with a week, but eventually broke and ended up chatting with him again, sending memes but not flirting.
kate middleton suffering from morning sickness
widower just doesn't have energy to waltz with dead wife's dress tonight
he discussed once with me that his friend offered him and room and he said “he wanted to change me $300 a month!
i suggested that she do squats and she doesn’t want to do it.
am i the asshole for telling them this?
justin timberlake already beneath u.s. bank stadium waiting for super bowl halftime show to start
over the course of my indolence and dishonesty, i have many of my things destroyed due to my actions.
when my husband got home later that night he was furious that i had spent so much on a new puppy without telling him.
the dog has a history of going number 2 on the carpet when left alone, but i figured it wouldn't 'use' the carpet because it could hear us in my room....
new study finds therapy, antidepressants equally effective at monetizing depression
i ask whats up, and they say that i will get the other half after the job is done.
international atom registry allows customers to name atom after loved one
as i said my daughter is 12, which means puberty.
as adults we don’t need presents, but you act like you want to give us presents, but are just unfortunately stopped from doing so by the fact that you “have no money.” it clearly isn’t true if you can buy a whole other family christmas.
he's my best friend and he stuck with me even after all the times we broke up.
child at 9/11 memorial service sternly reminded we are sad today
and we sat next to each other.
when we were there and unpacking, my boyfriend realized he forgot some of his meds at home (he has restless leg syndrome, trigeminal neuralgia, some sort of tmj issue, anxiety, and gerd), and decided to find the closest walgreens to transfer over the meds he takes for tn since he gets his meds from the walgreens at home.
job candidate awaiting interviewer just smiling, making enthusiastic eye contact with every passerby in lobby
i text her the next day telling her that i want her out of my life, and my brother’s, and that i do not wish to have any contact with someone who does not value their best friend’s feelings over their own horniness.
trump administration announces new $20 bill design honoring harriet tubman's owners
i told him that he's cutting it too close to the start of a meeting, and because of that, it's his fault.
and i really the worst one in this situation?
obama suddenly panicked after gazing too far into future
my sister kept asking me "what happened?" and i told her to drop it.
petsmart introduces heart-shaped puppy for valentine's day
again, i should have clarified this before but i live in a very safe and populated residential area.
paris vows to rebuild notre dame despite cosmic absurdity of seeking inherent meaning in fleeting creations of man
she offered to move with me but i refused because i'm unsure about the relationship in general and i wouldn't want her to make a commitment like that while i'm unsure about our relationship.
2) because they were using it to cheat on their finals....
clear from stock music that video never meant to be watched with sound on
am i actually the asshole for being annoyed by always being inconvenienced like this?
man who just bought mayan headdress, 4 crates of corn pretty sure you'll be looking like the fool when apocalypse happens
we live in a huge city where every day there are going to be weird people like this that to me are not worth a second of our time.
poll: ted cruz currently leads among voters disputing boundaries of neighbor's yard
he’s had to get a new computer chair for work, owns two canes, and a walker (when i bought it, someone saw me carrying it up an elevator to our apartment and thought i was an at-home caregiver to a senior citizen).
kermit and i have a complicated eight year history.
should i have just tried to work through it?
multiple times now, i’ve caught the air back up to 74 or 73, coming home after weekends away to a super hot apartment.
supercuts now offering to give customers baths for $14.99
obama sort of freaked out after not receiving single e-mail, phone call for entire day
but am i an asshole for thinking someone who’s tried to kill themselves, but stops before doing any irreversible damage is less risky than say someone with bipolar disorder during a manic episode.
bp pledges to continue being huge profitable corporation
queen elizabeth annoyed nude pictures of prince harry don't show anything good
study: majority of 'calm downs' ineffective
this is the conclusion we landed upon: we agreed to the fact that what i did during the night was 100% wrong, i should've asked before hand.
edit 1: alright so it seems i have to add something.
my uncle actually was in the marines and described it like that.
it could make him feel all sorts of things.
stock analysts confused, frightened by boar market
i started a new job and that was the night he decided to come home at 2:15 am when i had to be up in 5 hours for my first day.
u.s. mint introduces new double-stuf quarters
which pisses me off because we spent so much time doing most of the report.
man invisible on gchat observes world from impregnable perch
flash forward a year: this former roommate is now still addicted, and i often see her not only juuling but smoking cigarettes on her snapchat.
she starts going off about how can i not remember something that happened a few hours ago, and swears i'm lying to her.
why put 100% effort into a net loss of seven lives, especially when i'm not being paid enough?
which is not a reason at all to call a woman crazy!
this is totally on me, defintely not on her.
i decided to treat myself the over night and ordered a pizza because i was pulling an nighter for a final.
i said to her that if she really wants to be with her bf she should not hang out with me.
while she was telling me that i was immature and should enjoy my 5 minute fame.
powerful special interest group momentarily blanks on agenda
dad way scarier when controlling temper
hydra decides to see doctor about painful ingrown head
mike pence brings wife up onstage to help demonstrate how much contact appropriate before marriage
report: strongest human relationships emerge from bashing friend who couldn't make it out
trump boys proud after mailing in hand-drawn republican ballots to north pole
i told him i'm more comfortable if we met at the hotel bar and he didn't say anything.
she still wears them every weekend!
i confronted him about it and another separate issue relating to the brother last night and he said i'm being ridiculous.
i was confused (and drunk) but ignored it.
i don’t care who it is, if you can’t respect me i can’t respect you.
recently, he had a month long fling with one of kendra's estranged friends.
it is my belief that both these people manage the shop.
kkk member struggles to blame blacks for his hangover
death withdraws icy hand from shoulder of caroline kennedy
obama up early cooking breakfast in one of michelle's extra long t-shirts
katy and i have a long history because we were on the swim team together and went to school together and is a fellow lifeguard, i'm gonna be completely honest, i hate katy.
good guy with gun, bad guy with gun both excited to unload firearm in crowd outside arena
obama orders guantánamo prisoners transferred to next president
i want to be alone with them.
most of these other ladies either want to stop here and just get a career to help their family or because they may want to go into nursing.
my mom tells me that they have been nagging her on her phone saying that i should be more grateful and have more manners and should text them thank you.
i was intended to keep this private between l and i as i planned to see if switch was possible.
if he thinks back on these past few years with all the interactions we've had, he'd understand why.
clinton hitchhikes to st. louis for jazzfest
overuse of enzyme-based cleaners may be causing highly resistant superstains
however, if one so chooses our college offers a winter term where you can pay to take sprint classes that last the duration of the break.
he’s gone the whole halftime show(who cares), and about halfway into the 3rd quarter he comes back (so he’s been gone half an hour).
but actually i was crushed and didn't want to break up; i just didn't want him to feel bad because he's been really good to me.
the feeling was mutual, we went on to see each other and eventually wanted to get into a relationship.
creepy one-word text message from mom could mean anything
i talk to him about my boyfriend all the time.
i (21m) met a girl (20f) one day at a function, and we sort of hit it off.
she replied saying thanks you too.
discovery of neolithic gift shop suggests stonehenge always meant as tourist attraction
area man disappointed in self for already being full
his mom comes and yells at me for everything he told her.
retired couple realizes dream of buying camper, driving around country murdering hitchhikers
does he have the right to complain the second he hears noise or is there an amount of noise from neighbours that should be expected?
saying “your not my father” and “i control my own life” and stuff like that, we haven’t talked much after that
we never talked about it and we never told anyone.
i really want to make it up to this guy, like anything.
aita for seeking additional compensation after a poor hotel experience?
aita for using my husband's ethnicity to avoid thanksgiving?
he tells 9th graders to keep up with his stuff.
is this a line you should never cross without someone's consent, or is it an issue that's no one else's business?
if you someone messes with you.
san francisco photographer shits out another bridge photo
like why can't he just make friends irl or in his own state?
so this happened today, allow me to set the scene, it'll take a while.
he has almost no concept of paying bills aside from his car payment.
i wanted to try having a girlfriend, and so i did.
john kerry poses as masseuse to get few minutes with putin
police uncover talk-show-guest mill in rural kentucky
i am interested though, for the reasons i listed above, but i feel that now that i have the ability to reject people, i have no point in going out with a girl that rejected me, no matter how long ago.
he is very respectful, hardworking and kind and has even managed to talk my parents round to liking him.
supreme court rules gay rights do not extend to dessert
she has also had the same reaction last year when she wore tight jeans and i said, "busting out the tight boys today i see." and again, i didnt see it as anything more than an observation.
it was resolved but who do you guys think was the asshole?
i was in tears by then end of it.
i told my bf i didn’t think that was a good idea and he said he didn’t see the problem since two people who are coming are in a relationship.
additionally she says that if i go home with her she will probably end up doing stuff with me too.
change in bus seats taken personally
i figured he had moved on and so when his girlfriend kept talking to me i figured there was nothing wrong.
she doesn't even get mad or frustrated at herself for doing something like that.
i also feel he’s been unfair as of lately.
(throwaway because friends/family know my regular reddit) for background, it was a longstanding fear of mine that my brother (2 years younger than me) would get married before i did.
emmanuel macron not sure how to tell billionaires notre dame repair only costs $200
i've always been direct and completely honest with her, so i do feel like i deserve at least to be treated with the bare minimum of respect.
she asked me if i might be able to watch him for the day.
i stuck with him during this period, trying to encourage him and offer support where i could.
this made him more mad and we had an argument.
before dropping her off yesterday i got some money to pay the sitter.
she knows it, i know it, and the doctor has confirmed it.
litterfall is a fact of life.
i became one wordy and said i didn’t want to talk about this and i’m uncomfortable.
cia to shift focus to greeting cards
vegetarian option just iceberg lettuce on bread
aita for thinking she cheated on me?
the class, as i expected, is extremely boring and honestly hasn't taught me anything of value since starting.
he didn’t text me much all day, because he was asleep but even when awake, i sent him some snaps of my dinner (nye is a big fam tradition in my culture) and he just curtly responded with pleasantries.
dad ready to forgive dixie chicks
so for the better part of my life i've had admittedly strange tastes and behaviors.
things were better for a while, but some behavior crept back in, and all i could see was my dad being a dork or trying to include my wife in what was essentially part of our family humor.
“youre the only real queer around here.” he came at me but i ran away and all my friends and cousins subdued him.
now as in the title, the annoyance lies in that he always watches my favorite movies without me!
everyone in family compliments grandmother on how small and feeble she's gotten
aita for yelling back at someone after almost hitting him in the face.
there are women called tomi, though i will admit that it’s more commonly a man’s nickname (tommy).
pope francis reverses position on capitalism after seeing wide variety of american oreos
i've started hanging put with friends 4 times a week because seeing my fiancee stresses me out.
i acknolwedge that i tend to be kind of apathetic sometimes, i know that much at least.
she's started bringing dead animals on the porch and just leaving them.
i do not particularly like kids.
i made all my points, which were all valid.
now we’ve got 5 hours left to drive and no one’s talking.
i can’t see this happening ever.
immigrant laborers hired to delete spam
like an idiot, i lied and said i was almost home.
it all started at the gym when i almost passed out.
disturbing fast food truth not exactly a game-changer for impoverished single mom of 3
kenneth starr orders lbj exhumed for investigation of possible sexual impropriety
she followed that up with: "*there will be hard feelings btw"* that hit me pretty hard.
-hits me up multiply times a day asking for it.
aita for being offended at my wife of now 27 years wife and i just celebrated 27 years of marriage last week.
he also had a one night stand with a girl from a bar.
we agreed upon monogamy and started our relationship.
voter just needs to know which candidate chops wood in a flannel shirt
right now we could live on either one of our incomes but if she takes a pay cut and i am downsized (which has happened) we would be in a bind.
when i sign up for a class with a professor i haven't had before, i at least, do a basic google search to check sites like ratemyprofessor.com so i likely would have at least glanced at his instagram.
i(24f) tend to do this when meeting new people i find attractive.
and they didn't really hit it off too well...
enter girl number 2, let's call her katy.
one day while we are waiting for our science teacher to arrive we soon figure out that no one did the homework at all, except for me.
neither of us hurt the kids or each other.
report: you're far too dumb to be reading the mueller report yourself
i texted him a huge message over chrismas and he just replied "thanks you too" essentially.
it's not because he's younger than me.
he's mentioned to me that he wants to be really good at the game and win a bunch of games.
this was the part where he called me a racist.
i was additionally under the impression that we were going to room together again our junior year next year (which is still the plan to my knowledge), so by selling it to them we wouldn't have two of everything.
woman wearing jacket indulging in forbidden pleasure of having pockets
he wanted to prove his might and make me move over, and i didn't like being tailgated.
so my soon to be son in law was severely injured a week ago.
death row inmate dies of natural causes 3 days into execution
i don't think i explained this well.
aita for stating to an ex-friend that i'm not disposable or a means to pass time by?
having no idea what he looked i googled and found his instagram.
she is math and econ and works with pricing at a large company.
i was at the point, where i considered sleeping outside, because it would actually let me sleep.
at first, i assumed this was because he found me unattractive, and whenever i asked him why he wouldn't want to do anything sexual, he said he just wasn't interested.
i met kendra through bill, our mutual friend who moved away.
i was on whisper and someone posted "i'm in a wheelchair, ask me anything." and i posted "would you describe yourself as a stand up individual?" she told me that it was harassment.
they said that my dog had been going onto their property.this was actually really bad timing because it was my son's birthday.
he says no but still keeps kissing me and touching me, so i try one last time and he's face gets this sad look and his eyes begin to water.
he asked if i wanted to come to, and being comfy and under the impression he was just going to go eat in a chair and probably continue watching videos on his phone (as he'd been doing for hours) said i'd stay where i was.
while we were still broken up, she wrote me a love letter telling me exactly how she felt, why she wanted me back in her life, and what she would do to change what had happened in causing us to break up.
aight, so i am in my second year of college and lived last semester in a double room with what i thought was a close friend.
they didn't tell our even speak to her family in nebraska and iowa, her dad's side doesn't know that happened.
kremlin agent not even going to bother trying to compromise trump staffer who will be forced to resign in few months
**tl,dr:** friend dates one of my girlfriends, repeatedly cheats on her, they break up, i'm still on good terms with him even though he hurt my friend.
after the party she asked me to hang out again soon, i didn’t notice, but she did this as she pulled me to the side.
twitch streamer sets new record for longest stream lying dead on camera
q forced to resign from department of agriculture for improper filing of expense reports
after enough nights of lost sleep i went to his house to try and see if there was any way to keep them quiet.
'my parents hit me,' says bored 8-year-old trying to get reaction from dinner party guests
man wearing sunglasses upside down on back of head still recovering from paul walker's death
man arrested for stealing more than $50,000 in beards from hank williams, jr.
i have problems with my temper so may have said this quite loudly.) and that’s where the dad starts, totally inappropriately “(wife) has worked bloody hard to make this right for you, sorry but i don’t think you can sit there and complain when she’s trying to make you feel welcome in a foreign country.” at that point i was done.
i've been thinking my parents sent me here for a reason but i can't see much of any, so i just keep trolling...does this make me a bad person?
bday friend feels like i cancelled last-minute and that i didn't even try to come.
so, the real point of this post.
she said that nothing is wrong, that's just her face.
i'm aware my social skills are poor due to social anxiety, but i'm not a monster - barely anyone came up to talk to me and when they did, we had a friendly conversation to the point where they said i was "so sweet." it didn't help that the other models made it very clear they were not fond of me and were making fun of me.
ancient melanesian masks thundered past to get to star wars exhibit
he says now he feels awkward around her.
osha special ops team raids local office after receiving intel on expired fire extinguisher
bill clinton starts own presidential school
now she's coming back and asking for favors?
i, being the idiot that i am, brought up how the wsj was trying to make pewdiepie look like a nazi.
to me it was pretty clear that it was not serious, and at most a hookup, since i never said any of that feely shit, since i generally don't like talking to girls i hook up with afterwards, unless i know them well.
she doesn't really guilt me over being the reason she moved, but she does bring it up sometimes.
she got really upset after that.
for example, in a live game, you can ask someone "are you mafia?" while this seems like a stupid question to ask because everyone would answer "no," the best players can deduce the affiliation of the responder based on their behavior when answering.
i thought i'd bring it here too see if i'm really an asshole.
edit 1: just to say, im not expecting him to pay for it all.
the manager asks my niece and nephew to describe the nurse.
dude: (3:51pm) hey “op’s g” i need to send something today if there’s any chance i can swing by and grab a bag of that be some awesome i think.
cat who seems a little grumpy today dying of esophageal cancer
this has again somehow fallen back to me being a controlling narcissist.
i know it's just a dessert, but it feels to me like she's constantly disrespecting my efforts.
the hours i work are usually when the manager leaves, or it's the weekend and it's busy enough to warrant needing people like me and the manager to work at the same time.
i go to collect her for filming and then she just decides that "i don't want to".
area man committed to being spicy food guy
i'm guessing the owner threw out food for all the dogs and he had to fight for his food.
are we the ass holes for treating it like a professional game of pool when we’re just shooting around at a hole in the wall bar?
hillary clinton assured drop in polls just indication people haven't abandoned ideals yet
crayola ceo presents jarringly ambitious 5-year plan at annual shareholders meeting
cnn headline news reporter unafraid to face the cold, hard factoids
&#x200b; so am i the asshole?
she also asked me to come to her house.
the consultation ended and i went straight to the staff, quite emotional.
a guy i work with is special needs.
we ended up with similar friends in custom matches where he refuses to unmute me whenever he has a problem, he refuses to communicate anything.
'underground railroad' carries slaves from brooklyn to manhattan
area loser blissfully unaffected by whims of stock market
he then told his dad that he didn’t like k and his dad told a friend of his (that is also a real estate agent) to text my boyfriend.
i originally said yes i would go, but then she had to change the date of the appointment to a day where i had to work.
when i first moved in, i had to travel very far from where i lived with no job set up and a couple hundred in savings.
i came down and brought her some chocolate i had bought because i felt sorry for her.
we all had a flirty, fun convo with them for maybe 10-15 minutes.
i take everyone's order and pay for a round of cocktails, since its a pay as you go type of system, and walk the tray of drinks back to the table.
i notice a pretty jacked dude getting setup for his bench presses, which is right next to my bench.
at this time, it seems pretty certain still that that person would lose, but mac believed there was a small chance that he could survive until the game time ran out and draw.
firstly backround: so me and my gf have been dating for over 3 years now and i would say we have a pretty strong relationship.
world health organization adds gunfire, explosions to list of natural causes of death
i got .087 so i was above the legal limit barely.
one day that fighting turned physical and i with all the adrenaline rushing through me kissed nicole.
ex-wife’s oldest son (os) got his license about six months ago and ever since, he and stepdaughter have taken to driving around and stopping by our house randomly.
​report: all standing between trump and presidency is nation that made him billionaire celebrity
around valentines day i get a message from a mutual friend of ours asking me if i had sent her gifts.
i could get up and buy my own food, but i’m too weak and i’ll probably break down in the supermarket bc i hate being around people.
he says he's not ready to be serious yet which i'm okay with because neither am i.
i got heavily down voted and i don't know if im in the wrong here.
(not memory loss or anything, i just think we get too into it.) a couple of days ago she asked me to run into wal-mart to pick up some crocheting needles, which were very specific.
bored j.b. pritzker brainstorming new hobbies to blow money on after winning election
sight of 400 war elephants on horizon marks hillary clinton's arrival in swing state
needless to say she doesn't know that side of me, until recently.
she works an office job, i am not doing anything at the moment (depression like i said) but i 100% pay my own way through my parents.
i explained the confusions, misconceptions, and the mistake of l in forwarding what was supposed to be a private conversation to m.
but here are the things i hate about her: \- she is completely dependent on her parents: she lived with them a year ago until they bought her a house and moved her into it.
flood of cheap afghan heroin to arrive just in time for recession
bush dies peacefully in his sleep
at this point i'm pretty stressed out, but then my dad realizes that i have chips and asks for some, to which i don't say anything because i want to keep my chips, but i know that my brother will start arguing with me if i say no.
wibta if i said don't go?
not the dogs fault they don't know any better.
i had girlfriends in high school but it was sort of a detached relationship and i ghosted them after i graduated.
i don't want to have my seatbelt unbuckled and then all of a sudden smack my damn skull on the ceiling of the plane.
frustrated gunman can't believe how far he has to drive to find nearest planned parenthood clinic
i’m not so concerned about this specific situation, because it seems very unlikely that he was harmed by it, and i have pretty good reason to think he’s not upset with me, but i’m worried that it was immoral for me to have sex with someone who couldn’t consent in a good state of mind.
one of them was harmless, but one that i mentioned was how exec laundered money.
americans pool together $945.23 to counteract corporate money's influence in politics
maybe a month ago i met this guy on tinder.
please feel free to give any insight about this so maybe i can try to communicate with b better.
so around christmas fiancé started exhibiting all the behaviors that my ex did.
nation's schools to ensure bullied transgender students hide in stalls of bathrooms corresponding to biological sex
she told us these were due friday, and that we would have a substitute on that thursday.
i also don't want to limit myself to looking for work near her because there's not as much there, so i'm looking around back home.
as i said before, i \*do not\* have time for unnecessary rudeness, bullshit, or drama.
i only realised after someone hinted about it in the general chat, saying there would be team activities later for some people, "you know who you are", nod wink.
by this point i'm finished pretending, i don't want to sit around chatting and acting happy around people that are just so full of shit in the first place.
is this point really that hard to understand?
rudy giuliani adds more planes, towers with each subsequent retelling of 9/11
why do i always get friendzoned?
prescription label recommends just taking more and more until something kicks in
border wall prototype clearly designed by yayoi kusama
i yelled at onyx to let me through(i wanted to go to my bedroom to calm down but my sleeping room is next to the bathroom.
management consultant to consult with management
i was at a friend’s mother’s wake service not too long ago.
i realized a couple minutes in that i should probably text my sister (the one picking me up) what was holding me up, but that was of course the moment they finally called me up to desk.
i took it pretty hard, since she's really nice and pretty.
&#x200b; so last night i tried to initiate again and was hit with the classic "sorry, i'm really not in the mood." we haven't had sex in three weeks and hearing that really struck a nerve.
trump reassures struggling farmers he has never seen one of them and cannot be sure they even exist
she'd been going round his place most nights and take free drugs from him and he'd coerce (not force) her into sleeping with him, which went on for at least a couple weeks about a month or two before we met.
congress relieved to admit it's not going to accomplish anything this year
exit from apartment delayed 20 seconds to avoid pleasantries with neighbor
he was shocked as well since she was a preety nice girl and we'd never expect something like this from her.
that was it, i responded with glad to hear (essentially), and how i value our friendship.
aita for resenting my wife for gaining weight?
i photoshopped a few pictures of me and her to include him etc and wrote down a few stories just in case the old bitch decides to partially get her memory back all of a sudden.
i told her in the past i'm comfortable with meeting publicly with exes so long as i am present and things are respectable, etc.
report: shame of walking out without buying anything drives 90% of purchases at small businesses
they also wrote that i want everyone to be vegan (misunderstanding an older conversation we had), forcing it on everyone.
we go to the park / woods to take a walk.
supreme court agrees to disagree on abortion issue
shes everything i wish i had in me, just a wonderful person, not awful like me.
long story short, the drink ends up all over my laptop.
relieved scott walker narrowly avoids acknowledging immigrants' humanity during campaign speech
area man has asshole, old navy written all over him
i asked her if it was alright if i hired a stripper, and with her being in on the prank she responds with "that's fine as long as it doesn't go any further than a lap dance!" party comes around (threw it at my place) and the strippers come over.
there is so much going on right now and i’m uncomfortable knowing that she’s with this guy all the time rather than looking for a house for us or spending time building onto her resume for the new job, or spending times with us.
i've tried numerous times to talk to him to get to the root of what exactly is stressing him out and why he took up smoking again - because we've both been under the same stress for the last two years and he managed to not smoke that whole time; in fact, for awhile he was working out daily and that seemed to be working as his outlet.
obama supporter has perfectly improbable explanation absolving president from blame for scandals
as an added motivation to keep this trend, she said that doing so she has the chance to see friends that live in her area that she doesn't see much more often, despite the fact that she can meet them during the weekdays, and that this year only she has already planned three vacations (for a total of 15 days) exclusively with her friends, without involving me.
georgia school board bans 'theory of math'
study: americans enjoy watching tv, eating
first date in six months to be last date in six years
he "doesn't fucking care" and says since he put his blinkers on first he claimed the space and that i should move before there's trouble.
unwatched netflix dvd stares at area man with single unblinking eye
man can name all parts of the vagina
man listening to 'highway to hell' actually on parkway to waukegan
i forgave them for the most part, but this isn’t the first time the program has had to apologize to me for prematurely blowing up on me.
chicago public schools celebrate fifth straight day without any student violence
pretty soon i have my hand under her top.
i asked the person that if they are going to label me then label me with a term i wish to be identified with.
maybelline introduces line of injectable makeup to enhance appearance of internal organs
milosevic confesses to crimes against subhumanity
aita for picking anti-feminism as my speech topic in an english assessment causing my feminist teacher to become bias.
american medical association introduces new highly effective placebo doctors
throwaway because knowing my luck people will see this.
i know, that the correct thing to do is to break it off, but shes the one person ive been able to truly be myself around.
i said i had some issues to soften the blow, since i basically told her, and intended to mean that i don't really ever want to talk to her again, even though i'm doing great.
melania idly wonders if she would get heads-up about nuclear missile headed toward new york
friend who not into dogfighting really ruining match for everyone else
she should have expected at least the tinsiest bit of hesitation when she asked, which is really all that happened.
i reiterated that we weren't, that it was staying there for when he visits.
the thing is: my grandmother loved it.
nato airstrike destroys key taliban day care center
u.s. invades non-oil-rich nation to dispel criticism
he was the one who really wanted to finger me.
i walk up to a bit of a line for checking out.
my sil did all of the electrical.
area man's got a ton of shit on his mind right now, okay?
i just wish his past would stay dead.
bacon good for you, reports best scientist ever
you shouldn’t be telling people how to play.
but for whatever reason she’s not into penetration.
i said she should do what she wants but just know that men do not like those things, and won't want to be there.
my friends had reciprocated with similar sort of scavenger hunts, etc.
i (f, late 20s) have been friends with this guy, let's call him dick, for 13 years, he's one of my best friends and we regularly hang out as we're both in the same circle of friends.
at this point, this is the only thing that has let them become self-aware after many years.
little things, but there are many more.
senator honored for work with overprivileged americans
man realizes he has no interests
child therapist excited to actually be seeing patient with psychological issues
bush to iraqi militants: 'please stop bringing it on'
she said there was something important she wanted to tell me before we continued.
during this time people i know had started charity drives and every year i have not been able to afford to donate.
coachella unveils premium vip areas where fans will be able to see, hear bands
area twitter user guesses he could muster up 140 more characters about the master race
he keeps jars and bottles of unidentifiable fermented liquids throughout his side of the kitchen.
city of boston erects new plaque commemorating spot where ben affleck will die
man has story for every stain on pants
i called cps and they conducted an investigation.
in his opinion i should forgive him because of the situation he was in, and because he had forgiven me for things i said in the past too.
my boyfriend has told me that is an unrealistic expectation and i have responded by telling him that those are my expectations and that is what i want in a relationship.
i have two nephews who are six and four.
but then one of my cousins tricks him into going back into the house by saying that there's a game for him inside (which is kinda shitty imo).
as i was leaving her room that night, she was the one to lean in first.
fec extends election by 7 months to give nation chance to better get to know candidates
lester holt begins debate by reiterating he doesn't know who these fucking people are
my mother was a drug dealer and addict who started out with weed, but moved to major drugs.
so we where talking and he said he might get back together with her and i said “ don’t, she asked me out just yesterday” and it worked.
study finds majority of u.s. currency has touched financial executive's nude body
today we got to know that it will most likely be a girl.
okay, so, when i was first deciding to go there in the summer, i invited my best friend to come with me.
i told them, it's not about apologizing foe everything you think i *might* misinterpret.
edit2: john is my immediate superior and one of the joint owners which makes him the third highest ranking person.
so i'm here feeling like the asshole every time for screaming at her for screaming at her husband, since you shouldn't yell back at your parents and shit, but, i don't really know anymore.
a year into our relationship, after a few months of little to no sexual contact, my boyfriend stopped wanting sex at all.
so one day, out of boredom, i look this girl up on facebook.
gerrymandering mishap leaves nation without any borders whatsoever
now our classes are 90 minutes and i'm thinking about this whole time.
aita michael rappaport vs instagram reminds me of this...i got banned from a bbs because an asshole thought a medical term was a racial slur.
i am one of the three that won.
he told me he would do it later.
generally were really happy and i feel blessed to be with such an easy-going and kind hearted girl.
jeb bush assures pipe-wielding thugs he'll have the delegates he promised them by next week
i talked with my pastor and he said that it's sin and he should enter consoling but my husband won't do it and said i shouldn't have told anyone about what he was doing.
we would roast each other and stuff.
today my sister sent me a screenshot from my moms phone who was recieving this text from my aunt (they're sisters): &#x200b; "u know since () set this whole thing up she says nothing really to anyone other that she is going.
the other 9 people are my close friends and there's sort of a spectrum of "well everyone was drunk and nothing really happened" to "i can never trust you again and want you to leave." it's 6:10am as a i write this and i need to make a decision whether i should just leave for the benefit of the group or if i should try to make the best of it.
i don’t pry into his weight and i’ll even leave the bathroom when he tries out the scale..
he also said that he talked to r and n about m, and that they agreed she should be added.
fast forward to now; i know he still doesn’t pay taxes and he hasn’t filed for the past three years, and i know eventually he’s going to be audited.
i want to cry at times knowing that i’m such a horrible person to make him feel this way, and for something i don’t truly understand.
he always saw me as a threat to their relationship in the past.
shes never had a job and is a student in the same university as me.
aita for lying to my friend so he doesn’t get back with his ex so i’m going to make this as short as possible.
later on that day, my dad was furious with me for not "supporting my mother" during this grievance.
aita for blowing up after being told i won't listen to a girl when she says no?
junior building inspector closes down tree house
taco bell's five ingredients combined in totally new way
everyone in the suite could hear me, but it was obviously directed to one person.
her response was "ill just tell her that i have to leave at 8" essentially, by taking the extra shift today, she moved our plans forward an hour and a half.
i know that some of those might have been dick moves, but i only mean them as a way to poke fun at our complicated family situation.
she tells me i was childish for asking her when she would get it, i say i didn't want to be left in suspense.
we get to talk, we enjoy our time together, create a friendship and exchange contact information to stay in touch while i was back home.
wary michael jackson hologram just trying to keep low profile
it also turned out she is going for a student exchange starting in february.
shitty museum doesn't even have a mona lisa
while the streamer saw my post and asked what was going on.
'hot 'n' nasty butt cum chixx' to appear as 'creative concepts' on credit-card bill
i may have also crossed the line in the heat of the moment by calling my best friend my soul mate, as i was just trying to articulate how much i love her as it does goes beyond just being a best friend.
i try being more distant and it’s not working because she keeps worrying about me.
report: more americans putting off retirement until final few moments before death
aita for kicking a girl out of my car and leaving her on the side of the road?
lizard planning to bite new owner first chance it gets
it got to the point that when i said i would work on a part, they would do it themselves if i didn’t get it done in a couple of days (we usually had a couple weeks for each one).
i think it will come in handy in a few years.
he's sitting right next to me.
throughout the argument, i kept saying that it was possible that i'm not right, but i felt pretty sure.
ernie & i were friends before and have only been seeing each other for almost a year.
i am also the top earner in our business.
hardee's introduces shame curtains for customers to eat behind
i'm visiting with my parents for a month.
fourth-grade teacher receives dark portent of coming storm from gnarled, haggard third-grade teacher
he had a veryyyyyyyyyyyyy long talk with my mother about this matter and they ultimately ended up having an agreement.
i'll jump at the enemies throat.
aita for coming home late when my child was sick?
&#x200b; her: i don't want to talk to you.
since his friends were also there, i taught them too.
so i will first specify that i am still in high school and attend a vocational high school, and at this school every single student is supplied with an ipad.
he completely threw the rug underneath me at the end of last month and said he was going to sign the lease for another year.
man would rather annoy small group of friends than bunch of strangers at party
he saw a new psych on friday who said his 2 anti depressants may have been somehow making his lows even lower.
i worked so hard at our studio and now we have our other family.
a few days ago he told me he was going to be in town this week, and we've both expressed how much we are looking forward to seeing each other.
(probably a bit spiteful but i was annoyed at this point) subject was changed and we went along with our day.
my family chose their religion over me and none of them even thought about me.
am i a total jerk for being annoyed about this?
i tell them that’s not going to happen.
at last they dismissed us and told us to finish at home despite not helping whatsoever.
mar-a-lago staff apologizes for letting in guest they just assumed was high-powered lobbyist trying to buy influence
pope cleans up dead angel who flew into sistine chapel window
my headphones/earbuds don't even come close to the quality of them.
i also said “zara this is mental”.
treasure hunters discover wreck of 18th-century carnival cruise ship
she says maybe my brother (who lives with her) can.
woman apparently wants to smell edible
but like i said, she hasn't spoken to me since sunday and it's thursday morning, so i am looking for an objective opinion: am i the asshole for not giving her tamale money, or does she need to realize that she can't keep mooching off people just because she's in debt?
vincent harasses me one last time in social media and then i never see him again for 3 years.
this pays for gas and food while i go to college.
aita for staying with my gf i met my now gf through a mutual friend on this friends birthday.
census adds question asking participants to identify any unpatriotic neighbor
i have two brothers, and i have always had platonic male friends.
every conceivable nook in car stuffed with trash by second hour of road trip
shit, guy in front of you ordering for entire construction crew
man getting screwed by company's $180,000 health deductible
aita for throwing rocks on the lake with a friend we were down by a lake that’s “private” property but everybody’s cool over there, and i know some of the people there cause i’ve been there so much, but a few days ago this guy called us assholes and told us to get the fuck out, pulling out his phone to call the cops
so today is when it all hit me.
though the problem is that half her family doesn't know about her daughter, they kept it quiet.
i called the school multiple times, my ex wife even threatened a law suit against them.
he still has his part time job.
while he is on top of me grinding me i interrupt “i gotta wake up early tomorrow.” “okay what you mean then?” “i gotta be up early....” “what does that mean?” “maybe you should go home” “wow i came all the way out here when i could’ve been with my boys” i laughed a bit just because it was crazy.
secret santa seems to think you a big 'laverne & shirley' fan
however, they all have very different opinions.
she said she didnt want to report the issue until she was ready.
like making a art project and showing your best friends, if they just say eh who cares it hurts.
moving forward to september, i get a text from emily asking if i’m doing anything that night.
almost no effort made to stop kid from eating cigarette butt
aita for wanting my girlfriend to have a bigger butt been with my girlfriend for about two years.
from there i sat on the other end of a divider at a regular computer and waited for an hour and a half, afterwards i approached her again and asked her if she was close to finishing.
concert security guard would willingly give his life to protect coldplay
aita for making a new instagram account?
and my boyfriend already believes the bird dead so what would anyone gain from knowing my cat did it??
i'm upset that they're not communicating with me directly and i can only go on second-hand information, and he thinks i'm overreacting.
i don't wanna get too deep into it but basically there has been cases where domestic violence was definitely involved.
he helps clean which i'm extremely grateful for and he says he's been looking for jobs but none has called back.
if any additional context is needed let me know.
he basically said no, they weren't serious.
anyway lisa doesn’t know that anna and i used to hookup so she shouldn’t have any reason to feel insecure.
journalist wondering where to mention getting yelled at by u.s. president in article
my bank account is also hurting, so the trade of high quality food for low is weighing on me too.
and i personally felt kind of played.
yeah i know it's not clean to always wash your hands after pissing but i know my dick is clean and if anything i should wash my dick after pissing because my hands are totally dirtier and i have to touch that, right?
his ex said this was controlling behaviour and completely unreasonable.
i've personally been published eight times and have paid a total of like $100 to submit everything and have not seen a cent back (though now it's on my resume, in my author's bio, and it's valuable experience).
4) i had a mix of fans from both teams around me, including some friends.
my parents fucked up their 2 sons and i'm not going to allow them to influence my sons in any way.
she said before that she wants to wait a few months to have sex but then she’ll go and mess around with me so i don’t think she’s sure.
i don't want to bring this conversation up with her again, but next time she wants to share her hobby interest, i'd like to not come off as an asshole to her.
she told my dad to 'fuck off', went upstairs and we left the next morning to awkward goodbyes.
need for coffee overrides scalding sensation
am i the asshole here or is she?
and there's no way i would let scruffy leave this world without someone he loves with him, i just think it should be me instead of my mom.
coalition of concerned parents condemns video games' false depiction of how easy it is to smash wooden crates
i thought everything was pretty okay between us, but she thinks we should go to pre-marital (pre-engagement?) counseling and the division of labor needs to change over a serious sit down conversation.
however, it galls me that i'm being asked to send condolences to someone who thinks he is better than me.
but there is one slight problem.
so i just say again 'well sweetie do what is best for you, i can't make a decision for myself right now' which is the truth.
college administrators hold candlelight vigil to honor donor lost in mishandled rape case
now i met kyle about a month ago so we didn't know each other too too well but we were still pretty good friends.
i tell him i'm not moving and i point out that there is someone else pulling out a few spots down.
a few weeks ago my wife and i took a vacation for a week at las vegas and booked a room at a hotel on the strip.
i do go to my parents house to do laundry once a week or so.
we weren't using any back-up protection, but i researched the pill as over 99% effective and, as a young woman in university and in no place to have a baby, expected she would be taking it properly.
even though 3yrs have passed since then i still feel guilty about it .
him: well that's not how rules work.
nintendo reveals 'smash bros. ultimate' will allow characters to repeatedly punch self in face to freak out opponent
aita for calling out my girlfriends double standards i've been with my girlfriend for about 4 years now and we've been living together in our house for about 18 months, we lived together for about 6 months or so before buying a house together.
i also know other women within my outer friend circle he had slept with, and mutual friends have told me he has women he sees frequently in destinations he visits for work.
i got reamed out tonight that i didn’t come today to “take care of and cuddle her.” she mostly sleeps and can’t talk currently.
it gives me a better feel of what i should be aware of.
i need to get it straight that i loved her _a lot_.
threw up several times this-morning, lethargic, won't eat dinner, acting weird and overly affectionate.
wibta for posing as a customer to put a complaint in about my coworker?
like theres no names on who from.
that stung, as you can imagine, and i’m hoping (praying) she was just talking out of anger.
we go to dinner with some of her friends, have some laughs, eat decent food.
they think they're very close to me but actually i've been lying to them whenever i wanted to avoid them.
he went to bed and then work.
i am freaking the hell out because i don't want her to go.
so we started chatting a lot, and after a day or two it turned into every day.
tearful elon musk warns about dangers of ai after having heart broken by beautiful robotrix
i texted becky to tell her i wasnt going to be able to go.
fashion industry pretends to care about plus-size models
me: i might gf: i think you should.
mayor daley's son appointed head of illinois nepotist party
he agreed that it would be difficult and decided to decline the invitation.
boehner resignation leaves massive leadership vacuum in congress intact
he then apologizes to my mom and she looks at me and says is "oh, you still haven't told him?" to which i finally reveal it was a joke and that my step dad was fine since day 2.
we also took a mini vacation together.) i always stressed that we were friends and nothing more.
romney appeals to hispanic voters for return of watch he left on dresser
the subject turns to the media and journalists.
despite me driving the truck for 4 years, putting gas on it and covering maintenance, the title of the truck is still under my parent's name.
sweating, shaking pharmaceutical ceo says he can stop profiting off opioid epidemic anytime he wants
child visiting ellis island sees where grandparents once toured
i don't think i was rude, i didn't say anything bad, all i said was i'll go to riteaid instead.
i want his punishment to be that he is a crappy human being forever.
edit- they do not know that i was originally going to make it all from scratch but am now doing box version and only one dessert.
is it a dick move to let these things get to me?
terrible artist thinks latest piece really represents a culmination of everything he's been working toward all his life
her crying is breaking my heart!’ a woman from across the play area, started walking towards me and smiled and said ‘i’m her childminder’ me: ‘why are you ignoring her then!
i am acting on my own devices and she should not be held accountable for anything that i say.
i said i recognised she was really trying and was often trying to solo coach the entire team, but i would just rather she say nothing at all than say things that just frustrated me.
i thought this was kind of silly and argued against it.
those with sos generally bring them along once the relationship starts getting off the ground, which i am lead to believe is generally the norm.
on his last day, his pay from work came through so i waited for him to ask my bank details so he could transfer money over.
laid-off zoologist goes on tranquilizing rampage
i feel guilty now, for yelling at her and grounding her, because i feel she does have a point—she’s far from being a child.
lame cyberattack on atlanta doesn't even turn atms, street sweepers into killing machines
a little while later i moved 4 hours away from my home town to go to college, and since i was with an ex who had a car and public transport was pretty good i decided not to bring my car.
he gets a little flustered when i say this.
billy joel has billy joel's disease
if it had become a regular thing, it would have probably fallen into the "special item" category.
so i full on acknowledge i'm an idiot, but am i an asshole?
i didn't know this, but she definitely did.
park rangers lance old faithful in effort to pop clogged, inflamed geyser
he went on a study abroad to china when he was in college, and tried dog when he was there.
i also suggested she go to school and i take care of us financially while she does.
don't get me wrong, engineering is great and everything, but compared to medicine, i really can't see a relationship working between the two of them.
after all this my science class gets a substitute for the rest of the term and the substitute is the other feminist teacher in our school who is quite high up in power and she seems to do similar things to my english teacher and tells me off for no reason at all and will keep shouting at me.
ups guy hasn't heard a doorbell like that one in a while
as far as i know he still has all three friend codes and could send one to my account and play it that way but he refuses to do that.
i also told him maybe he could just work on it with my second friend and be a co-owner or something.
researchers find decline in facebook use could be directly linked to desire to be happy, fully functioning person
eric cantor tossed by bucking mitch mcconnell during congressional rodeo
she is the strongest, most powerful woman i've ever met.
sure, she was there for me, but all she did was listen and tell me "i don't know what to say..." every time i talked to her about my memories.
she quickly gave it up the next day.
in the end me and my girlfriend came to the agreement that the baby be born but that i would be a single parent since she did not want to have a baby this young.
aita for not wanting to be part of a work rpogram i was forced into and finding every excuse to not go?
i told her that i don't use it often and that if anything, i only refer to a situation as "retarded." that i would never just drop that word aloud, in public or anything.
newborn soothed by familiar sound of parents' bickering
10-year-old shocked woman from 'guinness book' who can pop her eyes out not a millionaire
aita for telling my son we would talk about him taking his piano home even though my wife and i had already decided he wouldn't?
jeb bush campaign kicks off 3-state farewell tour with iowa town hall meeting
black man in support of confederate flag triples his media appearance rates
due to the timing of her flight i would miss most of the game if i picked her up.
after one realizes methadone clinic nearby, behavior around city block makes sense
i thank him and drive home to get my id.
i worked on my car until 9:59 when i turned my system off.
i went to china and had a great time with my fiance, i was trying to ignore and only do small talk with everybody who texted me from back home, including my aunt.
new apple ceo tim cook: 'i'm thinking printers'
anyways, my coworker and i have gotten closer over the last few months.
frustrated rahm emanuel torn between addressing chicago's shootings, just fucking going for nation's murder capital
maybe next year i'll visit for a week and stay with friends.
since the class was full of women \*who have children, sometimes full-grown high school-aged children\*, i just did not think there would be any kind of drama.
they waited until marriage for sex.
campbell's unveils new tomato soup humidifier
eventually she remembers the wall mount conversation and asks if i want to go in on half of it with her.
cannon overshoots tim kaine across wells fargo center
so, i met this girl, cindy about a month ago, and we've been flirting for quite sometime.
i was driving on a very long, straight highway for a very long time.
i ended up not responding to the message at all, partly due to indecision, partly because i just forgot about it.
panicked donald trump jr. tries to cover up contact with wikileaks by deleting firefox icon from desktop
but i still wanted revenge, *i honestly just wanted to get back at her, hard.* and then i hit a gold mine.
iowa aims to keep young people from moving out of state with new 'the stress will kill your mother' retention campaign
when we get into an argument, i will occasionally turn this into an argument point and he is quite affected by it and will instantly apologize.
her post went on to vent about how people are so ignorant.
well , it wasn't the first time my big mouth has gotten me into trouble.
i’m not religious, but if she’s up there watching me, i want her to know that i think of her as more than an entity that means nothing.
aita for not telling my friend that a mutual friend showed me her nudes?
i shrugged again, and called his bluff for a second time.
but, aita for taking more time than i need in the stall when i know there’s people that genuinely need to use it?
i might be feeling oversensitive but if i call you my friend i'm expecting mutual respect for one another and a bit of consideration about personal situations.
at the next stop a woman gets on and sits next to me.
i told him we would feel bad leaving the dog alone at home, when it's alone most of the week, when we're working.
beforehand, my girlfriend had occupied so much of my time, we'd talk 6-8 hours a day and had led me losing any of my close friends.
its because my brother does heating and air and lots of time he won't get home till 7 or 8pm.
as far as i can tell only the bass permeates my room.
and right there she says "no.
olympic skier stares down icy, forbidding slope of rest of life
romney stands behind ryan to show good campaigning stance
new hampshire legislature passes bill naming fentanyl state opiate
things i didnt care about before are becoming apparent, namely how she performs sexually.
the other was abandon with an ex who couldn't have pets at their residence.
disgruntled bolton shoots 17 un delegates, self
you come at her like you want to be boyfriend/girlfriend instead of seeing if she's dtf literally all i said was "[friend] said you liked me.
i said right there that i couldn't reciprocate and it was all on him whether he wanted to suck me or not 2.
reports of movie being good reach area man
chipper coworker must have eaten breakfast like some big shot
am i an asshole for planning that date?
i didn’t tell this last point to him, but he still went on about how i’ve hurt him, and i can’t see everything the way she can, but i know her closer than i know my sister, and d has never met m.
but the damage was already done and she had already told my girlfriend.
bangladesh factory owners vow to change nothing so that this happens again
this last year i made an effort to care about what i wear and what i eat, and i'm proud of the results.
exasperated shark can't believe it traveled 3 miles for single drop of blood
they are highly apathetic to anything that doesn't immediately concern them.
dad wearing some new kind of headphones that wrap over, under, around ears
saudis insist missing journalist was already dismembered before he left consulate
but there was a car in my blind spot i failed to identify and almost caused an accident.
however, those who think annie wants me are just wrong.
i do believe in equal rights and treating people fairly.
aita for using aita to make my partner aware that they are in fact an a?
we went back and forth a little bit and i said i think it’s bullshit i’d have to pay my son’s grandmother to help out taking care of him while his dads deployed and i thought that was the whole point of her going up there.
the two of us live together, and beyond being a couple, we're best friends.
since the concert is at 8 on a friday and my girlfriend works until 4, i knew she would not be able to make the drive up and to the concert on time.
as a side note there is another party on the 29th that he’s already told me he is attending.
my dad, meanwhile, is a well-off lawyer.
i want them to know it, because i don't know how long i can boil my emotions without having a breakdown.
i think they can just get a basement suite somewhere if they’re going to be so loud.
fast forward to last night and she's sounding out some ideas to me via text.
&#x200b; this is when it started, no longer theoretically being in moderation by me, she was free to do as she wished.
you woke my fucking kid up.
we have reached a healthy compromise, and i want to try to continue our fractured relationship, and try to fix it.
the next day my friend at my university is throwing a party so i invite emily.
year of law school now mandatory for nation's 25-year-olds
about six months ago, new tenants moved in directly above our apartment and it has been a nightmare for us ever since.
freak accident paralyzes man from waist up
jakob dylan still not convinced father a better songwriter
tonight we were invited to go to a friend's house and my so mentioned they didn't really want to go for very long.
row of asterisks spices up otherwise ordinary e-mail
this was less about presents i realize now my mistake.
i'm not trying to be mean to you.
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
yes my final is important but i am looking more broadly at my schedule.
i agreed, but i said the exact opposite of what she said.
i also might have locked myself in the bathroom and starting punching myself to get the anger out (a bad habit of mine) but i managed to convince my family i was punching the wall.
faa assures public: air travel 'pretty safe'
then i said to her that she's insane and that i don't need to talk to such unstable people and that she needs some serious help because i'm not a punching bag to consult her problems even if i suffer, after which i blocked her on everything.
aita for not apologizing to my girlfriend for misinterpreting her words my girlfriend and i seem to be at a cross roads with this and i am not sure if ita or just losing my mind.
dad's tough exterior hides angry, resentful center
he got upset and said he only wanted to share an activity with me and feels bad that i’m more okay with spending time with my ex than i am with him and that i act very cliquey.
okay so i’ve taken my son (2indec) to a soft play area near me, i’m doing the usual walking round following his lead as he’s so excited and wants to play with everything all at once, on the first round i noticed a little girl (quite obviously about 6 months younger than my son) standing around crying, looking lost, scared and confused.
aita for then demanding she learn to live on her own first before i move in with her?
reddit, please tell me whether i am the asshole.
nurse to grab lunch right after she finishes draining bile from man's liver
i messaged them again not too long ago politely asking for a refund and proposing i send the tickets back, explaining the circumstance, but they left me unread.
we had a great conversation and they were so cute.
i (23f) have been dating my boyfriend (24m) for almost six months.
in major gaffe, obama forgets to dumb it down
man on gurney has brief word with protagonist before entering ambulance
&#x200b; i argued that letting close friends sleep on my couch, regardless of gender is something that i've done in the past many times and she's was okay with that, but this situation is different because she doesn't like that specific friend.
for the past month shes been receiving womens panties from a highschool classmate who had a crush on her.
i also potty trained him and taught him tricks.
nbc unveils on screen graphic informing audience they are watching football
new poll finds millennials far more likely to politically identify as feudalists than previous generations
producer tells actress non-disclosure agreement pretty standard for getting away with abusing his power
i have been eating a paleo diet for about 4 months now and we both tend to eat similarly in this sense, but she does not always have the same ideas that i do about food.
aita for giving her a bad evaluation?
i believe that any woman i am with should ask me out equally as often as i do her.** **d) i believed, wrongly apparently, that we were further along in our relationship and didn't need to schedule time with each other.
i was rude and made noise as i left to go drive uber in the middle of the night.
we dated & had our trysts in his van for 8 months.
he met my friends, my friends really liked him.
that’s where i went wrong, and decided to leave (i was having a super miserable day) and left the home within a few hours of telling them.
time running out on second-keg fund drive
report: limbo competition nation's last example of pure meritocracy
i feel really guilty about this and i know it isn't right.
my father was responsible for the barbecue (we live in new zealand, so it is summer time, and a relatively overcast day).
nation's ivy leaguers share hearty laugh that dartmouth grad thinks she can talk shit on anyone
&#x200b; because of the way i acted i pretty much don't have any sort of relationship at all with them.
finally we had an argument where we both pressed each other's buttons.
overall, over the last 2 weeks, she seems a bit less mopey (though maybe that is just conformation bias).
confused zoo officials awkwardly celebrate after endangered panda gives birth to healthy northern white rhino
my best friend will be moving to another country for at least 3 years to take his master's degree.
nation shocked anyone would want to purchase media company
so i was extremely disappointed when i got this response.
apple announces plans to sell power mac g4 for $120
so it was us plus my husband and his 3 other friends.
this is 8.5 tsas in total.
me, thinking of a funny joke, i went over to the teacher and said, “wow mr.
aita for getting unethical revenge on a sexual harraser?
broncos center apologizes to team after accidentally snapping ball to brady quinn
i don't always have the energy for that but i also hate bothering her with my stink feet.
after a few weeks jane told me something along the lines of "if you really care about me, i can't understand why you didn't cut him out of your life after what he's done to me".
she’s messaged me 3 times in 5 days and i feel it’s a bit excessive.
now she wants to go back and apologize in person.
trump struggling to recall words to u.s.a. chant
he doesn't think i should have made the decision without him, which i understand.
or, against e because i pretty much knew that this would happen and went along without stoping anything?
i don't feel like he's a friend so i stopped talking with him.
employee apparently confident enough in job performance to eat snacks during meeting
my wife found out and was justifiably upset.
'game of thrones' actors reveal reading script for zombie battle and realizing they wasted careers
a little ways into them scolding me about my grades my mom said something like "i don't know what else you have been doing!" and that is when i really got upset because she knew that i had been working on this for months now.
i had been drinking all night and we were mostly having fun.
eventually, my ex decided that if i ever wanted to do something with the kids that was on her time, i had to ask her first.
i don't have my girlfriend round all weekend because i'm someone who needs my own space sometimes to relax.
new planet discovered 400 light years away from public's interest
my girlfriend is 21 and came from quite a poor family.
i thought he was cute and decided to invite him to my place since it was closer.
the police arrested me for criminal trespassing and breaking and entering.
i pushed him around for a few day phases before he went off on me.
report: just go ahead and tell yourself bribery is the only reason you didn't get into columbia
now, i am not one to complain about gifts and i was happy with just the letter-- what really irked me was that at the end of the year, she got all of her teachers something.
dad tests limits of cheesecake factory vibrating pager
i knocked on the counter several times, went to the little door where the employees will hang out and restock the fridges and knocked on that door but still got no answers.
art object purchased at office depot
area woman tired of men staring at her breast implants
distracted priest pronounces couple 'man and plumbing problem'
they knew my dream stagette was a trip to new orleans.
both true, but doesn't help now.
i tell him he can reach out to me whenever.
i love the shiba, and i would love to take full responsibility of him including food and vaccination but they keep insisting that if no one to take care of the other dog, then both dogs are going to be given away.
shakira just not feeling up to jiggling ass today
i felt really bad and chose to be with r and the teacher already wrote it down.
trump spends 10 minutes mistakenly addressing steve bannon's freshly shed exoskeleton
grandma amazed by how fuckable grandson has gotten since she saw him last
once the bell rang, i headed for my car.
not only that, she was at the time scared of the new place she was in, so never left my sight when we walked out, so i always see what she's doing, and she didn't do anything in the apartment complex.
now, i'm a pretty modest person.
so when he got home he told me that he loved me, that he wanted to be with me, that his ex-gf scare wasn't my fault and he was sorry he bolted and that he wanted to keep the baby.
but he left without incident and all that's left to do is i need to return his playstation that he brought over to my house.
aita for refusing to do extra work that is not in my job description solely for my manager's benefit?
h is the mother of two young girls, one of which is r, who are visiting.
for context, i really don't like the vast majority of movies.
a person can easily tick me off by the way they act, and the fact that steven misses so much information and doesn’t seek it out out of pure laziness pisses me off so much.
he basically yes’s me to death.
aita for letting drivers think they can cut in at an off-ramp​ and then not letting them cut in?
when she came back she sulked and refused to talk to the waiter, meaning that my mil had to order for her.
wibta for asking my housemate to buy me earplugs my housemate is a great friend, and for the most part we get along fabulously.
i was ( and am ) depressed for months over it and never got over him.
edit: sorry if i'm not the most clear i suck at telling stories but i'll be glad to provide more details.
area 5-year-old telling, area 5-year-old telling
wild-eyed marco rubio embarks in rowboat to help venezuela coup effort
robin williams still missing after three-day free-association binge
i’m currently in college and was born into a well off family, enough to be considered top 5% of the income distribution in my country.
there’s still time for him to get his refund at face value or even make some money seeing as it’s still a week from the concert.
this has been bothering me for a long time now, so would i be the asshole for confronting her, or at least asking if she was lying the whole time?
reason why i chose to take a bus is because i paid for the trip and i don’t get paid very much from work to afford the luxury to fly just as yet.
the truck's driver was a hispanic man.
aita for thinking it is inappropriate for my husband to buy diamond earrings for a coworker?
baltimore residents urged to stay indoors until social progress naturally takes its course over next century
and all of my friends and her friends know that i like her.
aside from his tic, he has ocd and can often have a major panic attack if he can’t grasp a concept or gets lost driving around, has to go somewhere unfamiliar, etc.
gas station clerk glad to see pump 2 doing so well today
john kelly hoses layer of crumbs off president before speech on troop deployment
bc that looks like you're agreeing with me wholy.
m calls me an asshole and again says it’s his property.
after one month he went back to the other girl.
plan was to just drive off real fast without a seatbelt.
he is apathetic, lazy, and stupid.
aita for not wanting to jailbreak my friends 3ds so some backstory: i like to tinker, a lot.
nate silver defends torture methods used to make election projections
this is more hypothetical than anything because i’m curious about what y’all think about this.
report: maid of honor not even that good of friends with bride
jefferson starship memorial reopens on national mall
i said this because i go to a large school, about 2,500 students, and the parking lot is a mess at the end of the day.
normally, all players in the same session must consent for brake blocking before the game starts.
in practice it amounts to sharing music, cheap jokes and idle chit chat this fine afternoon, i received a “prank joke video” from a colleague with a misleading headline and seemingly innocent screen image.
obviously, he wakes up and yells at me for playing music.
so i gave in said that’s fine we don’t need any guns in the house.
so my friends and i are planning to go on a 5d4n overseas trip in about a month.
this year i just wish to buy him 1, and maybe a gift card to a clothing shop, and a visa gift card for him to maybe go out and do an activity.
several probably killed in shooting, lazy police report confirms
i'm convinced she didn't really need to eat and she was just trying to get out of listening to my problems and being supportive.
i'm failing to see how i am getting a creep or taking away this person's privacy.
neither person in conversation knows what hedge fund is
i took scissors from the art room later that day and hid them in my bag.
now, she went off a with her mba colleagues for a beach trip overnight.
excited patient points out organ he wants from kidney tank in hospital lobby
while i do understand the joke he is trying to convey, and a lot of questions can be answered by checking the syllabus, depending on the professor that is not always true.
when i get home i’m dead tired, sick of dealing with other people’s shit and just want to relax.
cow excited to freak the fuck out during solar eclipse
chemistry teacher encouraging students to fuck around with bunsen burners in last-ditch effort to prove science is cool
- likes to get to the root of any conflict i might have with anyone, and after a while he calls me, and tells that he spoke to the lady, they made a sweep of the neighbours, and it appeared that the guy next door was doing some renovations, changing pipes, some mucus and rot spilled out of the pipe he was carrying outside to dispose of, and that was the "smelly puddle".
nobody in ukraine notices absence of government
david blaine stunt to push public's endurance to limit
texas vows to reclaim title of most regressive state from arizona
she then told me again she didn't want to be exclusive and had sex with my friend on my couch that same night.
immune-deficient realtor forced to spend entire life in housing bubble
that's what i was told and agreed-upon...
cia director quietly buys nuclear-attack insurance
then, i called her again this afternoon, and left her a voicemail telling her that i’m sorry for my initial reaction, that i wish nothing but the best for her and her so, and that i’ll hopefully catch up with her again soon.
her friend called me an asshole but i think i have a right to cut her off.
am i the asshole for hating those two being together?
small change in procedure wendy's manager's crowning achievement
george thorogood fan disgusted to learn musician licensed 'bad to the bone' for commercial purposes
at first we figured that maybe we were the first open lesbian couple they had seen so we went around and introduced ourself last week and people were either not friendly and our 65 year old neighbor told us that white people like us only bring problems to the neighborhood.
job applicant blows away interviewer with intimate knowledge of company's 'about us' page
fed-up employee just about 14 years away from walking out door
the conversation went like this: mother: what do you want to eat for dinner?
she tells me no but that i'm really sweet and that she's sorry it's how she feels.
emergency responders working to dislodge commercial jet from thick, polluted cloud over new delhi
i sent this email from a throwaway email address not associated with my name, and signed it as being from the students of all of her gifted program classes.
am i the asshole for not paying him this?
i want to call him today and tell him that it was a total waste of time and that he needs to pay me for them.
papal apartments found filled with old newspapers, empty pill bottles, mangy cats
off to new years eve now :) peace!
when i was about 14 i told a person who was a really close friend of mine that i was shot while visiting london.
i have the right to be angry with you on his behalf.
deloitte hires accountant after noticing popular tweets of audit calculations
this was after asking everybody at my home, if i had gotten an answer that allowed an earlier pick up time i never would have asked to stay at her home.
she wears short sleeves in the apartment, no socks.
obama increases sense of urgency by riding last white rhino on earth through climate talk
however she has very specific, extreme fantasies that i willingly participate in with some reservations.
my sister looks like a spitting image of him and that's how i figured it out.
man pulling on loose hangnail slowly unravels skin from entire body
melania trump hangs decayed badger carcass over white house mantel to finish off traditional slovenian christmas decor
secretary of the ulterior clearly vying for better cabinet position
aita for helping my best friend to cheat on her boyfriend?
biden quietly asks obama to pick him up some of those real throwing stars from japan
however, as i am quite short on cash, and i feel i have an obligation to my boss as it is one of the busiest times of year in my occupation and he is really nice and lenient with me, i said that i can still work once a week.
(she has done this many times before) to make things worse, we did a lot more for her brother’s birthday.
paranoid syrian man thinks government out to get him
(he later told me that he didn't quite understand what i was asking and we both apologized to each other) later i called my aunt to apologize for my behavior, and she told me that she was afraid that if i got into a relationship or into bed with a girl if she would tell me no, i wouldn't listen.
aita for pressuring friends to come to our friends funeral using a throwaway account because some friends know my personal account.
they have him on camera going in and out several times with at least 3 empty yogurt containers and an empty package of cookie dough.
herpetologists discover species of frogs that evolved to spontaneously grow top hat and cane
i want to attend university in central/eastern europe next school year and have met many people online my age from those countries who've i've become friends with and learned a lot about the universities and culture of the places i want to go to.
they didn't even bring the games i bought or we handmade for the last stagette which my friend was in possession of.
i'm 47 years old, and my wife is 45.
before we had couches, there’s a corner of the garage, with some chairs, where we would smoke.
according to her i did not have her consent because she did not consent while she was sober.
what i'm talking about is normal activity, 1 order of a burger and fries and a drink.
nonetheless, i don't feel any better.
she called me manipulative and a hypocrite for telling her about her girlfriends toxic behaviour to me and told me that i shouldn't talk to her ever again.
she tries to cover it up but it’s still really bad.
so my ex (22m) and i (24f) had a pretty shitty break up.
i told him the reason that i didn't invite him was because i didn't want him in my space.
this was on thursday they said they check back on monday.
it has a lot of features and i'm sure she'd like it.
i don’t play with her because i really have no interest in her even though i really tried to.
my family is into gossiping about each other.
i saw her chatting and wrote "@(female streamer) oh god, i almost fell asleep just reading your messages in chat" she told me i was immature etc.
in the end, my friends and sister fought too much, money was tight and there wasn't enough time during the stagette weekend to go very far.
to everyone else who replied and esp those that gave me advice, thanks so so so much.
now, your fate is not sealed (you can change it if you want), and yes you are now at a disadvantage, but it’s due to your own choices.
i do feel bad because it must suck to not have someone you are close to in school.
do you think i’m the asshole for telling l what m said?
i tried speaking to the department that takes in all our merchandise/materials, and he said he's being delivered the same packages, but doesn't mind as it's basically what he was hired to do.
god announces successful test of first category 7 hurricane
i want to feel like the girl and be picked up and driven around.
gf: okay i was trying to think about you.
we had a couple drinks with our friends, and we were both a little tipsy, not drunk.
so, am i the asshole for lying and keeping up with the lie?
about six months ago i began noticing that something wasn't quite right with a coworker (miriam).
she says she needs space and i'm giving it to her.
man who should be president has asymmetrical eyebrows
can't i ever enjoy something i made without you prioritizing someone else?" her response was not to say sorry, but to roll her eyes, raise her eyebrows, purse her lips, and sloooowly put the broken pieces of banana bread back to make a point.
levi's factory implicated in cruel treatment of denim cows
report: americans waste enough food each year to give over 1 billion third world residents diabetes
william barr shows up to congress to testify at 3 a.m. after reading email wrong
chuck norris fighting for everyone who can't fight back
on the way back one of her friends noticed her and wanted my cousin to hang out.
republicans praise nixon administration for allowing qaddafi to rule libya so he could one day be overthrown
she said it was a decision that grew forth over time from reading the news, hearing stories and things like men groping her at the club.
we went to the same restaurant because she still loves japanese food but she has to order something different.
experts praise upcoming 'sonic' movie for accurate depiction of hedgehogs
i am planning on wearing similar clothes to his, putting fake tan on, wearing glasses and dyeing my hair black.
nation's prospective college applicants go straight to princeton review's 'best college radio station' rankings
she kept scolding me telling me there was a queue and i tried explaining the situation to her but she just said "that's your problem not mine".
now, as you can guess because she loaned this girl a gucci scarf, this girl was quite a good friend of hers.
my girlfriend did the same although she said she wanted to lose weight (she's honestly gorgeous and i cannot for the life of me fathom why she would want to lose weight) but i said i'd help her out and support her (this was about 3 months into my own training).
future is filled with her and myself together.
i know this most likely means i'm an asshole but i'm wondering if i right to have a a slight feeling of vindication.
now me, being decently young back then, didn't really ever have a girlfriend before.
english teacher already armed with deadly weapon called shakespeare
mc serch updates list of gas-face recipients
unfortunately his health is deteriorating and it's coming time for him to be put down.
my best friend recently walked in to our apt to him boiling his shirt on his frying pan.
m went on a bloodbath email.
climate experts say only hope for saving planet lies with people who save napkins from takeout order
my girlfriend is not overweight but feels like she could lose weight.
you boyfriend has been telling anyone who will listen about all the dirty shit he gets to do with 'this model chick i have been banging'.
man wishes women in crowded bar would let him read jane austen novel in peace
i proudly announced i had a new favorite sex position and that it was all the rave right now.
movie fails to deliver stupidity promised in preview
paul manafort spends afternoon making house look presentable for next fbi raid
2 she then blamed it on her mental breakdown yet never apologized or said the next day “hey sorry about that i had a issue” which i would’ve been annoyed with but not pissed.
sorry this post went on longer than expected, but what's your guys take on it?
she later complains to me later that i should have asked her before inviting the others because maybe she would have invited some of her other friends.
should i give in and dual-purpose my single towel as a sweat and cleaning rag, am i obligated to bring a personal towel (something i also never see anyone doing at the gym, but i guess it could solve the issue)...or can i get away with not wiping?
aita for wanting to sleep so, backstory is simple.
scientists announce ambitious project to map layer of garbage on ocean floor
when it was finished, i submitted it (before the deadline) and specifically told my professor that the reason it was so bare bones was that i made it by myself, and nobody on the group helped.
to be fair to her, i know this to be the case.
i’m thinking about leaving now and i’m 99% sure the guy in the stall next to me has been in there as long as i have been, so maybe i’m not the only one.
despite these rules, the whole place was plastered in left-wing propaganda shit, including a whole section on karl marx and class struggles.
deaths of 550,000 confirm which mushrooms are okay to eat
the following exchange is our email correspondence, verbatim.
who i would marry if i could.
jussie smollett arrives in court wearing full-body cast
after a while of him screaming.
aftershock a real 'fuck you' to earthquake victims
for me physically, my girlfriend is everything i could ever want or need in a partner.
nothing misses our radar) and this guy jt_diamond starts accusing me of being a shill for the website.
now everyone is judging me like its my fault.
told my husband that it makes me uncomfortable and i prefer to not be in room to watch it.
she makes a salary and i have no reason to believe she can't afford food to eat, so i'm pretty sure this is a guilt trip situation.
i met these older guys (old enough to be my dad) both seemed very nice and i had decent & non creepy conversation.
indonesian mother sews halloween costumes for 60,000 children
on the morning of december 10th, i bumped into emma while packing up to go to the library to study.
edit 3: although my parents did get a divorce when i was 12
christian science pharmacist refuses to fill any prescription
well first they knocked in the 8 ball, clear loss, we win a bucket.
she started to cry, asking me why i couldn’t just be happy for her.
i said, really, youre going to call me a cunt again?
she didn't say much else as we gathered our things to leave and there was no kiss at the door that night.
comedy cellar holds night for male comedians to workshop sexual harassment apologies
so one day he eating plates full of food and he been talking about how people at school keep calling chubby and fat and it is making him upset.
aita for making a distasteful joke last semester, i lived in an apartment with three other guys that go to my university.
blood-sucking lamprey forced to make awkward small talk with fish it's hooked onto
i'll go and ask." waitress returns soon and says "we're not sure where it's from sorry." i was getting a bit annoyed and sternly asked "well, can someone look at the bottle?!" they came back soon and said "i can't read the language on the bottle but it says import from italy." "there we go.
a few friends and i got a place about an hour away from family, all of us moving out of our parents house.
i can't help but feel like a real dick, both for betraying my own morals and for letting it get so out of hand.
my sister in law does web cam shows for money while she stays home watching her baby daughter.
we got into a huge argument when he went behind my back and gave stepdaughter a key to our house several years ago.
like, i don’t want to look at her any more.
she didn't respond, but her friends did and they were shipping us together, all's good right?
i was dating a girl who i loved more then anything.
i am one these “guides” and because of that i also signed a contract saying that i won’t be intimate with the freshmen until a certain date.
roles may be added for variety.
we pretty quickly both realized that it was probably for the best and our relationship more or less picked up where it had left off before.
so i guess i need to be more honest.
man unwilling to skydive blasted for contradicting previous 'up for whatever' stance
we spoke for like an hour and went to sleep.
oh god, teacher arranged desks in giant circle
cg: hi, i'm cable guy with cable company.
scientists discover sun is made of hot
so, i sit at this table with two other guys in an class.
report: album as good as 'sgt. pepper' comes out about once every month
biden invokes freedom of information act to find out when woman gets off work
he said that he loves me more than anything and wants to re-proposal when the ring comes back (just for us, people already know we are engaged so we aren't going to start telling a different story.
i immediately asked her if this is them celebrating her divorce and she said no.
she went ballistic when i gave it to her, and i was super happy.
it makes me think what if i would lose my family or my girlfriend due to someones poor choice.
clinton appoints very special cabinet member
sniper school gets to have class on roof today
taylor swift grateful kanye west controversy taking heat off new swastika tattoo
i decided that i already have a ring that’s basically in new condition.
area 31-year-old can't believe 'you must be born before this date to buy cigarettes' sign up to 1982
mousy brunette removes glasses, becomes sizzling sexpot
we're both quite young, at 19, and still live at home with our own parents and don't have to pay anything apart from food.
old faithful brutally beaten to death by group of teens
and what that philosophy reading conveys is the same tragic case —an uncompromising “moral” agent who feels removed and alone because of their seemingly “successful” approach to life has no room for adaptation.” friend’s mom- “i see what you’re saying.
am i the asshole for judging people that sit on the end without filling in the seats like a decent human being?
sweatshirt string emerges triumphant after harrowing journey through hood
we played our first session on sunday, with the players he gathered being himself, his girlfriend, a friend of his (who he knows decently well and i barely know at all), and a friend of the aforementioned friend who neither of us know.
mitt romney frantically running around ohio smiling and waving
so why am i the asshole for wanting something to happen that we all know never will?
i sent another message to the team captain, saying i guessed i was off the team as i didn't have the access any more, i just wanted to know how they wanted me to handle the scheduled events.
girl you could've slept with pretty successful now
my 3 best mates ether have boyfriends or girlfriends.
i was on the phone for 3 hours of a 10 hour bus trip some notes: - this bus fare was $60 for an adult and $33 for a child (me) while a plane ticket usually averages $80 but is frequently on sale for $60.
anyway so like a month later i find out he has just started dating one of our mutual friends.
they only get the expenses for the organ removal and implantation.
small businessman conducts business on miniature golf course
am i the asshole if the way i prefer to handle it is just to kind of stop talking to her?
block of commercials charts the who's career arc
so, my boyfriend is already showing signs of losing his hair.
i guess i’m curious on how others see it, was i a huge asshole?
aita for being petty on false claims?
before my wife got pregnant, we used to go out to the same sushi place and order the same thing, but our usual order has raw fish, so she can't eat it now.
she nodded but she’s the type to fight until the end to prove she’s right.
i don't have any kids, so i don't really know if since i'm dating his mom, i'm supposed to go to his birthday.
intellectual property rights as fleeting as the scent of jasmine, mayfly's wing in autumn
we are both christians and do not wish to have sex before marriage), and she said that she wants to, not now, but in a month's time, as she isn't ready yet.
i also just think it's really strange to request that all your guests wear red.
&#x200b; am i the asshole for not wanting to start paying h by my most recent paycheck paycheck and delaying payment by at least a few weeks?
best buy employee wearing different colored shirt for some reason
here is our conversation word-for-word from discord (edited some for formatting): >him: how is you?
finally, after she tries to bring it up for a fourth time, i blow up at her.
the other five just stopped speaking to us entirely (aunts family and my grandmother.).
enjoyment of steve miller band's 'jungle love' last piece of common ground in america
aita for selling overpriced magic: the gathering decks to a classmate so he won’t spend his money on drugs my classmate has been snorting adderall and smoking excessive amounts of weed and makes no attempt to hide it from anyone including teachers.
area dad concerned he's running out of family photos to digitize
we're both set to help at some after school thing.
so me, my cousin, and a family friend ( i was 14, and they were 16) were walking down the sidewalk of my neighborhood, just talking and chilling.
long story short, my mom's been cheating on my dad for the past four years.
emotional elon musk recalls spending entire birthday working on concepts for mistreating employees
i couldn’t really care about this guy on the phone because i have my headphones and i’m blocking out his sound but i find it unfair how i was yelled at for being on thw phone but others aren’t.
homemade dna test proves trump boys are at least one jar blood
i decided to tell her mom and gamble on her not figuring it out.
this struck me because i did not think that he was considering trying to go with this girl even though i was well on my way to doing the same thing.
i'm not being manipulative or forcing a decision on their part, and so the decision to lie and the consequences are uniquely mine (i.e.
it's that if i (calmly and/or kindly, not being a dick about it!) say you did something hurtful, i shouldn't have to pull an apology out of them!
aita for dating my best friend’s long term girlfriend a week after they broke up?
gf has a history of getting uti’s.
cryptic new laundry room rule hints at tale of bizarre infraction
was there a baby in the car?
i did my part of 2 and 3 well before it was due, while my friend was studying.
i live in a 3 bedroom apartment while she’s in a mansion with rich parents and like 3 dogs.
lately he's wanted to wear it everywhere.
smiling now primarily used to communicate anger
my friends is currently in the lead.
previously, milo and i had agreed that if a situation even remotely like this was to occur, we swore that we would just 'fake it till we make it'.
toilet-paper edge given classy appearance with triangular fold
keep in mind that he didn't look like a guy who had no money ( i think he also drove a nissan).
target of future drone attack urges american intervention in syria
i’m pretty sure i could’ve handled the situation a lot better but i’d like to know how specifically.
aita if i don't care about other people's lives and don't want to know about their "problems" ?
my ex had their current "friend" in the car with them and the person rolled their eyes at me.
ball in hand again, we shoot around, they were gonna win but they bank the 8 ball across the table without calling a pocket, we insist that a shot like that needs to be called (i wouldn’t have cared honestly if the shot was obviously meant for that pocket, but there was a lot of bouncing around rails, i’m gonna need you to call that.) so he fouled on the 8 ball, that’s a loss.
if she doesn’t seek a relationship with julian, then don’t encourage one.
i pretended to be upset by the "miscarriage" too.
she is saying to quote 'he's fucking pissed now'.
now the entire time i wanted her she said there was attraction from her too making it worse, but it was pretty bad for her as well.
i didn't react but god it hurt.
bobby jindal lies to parents about winning gop nomination
aita for going as my friend for halloween?
now this guy doesn't speak any english so he had one of his kids translate for me.
mlb season ends over 200 days early after new rules speed up games way too much
13.5 million americans tune in to watch animal planet's 'puppy parley' during dnc debate halftime show
she was also the one trying to initiate the whole sexual thing.
enzyme humbled to have played part in successful biochemical reaction
if you can't, then enter behind those cars.
aita for discriminating on when/where i choose to tip?
(he has an iphone 6s with no applecare) wibta if i asked him to pay half as phone glass repairs can be very expensive and he should have had a screen protector anyway?
i contacted everyone on the 25th and 26th, canceled on the 28th, the party was on the 29th.
when we met we were part of the same friend group, and the entire group did stuff like this.
kangaroo decides he'll get there faster by just running
aita for thinking this is all wrong and that she should be punished for it.
mom guesses dressbarn closure means she'll just have to go shop with all the sluts over at chico's now
this is the note, word for word minus our names - *"\*accriat\*, after having asked nicely you obviously have no respect for me or anyone else* *who uses the truck.
i got pretty annoyed, so i ended up logging out and leaving it at that.
i posted about it before, but basically i gave her an "xbox".
this made me furious, because she has had money problems in the past and has never had any savings to speak of in her entire life.
cia on torture memo: 'we need to stop writing this stuff down'
let's call it apples community college, or acc.
so, i get by the class fine - i skip some readings and stuff because i'm lazy but i do my best to contribute as much as i can to our projects.
you said no." i said, "what?
&#x200b; this year, we are in the same class.
new mit study suggests sonic the hedgehog might be living in computer simulation
every week she asks me when i'm coming to visit and tells me she misses me and that she's not going to be around forever.
the other night we were visiting with him and he left the room with his wallet laid on the table.
at this coffee shop they have a little display of protein bars.
homosexual dolphin has highly developed sense of gay-nar
god recalls life-changing encounter with 8-year-old boy who had near-death experience
aita for making out with a girl on a new years party my ex-girlfriend invited me to?
kinky lawn chair likes leaving woman with marks all over her legs
house of blues actually house of whites
but about two weeks ago, some of my impending deadlines started seeming worse: i have two workshops this week and next, and i have to create and submit a final exam by this thursday.
you tell me) edits: grammar and wording, adding a couple details
the coordinator of the party came down to let me know my friend arrived and i can come up now.
tldr at the bottom, so my ex(23m) and i(f20) had a 4 year relationship, which was very serious and intense.
i have a co-worker i've had feelings for since i met her when i got hired.
report: trying to hug oncoming train still leading cause of death for nation's idiots
the next day he picked up and i went over to discuss it with him to try and clear the air.
so i still have some feelings and basically can't say no to her.
conversation with boss puts man an hour behind
mit think-tank develops 20 great gift ideas
wibta if i left my gf home alone after she got a kidney stone removed, to go to a party?
if it was a 5 bedroom house i think it would be different, but in a small 2 bed it's a weird dynamic.
edit 2: i'm taking her out tonight to grovel, guys.
so i’ve been dating my current girlfriend for about a year now and everything is going fine, we argue every now and again but that’s it.
my wife then told me this and gave me some shit about it.
catholic child told about doggy heaven, doggy hell
so, this woman i volunteered to help is trying to seduce me.
so far i am schrodinger's asshole?
he talked to me randomly as i was walking on campus and we ended up getting coffee and fucking that night.
i asked her out 3 times, she said no all 3.
well today i asked her if i asked her if i asked her out before her current bf who she would say yes to and she said me.
i basically demanded the mother's contact details, asking what compensation she had in mind.
i am kinda playing it by ear by waiting that long to do anything, and at that point i may have developed feelings and something may have occurred or we already saw nothing was happening, and hence we actually played it by ear.
and she told me yes, so i just did that.
as i was falling out of love i began to hope chris will find someone else (that's why the emphasis that we are in an open relationship, he is free to pursue other people).
edit 1: didn't mention this in the post but we did apologize the day after.
communists now least threatening group in u.s.
i yelled at him called him a piece of trash and to get the fuck away from me.
nation's sane people to nation's insane people: 'please stop shooting us'
i’m just upset right now and i want to know if iata.
[edit] i forgot to mention that after i was yelled at by her, she immediately called someone else ans also yelled to them saying “there is a kid here that wont shut the fuck up”.
son is on the spectrum and is very particular of what he'll eat (hates pizza, cheese, pasta).
awkward tension mistaken for sexual tension
i told her not to open til xmas but she can never wait so she opened it.
i wasn’t trying to be rude, just explain how i see things.
aita for not paying my cheating girlfriend back i found out my gf of 6 years was cheating on me.
depressed wolf blitzer locks self in situation room
the father encouraged that they interact with him.
so now here i am writing this reddit post.
later i was asked by my boss if i am bringing weapons into the workplace, which im not.
i doubt she’d enjoy it anyway and she’d probably sit on her phone the whole time
my husband’s mother, who is shorter, has also went from small to big and back to small in the past 6-7 years.
fbi reveals maria butina traded sex in exchange for all 62,984,828 votes trump received in 2016
i was just trying to help.
report: only predictor of happy marriage is if husband ever won wife big stuffed animal at amusement park
we were supposed to park at the top of the hill and let the guests have the better parking spots.
home as in china?” she replies: “home as in, the food you’d have in your family home.” ( and boyfriend interrupted and said “i asked you a few weeks ago what food you missed remember?
philip morris scientists discover 'pussy lung' virus
wibta if i get my ex to dump his gf so i can get him back?
essentially i just wanted someone to read my letter, my mutual friend's letter, and my response to try and validate to me that i couldn't have done anything more.
one thing led to the other and now i feel like shit i didn't want to do this and it was just bad judgement.
honestly i can see the validity in both points of view, and i feel like it's a matter of circumstances/context about which argument holds more weight.
we recently met up in person for the first time in while and there was attraction that i felt was mutual, so i later asked her about it and she was on the fence about it, saying she did feel something, but didn’t want to risk the friendship.
obama blasted by cool, refreshing air
i get a screen shot from my boyfriend that’s my roommate texting him saying my cat ate laundry detergent and that it’s all over the laundry room.
i honestly don't know and maybe it doesn't matter because we have to move on one way or another.
we turn around to go back to the car (slowly), while still yelling and spamming his phone.
we seemed compatible in terms of future wants and needs.
a few years ago my good friend (36 f) who is married emailed me some pictures that showed some slight bruising where her husband laid hands on her.
aquarium touch tank lets kids pet water in natural environment
quick-lube shop masters electronic record keeping six years before medical industry
cdc study finds decrease in oral sex among teens when researchers are observing
this was pretty exciting for me since she is so unfairly hot.
after some back and forth it was decided that dopey needed medical attention, but the hospital was too far away to walk.
macy's concludes thanksgiving day parade with traditional procession of santa's coffin
now i usually hate horror films they've neve interested me in the slightest and usually leave me with pretty bad nightmares ( if they're actually scary that is ) and slashers make me feel ill i'm not a big gore person.
popular designer dog breed just twisted spinal cord attached to collapsed lung
&#x200b; i then argued that the house had plenty of room for another person (which it did) and would be cheaper for everyone with a 6th person.
the backstreet boys or 'n sync release new album
but the thing is, i don't want to hang out anymore.
unclear if fountain is the type you're allowed to run around in
he finally grabbed her collar and pulled her back a ways after slowly walking across the street.
after reading how she really felt, i told her i was ready to give our relationship a second chance, but she said that she wanted time to fully digest and understand exactly what she had written and my reasons for breaking up with her.
instead we ordered food while his mother never left the house once.
the next day, in the bi-weekly school meeting, chad was given a chance to speak to the group and say what he needed.
wibta for tailgating/honking at 'christmas lights drivers' christmas is almost upon us and so are those assholes who drive their car with their kids through the streets at half the speed limit while admiring the scenery.
i didn't know what to do, so i didn't do much at all except laugh and pretend i was a bit embarrassed but not as uncomfortable as i was.
policeman breaks up area party out of pity
he also apologized for "bothering me".
we just feel everyone is an adult and we should all be doing our own thing.
report: friend's apartment not nice enough to be asking people to take off shoes
after that he invited her to go, then called her mom to ask for her permission and had already bought my gf tickets to said convention.
so i have constantly given him shit.
thank you guys for your replies it's definitely something i'll need to take a deeper look at myself about
aita for not giving up my seat?
he replies with 'here's the thing, i was never gay, we lasted for a week and a half.
so to this sub...am i the asshole?
(d) the baby mama can focus on going back to school while we take care of the baby.
i didn't feel bad because she was so bitchy about everything.
john boehner to paul ryan: 'i was once young and beautiful too'
aita for telling a girl she put weight on but looks good i'm a 19 year old girl, i was going through instagram stories and i saw this one girl i know (19f) post a photo from her vacation.
i have general anxiety disorder and am incredibly awkward and uncomfortable-looking, they would have a field day with me.
basically we were standing in front of the counter at a bar and this random girl just pops up out of nowhere, found a way to stay between my husband and the counter, looked at him and shooked her head doing a "yes".
apple announces plans for new ipad with extra storage drawer
man who stood and watched robbery acted on pure instinct
but his reaction to stuff like this is generally just to make jokes to make me feel better which isn’t always super helpful...)
15 years in environment of constant fear somehow fails to rehabilitate prisoner
i’ll call this guy taylor (not his real name).
'planet earth ii' finale finally resolves will-they/won't-they storyline between snow leopard, golden eagle
maybe the biggest in our marriage.
air wick introduces new piss-scented bathroom diffuser
she's always been a skinny girl.
report: underpaid migrant laborers working 18 hours per day on fifa legal defense
nicaraguan diplomat drops deadly spider onto john kerry's blanket
aita if i start getting angry at my boyfriend when he plays games for too long?
i'm not that happy about it.
shows up to my house one day to chill and lies about how many he took.
i don’t really get where she’s coming from.
i let the father and younger son climb in and his son takes the window, saying something along the lines of, "you know how often i have to pee." i just figured maybe i'd just have to get up a few times throughout the flight to let this kid piss.
yesterday we had a saxophone guy at our school.
polite high school football team runs around banner that took hours to make
do most people go on their phones when they're in bed together and i'm just being weird?
i was confused because i thought new york-style pizza was considered to be pretty fucking delicious by most.
american girl recalls 50,000 dolls with chainsaws for hands
i also realize that brian's behavior may have also been because we all went to a christian private school and that he may have only felt comfortable coming out on the cusp of graduation, but then why date anyone at all?
he acts quite entitled and will argue over things that are really straightforward if he thinks he can.
what's fucking crazy is that the homeowner complained about another roommate making noise cooking food in the kitchen at 2am which apperantly woke her up??
my sisters, julia and petunia (not their real names) [20-23] and i [17m] stayed home last night while our parents went out for dinner.
mark zuckerberg touts complete lack of cannibalism on facebook live so far
i got into an argument with wife who had no empathy with me about this and just kept insisting that no matter what i shouldn't have been rude to him about trying to protect his neighborhood.
my roommate can bang whomever he wants.
it was a fairly easy assignment considering what we have had already.
'aryan notions' opens sixth berlin location
also, aita for being lazy in general?
so this happened last year when avengers : infinity war came out last year.
i said that i don’t think we should be taking my parents money if they’re not allowed to see the baby.
this friend doesn't let it go tho, he doesn't leave it at that and says "couldn't u have gotten a taxi", at which point i said (quote) "we don't all get paid £30 a week for doing fuckall".
5.) it's all a sob story.
area man puts on some nice pants for once in his life
child's description of heaven during near-death experience specifically mentions book deal
he became really aggressive then, shouted "i don't have eyes on the back of my head" and left.
word 'millennials' forced into headline to boost pageviews
archaeologists discover cave where ancient humans first had to pretend to like friend's art
my ex \[18m\] and i \[20f\] were friends for about 2.5 years before we started dating in february.
gulf of mexico inducted into opec
on monday there was a business event for our local area.
thats so sweet of you for helping him though.
it was tough for a while and we both were stressed and this was around the time of the affair (not making excuses for myself, just context to explain why i would be so fucking shortsighted and why i was drinking).
u.s. capitol cleaning turns up long-lost constitution
she was infuriated as she’d received a verbal customer complaint and we’d had a contractor complain about her too.
as toxic relationships goes, they just cant let each there go and they always get back together eventually despite all the shit they've done to each other.
depression, strained finances combine forces to produce grotesque culinary abomination
mar-a-lago assistant manager wondering if anyone coming to collect nuclear briefcase from lost and found
out of these i chose door number 2 because i had already made a commitment to these plans and felt obligated to follow through with them.
she sometimes tells me that she worried were too different in how we were raised because she is very minimalist whereas i have a lot of "stuff".
picture of lemur printed for no goddamned reason
'arby's has been putting more onion bits on their buns,' reports man sinking into heavy depression
it goes from extremely personal about depression and suicidal behavior to a and j just spamming “epic gamer time”, “my peepee hurts” and “i’m gonna go poopoo”.
they weren't even trying to hide it - they were all in a public voice chat call, playing with the new tryout who was getting the slot i felt i should be in, rather than turning up to something i put work into making happen.
so a little background on this girl, who for this story we'll call sarah.
typo in proposition 8 defines marriage as between 'one man and one wolfman'
i also would never feel comfortable letting him anywhere near my sweet little girl.
it is not a particularly bad cat or anything, as far as cats go.
but this was a special two week only course so that meant that for eight hours a day for the next two weeks i would have to sit next to k, and my goal was that much closer to being completed.
bill gates offering $1 million to anyone who can design condom he can't break
since then he's been cold and distant to me.
after dating for three months we started to have some disagreements.
the one person i really feel for.
im halfway to max level but i thought it would be fun for everyone to do a playthrough together starting from scratch, since ive been on my bf's account and want to buy the game and build up my own characters by myself.
as i was talking to her, i asked if she was done with exams.
i'm sick and tired of her,but i wonder?
ok so i am on mobile please don’t hate me i have been dating this one girl for about two months now and it has been overall fine.
rival dojo in for big surprise at regionals
generous improv troupe performing for free
aita for keying a car that was parked in my assigned spot?
royal baby already making new friends
psychiatrists deeply concerned for 5% of americans who approve of congress
it was a normal parking garage with normal parking spaces.) aita?
about a month before our championships, one of the freshman stopped showing up to practice.
the thing is, this young lady barely attends anything.
my boyfriend seems to be clueless that im not the type of person who wants to just sit in all day.
if i do invite my father, i would be giving them a heads up.
i believed we wanted that time together and would both make an effort to have it happen.
nation would not be surprised at this point if chris brown allegedly traveled back in time and punched anne frank
she treated her friends better than the men she got into relationships with.
the scream poster stolen from area dorm room
**edit**: thanks for your perspectives and suggestions.
her partner and i had a relationship early on in the 10 years we've known each other, before they met.
i jumped back over the fence before it attacked me.
i know this may be a little weak for this sub, but i'm just not sure if i would be the bad guy for doing this.
it is policy at my company that we don’t accept tips as the service we offer is free of charge.
i can't get both now, and wouldn't try.
i can't help it, i have severe mental issues from my abuse and they should understand.
anyways my sister scolded me for being too harsh but in my opinion she shouldn't have provoked me and been so sensitive.
am i a shitty person for prioritizing my anxiety/ panic issues over giving someone the time of day?
studio audience wants show to be over
she said that she thought that i liked her, i said that i liked ashley, not whatever you are.
aita for telling my best friend she has to lose weight?
aita for hanging out in the bathroom at the airport.
new cheney memoir reveals he's going to live full, satisfied life without ever feeling remorse and there's nothing we can do about it
i also don't want to make it seem like i'm abusing being sick/trying to being lazy, but i barely gotten through last night with how i was.
the lease to the current house is up in jan 19 but my roomate said that i could move out before then if i wanted to, i told him i did and will start looking.
nephew says she is very fat and chubby.
we’re all seniors now and the two have broken up and all of us are 18.
i was mad about that too, but only because it was so soon after him dumping me--in the end i had told him that it did upset me but i knew that it wasn't really my place to say anything about it.
i just think that r should focus more on fixing the issues that i have to repeat instead of asking me not to bring them up with people around.
kavanaugh offers elena kagan pull of vodka from aquafina bottle
for a while now she's made a habit of going up to her grandmother's house in a city that is a little more than half an hour away to see her and her mom.
i don't understand how people act like adopting is a lesser option but then claim they would love an adopted child equally.
after my little temper tantrum i was ready to just capitulate and be like, "yknow that whole polyamory thing?
i quickly shit it off once it was in the garage cause it has the type of idle that's just loud enough to be annoying and be heard through the type of walls the houses in the neighborhood have.
automakers ask nation if it still wants that handle above car windows
san diego zoo acquires chinese man
i know i kinda am the asshole: she's my friend and i should support her no matter what...
i could tell that made her uncomfortable, but i was uncomfortable too.
he asks me if i poured it out and i lied saying i drank it (he could probably tell i did pour it out, but i lied anyways).
desperate gop spotted in south dakota trying to build keystone pipeline themselves
man worried favorite jedi died after seeing 'obi-wan kenobi' trending
pretty early on into the semester my roommate's boyfriend named tom moved into our room.
personally, i am fine with his weight and the way he look, however, i try to avoid my friends seeing my boyfriend as i do not want to be judged.
the middle one (7 sister) is basically failing primary school.
she said i needed to communicate my feelings to her instead of holding it in.
i don't want to be seen as the buzzkill roommate.
leader of organization who does our housing (l) mentioned that b had complaints against a and c [inciting incident].
over two years ago in sept 2016 i basically confessed my love for this girl that i met at uni that i was friends with and i felt like she liked me back because i bought her like 1k worth of gifts and she took them an we always flirted.
wall street executive telling friend how amazing it is to see clinton live
after already being upset and hearing my wife’s story, i went down to the front desk to complain while she finished getting ready.
mlk's family urges nation to spend anniversary of his death twisting his words to fit own political agendas
my dad told me about this and we agreed not to tell my girlfriend.
ex 2: yelled at me because my friend left his banana peel on the table.
i got yelled at that outside of practice, people's time is their own, and they can play with whoever they like.
two-faced house guest who didn't need anything suddenly wants glass of water
for context, we're both only in our early 20's.
wasn't a big deal, she was being social with other people.
low and behold one night i was drunk, we were texting, and i finally confessed everything to her.
i told my girlfriend that i didn’t want to wear one because i’m a student and suits are very expensive – she understood me and thought it was ok.
i don’t know what you said” so i stormed into the bedroom and told myself i was over it and that to forget about it and go to sleep.
i guess i was riding on the assumption she knew i wished her a good birthday.
it kinda took me by surprise that she got so mad, though.
science teacher struggles to justify showing total recall
the cat and dog are just kinda "the family's" but the fish are bought and kept by my sister.
family knows better than to fall for mom's little bullshit speech about no presents this year
we always tried not to get involved by avoiding unnecessary contact with the poor girls.
aita for asking people to not run at my dog in the dark about two and a half years ago i adopted an amazing great dane from a woman on craigslist who's husband was in jail and she had some serious health problems and couldn't keep him.
i interjected saying that outside of game communication is forbidden.
so, 11ish hours pass, and i’m next on the new years countdown.
we both like to go big, but she goes crazy.
“oh no no no” she said “would you like me to give the five euro back?” “thats not going to happen “ i said “i think you know thats not going to happen.” i felt this offer was very disingenuous and was designed to embarrass me.
she would push that guilt deep down inside.
i got to the elevator and lost it, started laughing uncontrollably.
i know they could do wonders if they stopped missing classes and started paying attention to them instead.
angela is beyond pissed and called me an asshole among other things.
well, then his son and my daughter (they are 17 & 16 respectfully) were caught (by him) having sex in his sons bedroom.
oil prices soar like noble eagle
i just don't trust them, and wanna make sure they are good guys.
especially since i wasn't even doing anything, i just needed proof you two were talking about the whole bird thing 3.
area man thinks he was fired because of recession
it is an otherwise very quiet office.
nation's drunk strangers announce plans to agree with anything one another says
man born to party dies partying
'it's like you're hearing me but you're not listening to me,' says man to representative on oscar mayer customer service hotline
report: fax machines still pretty impressive if you think about it
i do not think you’ll ever want to talk to me.
i was definitely an asshole to other women but nothing too serious.
i also drove him a lot of places for personal stuff because he didnt have a car and i just wanted to help him.
grandma hangs on to spend one last christmas with nursing home staff
being that im really against sudoscience because its so dangerouse and predatory, i get upset and start to look for another medicine thinking they might have bought it by miatake.
i would go on various gaming subreddits, find the top comment and reply with such things as "hang the blacks" or "i think all negros are disgusting man beasts.".
hot new secretary of transportation to 'shake up' u.s. highways
he once again says he’ll get to them in a week, and that he needs to work.
being a non-serious person, i jokingly pretended to be scared of the short being in front of me and then she backed off and i said “laughing at my friends is so bad all of a sudden.” then, some other guy in my class tells me if i was friends with him i would apologize.
later that night i went to give her a hug and she pulled away, and once again, told me she didn't want to be exclusive.
\-she *says* she is going to start reading more, but she also hasn't done any of that.
new report finds it took humans 3,000 years after developing language to work up confidence to talk to each other
it was so loud and impressive that he was actually vibrating in his seat.
i’ve done everything i can—i’m performing this at my highest level.” we went back and forth for a bit before she eventually started crying.
either of us could have, but neither did.
we are a very small program.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: no, i but at least i'm not going to you saying my guild has better values....
man humiliated by wi-fi's poor behavior in front of guests
wibta if i punish my mother for embarrassing me in public?
and that was extremely rude of me to imply she had to put up with it.
now at the day ittself me and my two friends were stressing over where to go while we were eating.
not sure if this matters...but there is one more layer or two to this which makes it a little more frustrating for me.
study: not being an asshole boss may boost employee morale
just this loud ass whiny crying that goes on for like 5-10 minutes at a time.
man worried antidepressants will leave trace of original personality
to retaliate, i started mowing my lawn at midnight on my days off.
two weeks ago he broke up with me and then we got back together last week, then he wouldn't talk to me at all, but he told me that when i break up with him for good, i am gonna be a hoe.
she thinks we're going to be together.
i gave her until this friday to decide if we're going to stay together or if shes going to find work somewhere else.
thank you to everyone who gave me feedback!
housing prices spike as tech employee takes stroll through neighborhood
wibta if i threw out my girlfriend's ancient pants that she insists on still wearing?
i’m quite popular in my class, everyone loves me (or at least that’s what i thought).
he is one of those devout catholics.
supportive parents encourage child's interests in anything within 15-minute drive
aita for hanging out with my friend’s crush and ruining her reputation when she got mad?
aita for getting angry and getting kicked out of my gaming club?
i was still hiding in my room, but i could hear emma protesting, getting upset, saying that everyone would leave in 15 minutes, etc.
obama compiles shortlist of gay, transsexual abortion doctors to replace scalia
just understand it was a lot of shit-talking, lying to administrators, and dropping little firecrackers of bullshit so she could watch it explode in glee.
now she is mad at me.
she’s 5’8 and weighs about 120lbs.
one day my roommate was sitting on her bed, writing in a grey notebook that i assumed was some type of journal.
she went up to me, tousled my hair, and said to me in patronizing tone in what i believe was a final act of revenge: "you know, you're a "nice guy" and i would like you to be my friend.".
'my work here is done,' smiles contented bannon before bursting into millions of spores
pope leaves detailed instructions for taking care of holy spirit while he out of town
bad to the bone to be used in film
struggling used bookstore has tried everything but organizing books by genre and author
aita for not being ready when my mum asked?
aita for not wanting to take my kid to after school meeting?
vigilante judge takes law into own hands
there’s some (not a ton yet, cbd oil is still being researched) proof that cbd oil could possibly help him and it has helped me with my migraines.
i knew he was gay or bisexual, i've heard he had a massive crush on this other guy i knew.
somehow this also became about me being "holier than thou" about her having stuff on the counter (apparently this is what she got from me saying that there is her stuff on the counter sometimes and sometimes i knock it over by accident).
oscars create new truman capote biopic category
zsa zsa or eva gabor dead
aita for telling a foreign exchange student grindr is like snapchat i thought it would be funny to tell this korean exchange student who's hanging out with our friend group to download grindr so "we can chat" (i don't have a grindr), as a funny joke.
moving to new city to solve all of area man's problems
i know my brother would have assured her that any accommodations could and would be available for her as well.
when i got my dish, i took about 2-3 bites and the waitress came running to me frantically saying that there are onions in the food!!
how was local man to know carol channing's niece was around?
when he was gone i changed it and now he is crying.
sun-dried sparrow carcass washed away with hose
we stood side by side on the wall, so we wouldn't block anyone passing through the hallway.
financial experts say stock market constantly plunging, reaching record highs leading indicator of healthy economy
that sounds petty writing out but i know for a fact they weren't close.
grizzly bear sprained paw while mauling hunter, reports ranger
it seemed i was the only one locked out of the loop, despite her being my closest friend in the world.
but as it turns out, she's into women.
monster truck driver beginning to suspect crowd is cheering for truck
she honestly does mean the world to me and since freshman year in highschool she has been the one who has been with me through so many events in my life, including my moms passing.
'richie rich' comics introduces new, even gayer character
one thing led to another and he started sobbing.
after that, i made it clear to him that i wanted nothing to do with him, and last month, he tried to come back into my life.
surgeon general warns teens cinnamon challenge is not for pussies
i keep "trying" and she keeps crying every month when her period comes.
i struggle with anger management and lately have been having ridiculous, out of proportion outbursts over some really stupid things.
he’s constantly burying our website and letting content from other dirtsheets (which is posted all day everyday) slip past without making a big deal out of it.
barron trump sprints off convention stage in tears after missing note during clarinet solo performance
last thing government worker needed was agency labeling him 'nonessential'
leftover christmas billboard stirs seasonally inappropriate emotion
days passed and i got no response on when we would talk.
i've been the topic of discussion for a while now.
light of my world, get her flowers on valentines day, watch the bachelor instead of mnf type of love.
so, aita for not wanting to give up 1/4 of a personal pizza?
friend working at milwaukee history museum could probably get you in for free
white-on-white violence claims life of accounts receivable supervisor
later, upon reflecting on these events, i decided to call the police, as the damage to the bumper would require replacement, which is pretty costly for any car.
i say thank you out loud but they obviously wouldn't hear since they are at their home that is hours away from me.
she has everything she needs but isn't interested in learning, she'd rather play.
vegan soldier keeps asking everyone if they want their bread
impressive new honda inspires john mellencamp to write song about japan
i mentioned in passing about the time in the summer and how again i'm giving things away and i hope that it's appreciated.
overall it was an awkward and stressing affair.
then, one winter, my wife was sick, and i couldn't get her to drag herself outside, so i put a fan in the window and we smoked in the bedroom, and it was downhill from there.
she doesn’t ask for the handout but she doesn’t refuse them either.
paul hogan admits he's still searching for that one career-defining role
frigid chicago bean shrivels up from below-zero temperatures
let me give specific examples of futile “arguments” we have.
on one hand, we hadn't had much romantic interaction such as kissing or making out, and she did insist on paying for her own meal.
our affectionate and sexual relationship also has gotten semi boring for me and honestly feels like the same pattern everytime enough to the point that i don't even want to bother anymore.
we don't do anything even slightly flirty at work to avoid arousing suspicion.
45-year-old fails to make someone very happy one day
mike pence breaks out formal altar boy robes for state of the union address
i will not lie i had been putting it off.
tommy lee jones tells jimmy fallon he doesn't want to play any of his little fucking games
she knows i have injured myself before on purpose in the past.
study: more children growing up in single-parrot households
-employee’s sister-in-law was in an accident at work.
i invited her to join a book club, but she's busy during that time.
about a year ago i met this girl (22 yo) there.
i also find the look of jewelry ugly and excessive jewelry repulsive.
this wasn’t always a problem, but sometimes rain or cold weather would make this trek difficult.
then i grap her ass and she said "don't do it." and didn't do anything.
in the last year, she's also destroyed her phone several times.
cocktail-party guest cornered by joel stein
that's fine, area girlfriend to see 'anna karenina' when visiting mom over christmas
he wanted those components to be second hand because new would cost him double.
nation feels first, only pang of sympathy for zuckerberg after watching him engage with ted cruz
she began dating this guy long distance and around 4 months later we started hooking up.
i call them out for it, reminding them of last year, and they shut me off completely.
tonight i'm spending the night watching a movie with my mom.
black man at walgreens impressed by how attentively employees tailing him
china vows to begin aggressively falsifying air pollution numbers
i just muttered, "jesus christ," to myself and got up because i didn't want to deal with a confrontation two minutes into a flight with a decent length.
for example, when my cousin (17m) introduced me to his group of friends, i brought up how i like donald trump (not because i actually do, but because i knew it'd probably piss them off).
financial analysts offer to talk about recession for $5
i am ignoring him today, because i’m so angry, but also over it, but mostly angry and not over it at all.
she sits down on my bed, takes the (large) popper, and as i turn around to face her she blows the massive plume of popper smoke right into the middle of my room, not even in the direction of where the window was.
she's even going as far as to suggest we rehome him permanently, which obviously made our four year old cry.
meals on wheels volunteers deliver body chocolate, edible underwear to seniors shut in on valentine's day
she started sniffling and her eyes were watery.
aita for asking my so to not be friends with a person i hate?
king of comedy's death ignites 100-year war for throne
sensei's assistant really getting his ass whipped
gf then starts to act weird.
man pinned under blankets for three days
don't get me wrong, the idea of having an abortion does break my heart, but we can't do this now, no way.
woman confident she has the safety net it takes to achieve dreams
so my girlfriend of 2 years has invited her mom and 15yo brother to spend christmas together (this was last year).
after determining if i’m the asshole, i may post additional details in change my view in order to get more viewpoints.
chloe kim recalls growing up under parents' intense pressure to just chillax and shred the gnar gnar
she confronted me and asked me about it.
elderly voter never thought she'd get to see female presidential nominee called heartless ice bitch during her lifetime
who warns about resurgence of guinea worm disease as 150-ton parasite splashes out of sea
trump boys leave $5 bill, candy bar under propped-up laundry basket in effort to catch op-ed writer
but, i’m pretty sure they’ve blocked me long ago.
by that time, i got way busier than before because it was my senior year in high school and i joined the school’s sport teams so i could not spend as much time to potty train/other trainings + i already hated the idea of them bringing that 2nd dog home from day 1.
i suggested that she try making friends in the town where we live, but she said that it’s too small and mostly old people (it is small, less than 500 people, but it’s not just old people).
supreme court justices keep citing cases roberts and alito are too young to remember
girls are very judgemental and you can’t really trust anyone because they do a lot of petty things.
sole survivor of air crash has asia's 'sole survivor' stuck in head
astronomers say wednesday night will be best chance for americans to view 'novλ'
aita for donating my roommates dashiki to goodwill?
employee worries coworker's computer screen may be larger
we aren't not perfect by any stretch of the imagination but i truly love him.
michael and sally quickly became the insufferable kind of couple that sits on the same side of the table at restaurants and wear matching sweaters, so naturally they really wanted to watch the show together.
they were probably 5 years old.
&#x200b; today, i asked my girlfriend whether i had broken the special promise that i had made to her - the promise that i owed it to her to keep.
until 2 years ago i ways had remedial classes and iep which gives you like more attention or you sit close to the front or whatever they decide you need.
wibta for gifting a one year post dated cheque as a wedding present?
aita for making my friend into a meme?
trump warns china not to underestimate his willingness to sacrifice every american's well-being
i feel like such an asshole even thinking this, but a part of me is hoping i'll get a call soon saying uncle has left me $$$, even if it's in a trust or something.
but, this isn't about me and i don't need to be there.
podiatrists recommend getting feet rotated every 6 months
latest austin powers movie opens in theaters
i knew exactly who he was but he was cute so i fucked him anyway.
man who does everything at last minute wonders how you do it
she met some dude on there and started dating him, via the game.
but am i a jerk for wanting to end it?
i should have just quit, and saved myself all these pointless and stupid drama.
she knew about this weeks in advance.
she is a freak in bed, to put it mildly.
i'd still have fun if she came, but i know that i want to go by myself.
so i'm doing a maters degree and we have a group report to do.
i should have called him or met up, but i wanted to be able to control what i say through written words rather than verbal.
my girlfriend and i have a great relationship and have had no problem with swearing at each other in the past.
when her and i first met our relationship evolved into something of an exclusive fwb for about half a year but we eventually decided to return to just being friends again.
new study finds reading comprehension down amongst dumb fucks perusing this headline
i will lend her some money tomorrow.
i've been single for my whole life.
i went to tell my boss and he instructed me to report it to hr.
i couldn't afford to do this nor could i cancel the membership without attracting a heavy penalty for the next year.
many people in my profession accept partial payments.
mariachi band has no idea your mother just died
amount of halloween candy collected down 15 percent
anyway, summer break of junior year happened.
eagle_warrior_1776 horrified to discover its entire life a sham created by russians to tilt u.s. election
however i rarely have the money to go out to eat, so the fact that 20 dollars worth of pizza and breadsticks was tossed just puts me in a bad mood.
aita for pushing a kid on crutches over?
(with emphasis on the swear word).
so i went to her house and she was just so happy to have company.
well, that was until i started a computer networks class this semester.
i'm thinking its hopeful wishing and, not to ruin the surprise, i tell him not to expect everything he wants.
keep in mind, my mother is 45 and my aunt is 36, yet they still argue like little girls.
we have never seen your name enter, and there is no hospital nearby for another 60 mins.
i didn’t even get her jack shit.
whales beach selves in attempt to purchase 'the onion book of known knowledge'
this friend apparently exaggerated how drunk i was to my roommates and they were really worried.
tara has a severe speech impediment, does not know how to read, and is entirely unable to follow directions or basic social cues.
wibta for not coming in to work on my second to last day for a school event?
frito-lay targets blacks with new menthol doritos
it really stung to see him still so torn up about it, since all i wanted for us was a new start and for him to forget his ex completely.
aita in this disagreement about clashing audio from two games?
we've been living together for about three months now, and everything's been going pretty swell.
allowance to teach child importance of parental dependence
my long term boyfriend is amazing.
area man takes metallica audio tour of art museum
because i wasn’t and my bill had the cost of two drinks instead of one.
we still found countless topics to speak on.
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend then wanting to get back together so late november/ early december i broke up with my girlfriend of just under a year and a half, because i felt that we would be better off friends.
and then trying to hide the evidence- weird much??
she can go to the bathroom whenever, go to the nurse, go to another teachers class (this was her calm space or whatever), and admin would let her leave the lunch room because she was ‘scared a fight would happen in the lunchroom’ some bs like that.
that's all i have to say.
&#x200b; a recent example is when he stayed up all night drinking and partying with his friends on a friday.
i get in this context i am a asshole, cool.
i'm a very sexual person by nature, so i felt like i was constantly in a state of frustration and anger.
trump motorcade picks up few lyft passengers to help president make ends meet
i drank until midnight then stopped and kept djing till about 3 am.
report finds drug tunnels most intact transport infrastructure in u.s.
my wife also said afterwards that although she couldn't move and didn't feel pain, she was actually aware ([ during the procedure and could hear the conversations being had.
which is true, my kids watch him not answer my calls when they are with him.
area client would like a different font
european leaders: 'we stand together to say loud and clear: we are scared as fuck and don't know what to do'
you didn’t want to show her everything’s okay rather than leave her to stand there crying!
melania trump looks down on husband from gallery with loving grimace
buddy system responsible for additional death
i looked around, expecting my family to laugh at it, but they just stared at me with a dissapointed look.
rack em again, we’re playing, they table scratch, so ball in hand for us, they get mad because they never heard of that rule.
i tell my parents and they say they can pay for the flight.
they have a hard time with accepting people for who they are, and consistently judge people against their standards.
i have a decent pc build and am a student athlete for one of our esports teams.
as it happens, we’re great friends, as we had been friends for years before we hated, but we just made an awful couple.
thank you everyone for your input.
new 'cut off your genitals' challenge gains popularity among teens online
new study finds human beings were never meant to wake up from sleep
sports psychologists suggest tiger's slump may be because of all that shit he went through
aita for not paying for this app?
like i do kinda wanna be close ass friends with her but it’s unhealthy for me but maybe that’s just my bpd manifesting..
edit: i have the day off today anyway so closing early affects me none at all.
pool owner has bathing suit that touched his penis you can borrow
during our relationship we had sent nudes to one another and our relationship was already a very long one, so i was weirded out about how easily she forgot me and started dating my friend, with whom she already probably already sent nudes too, i say probably because she sent a message to my friend that she and my other friend did some naughty stuff in a call.
aging father struggling to keep family's personal failings straight
i replied that i had slept like a baby, as the previous day had been really exhausting (we went hiking all day).
fda recommends at least 3 servings of foods with word 'fruit' on box
returning jesus christ downed by u.s. missile defense 30,000 feet before making landfall
she says i'm being selfish and putting my religion before her feelings and our relationship.
crank caller keeps jerking local news team around
federal prison system retires mcveigh's number
she makes me very, very happy.
there's a couple things i want to talk about.
she says 'where?!', obviously playing along with the joke, so i thought i'd message my mate, and tell him to tell her there's a bird just under there.
woman on gym treadmill cranks incline up to 90 degrees
he’s never expressed any anger and knows i’m back with nick.
for context, i am 23 and the guy, at least according to his profile pic, looked well over 50, maybe 60.
aita for not wanting to share the first thing that came to mind with my boyfriend?
aita for going after students in my university to join my faith-based organization?
details of dream house getting much less specific with each new place found in price range
use all of the things we have learned in the class to make some thing really cool and nice.
their stop came before hers and they continued to blurt out expletives while leaving the train and that was the end of the encounter...
aita for slut-shaming my gf for showering?
denny's market researcher emerges from focus group shaken after finding out what americans really want for breakfast
i, on the other hand, view it as a matter of principle.
i took her aside and explained to her that we can't name the conference room after her last name, especially since we often have conservative elderly clients who may be scandalized by the conference room name.
she said "she wasn't like that", and said that we'd see on the second date, and that she liked me and shit, and wanted to let things develop.
tldr; used to steal dairy goods while working until co-worker joined the company and also started to steal dairy goods.
we really live this dress though and other options the third girl picked out have to be ordered online so there is no way of knowing how they fit.
aita for not buying my younger brother anime related gifts for christmas because i think he needs to grow up?
this happened a couple years or so ago, when i first met my mates girlfriend.
recently, she's been trying to find clothes that she can wear to a party, complaining that everywhere she goes, nothing is in her size.
fd&c blue #5 to restore beauty of world's oceans
study: 38 age it too late
me-sorry if i offended you it wasn’t the intent a- well did you really think i would laugh at that?
and my gf is beautiful, so i figured why not take pictures of her?
north dakota not heard from in 48 hours
report: doing your part to stop climate change now requires planting 30,000 new trees, getting 40,000 cars off the road, reviving 20 square miles of coral reef
i feel like mac's forcing my hand to either concede the game or use up my time, granted i did say that i was going to play the game before.
my sister and mother seemed to be surprised and disappointed i didn't spill it sooner with them, but i told them it was best to leave it for a good moment.
boss's sexual harassment a lot more cautious lately
it was also a lot more gender diverse than my last team - which means no getting snide comments over sounding like a girl.
president's cathartic words help nation begin to heal following yet another senseless 'saturday night live'
so it's been two weeks and she texted me last night asking what was the ankle monitor for, to which i did not respond, preferring to have this conversation in person.
phalanx of lawyers stares hungrily from back cover of phone book
and i'm unsure what to do - i don't want to stop being friends with her, i feel like there is a valuable connection that i don't have elsewhere.
legislators still concerned about key non-issues
time traveler from the year 1998 warns nation not to elect newt gingrich
given that she doesn't have to worry about money or scholarships also, because of *ferpa* i doubt her parents know her grades, and i also doubt her parents would have given her that car if they did know.
aita for not telling my dad what was bothering me?
it hurt a little, i was a bit dazed (probably also cause i was tired) but i also didn't make a big deal- it was kinda funny in my head, whatever.
manager fails to keep it short or sweet
but i miss my friends and i feel like crap that i don't know why they're all so angry at me.
new toothbrush slightly different from already existing, perfectly good toothbrushes
i can't really grind on the deets here since i don't recall any memories of that night due to having a mental illness that worsened that night.
report: at least 14 different types of animals crawl on you while you sleep
she was very friendly, and i thought she was interested too.
after 1/2 hour i made dinner alone and ate with my daughter.
prince charles thinks boys are finally old enough to hear what happened to their mother
&#x200b; aita for asking for this money back?
aitah because my i don't want my so to join the millitary???
quiznos releases new 6-foot-long party man
&nbsp;&nbsp; i live in a student hall, and i hangout with a nice group of neighbors.
purchase of jeans ushers man into exclusive, ultra-cool subculture of jeans-wearing americans
son never showed such dedication until starting football hazing
i disliked her for what she did and i wanted her to feel hurt.
cnn anchor interviews al jazeera anchor who interviewed libyan rebels
it was not intended as he was just a friend, but we just happened to click.
it's nice to stay with them and i dont want to be ungrateful, but it feels like an invasion of privacy and like they are sneaking around to do it.
aita for calling out my friend on kissing his friend's girlfriend?
man cautiously avoids barnes & noble section where teens check out graphic novels
(i got fired anyway), so i decided to do whatever it takes to fix things up.
until this weekend where i got drunk and had sex with her and also made out with her the next day at another party.
she refused the yellow which is what she wanted in the first place...
my birthday always falls around a week after school starts so i invite my friends to my pool party.
we have nothing to do for the next two weeks.
she would not have come out to meet with her friend and dance, and leave 10 minutes later with a stranger without saying bye to anyone.
inauguration crowd moves to white house gates to watch presidency happen
tl/dr: wife wanted to take our 5 year old to a doctor's meeting, i said no.
i live in la and i was walking down the street and saw a homeless dude sleeping on the sidewalk and his head was in the puddle.
and that made me self conscious for being a male (irony here) and autistic (no joke here) because i know i looked despite trying not to.
he cannot take this as an answer and keeps insisting that i need to "just stop blowing up because it's hurting him".
of course i don’t mean to make excuses for a’s abuser and it was abhorrent what b did, but it should be noted that b was severely mentally ill, suffering from disassociation, mania and depression among other things.
i just kept hearing that they were fighting so i asked them to include my then fiance to help guide them and they flat out refused.
and the response of >it's the family pre christmas party was received followed by a load of photos.
israel builds new settlement to host palestinian peace talks
about five minutes later, sw: excuse me, could i sit down there?
june 2018 shes gone & i finally move in.
i asked if we could maybe just hang out, he asked why, and i told him the truth.
fyi: we have been looking to purchase a home for the past year so we do plan on moving out asap.
steven spielberg criticizes netflix for ruining golden age of pandering big-budget corporate films
however, i felt that chris was close to john and didnt care for me, so i started not talking to chris too.
even if he wasn't the one involved in the rape case directly, the fact that he's hanging out with people like that after going through that witch hunt, after he saw that kind of revenge porn ruin someone's life.
maya angelou, poet, author, civil rights activist, and—holy cow—tony award–nominated actress, college professor, magazine editor, streetcar conductor—really? streetcar conductor? wow—calypso singer, nightclub performer, and foreign journalist, dead at 86
she ended up getting an alteration anyway.
dad immediately develops deep friendship with guy giving quote on replacing windows
that guy got very curious about this and tried to figure out who the man was - i would have told him, but he somehow got the conclusion that i was in love with the man despite the fact that he was evil, dead, and married.
we kept arguing and he called her crazy so i called him a faggot.
i wouldnt have given a shit, but i at least would've liked to be told that he was tryna make things right with them.
vatican officials quietly paint over part of sistine chapel where michelangelo depicted adam fingering cherub
_i literally just discovered this website and i wanted to get a verdict, and want to at least try to get feedback.
after a string of accidents, u-haul announces closure of aircraft division
neither is it totally impossible if they're that worried about their language skills, especially with the internet, that we couldn't find things to do which have the option of using the english language.
they then took the top 15 of each for each training unit.
bob dole for windows to replace bob dole 4.0
full unsliced lemon makes glass of water particularly refreshing
he is actually okay with the way he look but i have discussed this with him on several occasions and he starts to put in effort to lose weight by controlling his diet and exercising as and when he can.
last night, he confronted me, after seeing the bong and weed next to the couches.
oh god, invitation to lunch somehow trickled down to office weirdos
he said he would see how it goes.
i was sitting all alone in an empty row: the front row of the section of seats we were in.
the interesting thing is just today she casually messages me to play the cod together like we used to years ago, and we did, as if none of this ever happened and had fun.
real-life nancy drew traces source of her hpv
'hold still,' says eric trump swinging sword at don jr. trapped inside knight's armor
john and i went to a pizza place and i said i needed to run back to his place because i had forgotten something.
i wanted to shout that "there is nothing wrong with your life".
thanks to all those who gave criticism and just left it at that though.
i love working out and invited her to go along for fun.
\[11:32 am\] me: i did not sleep well, i kept coughing \[3:55 pm\] him: you should go pick up a cough suppressant on the way home, it'll solve that problem.
i don’t see what the big deal is.
aita for going on a vacation that excluded my boyfriend?
you seem to think it was stolen i’ve come to clear that up.
postal service: 'and wait until you cocksuckers see what we do with wednesdays'
so i call them and they wanted to see me resumee and would call back.
pope francis working out at vatican gym wearing 'sex abuse summit 2019' t-shirt
now according to the title, you may obviously immediately think i'm nta, but read the whole thing first.
aita for kicking my date out of my place after them telling me thier secret?
houseguest asks if host has blanket that's never been washed he can use
man arriving early to party to walk up and down street for 10 minutes
she is pregnant and expecting her first first child and wants me to be in the delivery room with her.
prego marketing new marinara as 'the premiere sauce for the #metoo moment'
my head is all over the place and i don't know what to do.
clothes come to forefront as major theme in this year's new york fashion week
then there were things that i got that i didn't like so much.
i care about her so i told her that she shouldn't be taking drugs like that or drinking excessively if it makes her forget who she is with.
i’ve been working at this place for years and in the past 6 months we hired a new girl, i’ll call marie.
i told him he owed me $25 for three months of hulu that i paid for and didn't use (we broke up like a week after he had used my card and he never gave me the password for it, so i never used it) and he kept saying how he didn't have the money.
i go and makes everyone coffee but my sister was eating her chips and accidently drops salt in my coffee and it tastes disgusting.
visiting parents do their best to praise son's new apartment
i figured seeing as the relationship was over between my friend and i, there was nothing stopping me from going out with his ex again.
woman shouts down hall for boyfriend to come kill giant ax murderer she found in bedroom
four of her friends who were talking with four boys, saw her and ran to help her, thus simultaneously cock-blocking four guys at once.
sources: petraeus knew about affair for more than a year
i want to help her out but am i even being an asshole in the first place?
i had half a heart to send an email with a picture of gloves and bin liners.
aita for not wanting to go on a free vacation with my parents?
a few months ago my wife was discussion abuse in one of her classes and she developed a faint memory of something that had happened in the past.
bolton: 'we will not be drawn into a lengthy ground war in syria—although, saying it out loud, that sounds incredible'
biologists announce they're all done with rodents
he also confessed that he abused the youngest sister[20f].
pentagon officials listen in silence as mike pence details plans for angel-guided defense weapons system
i got a little frustrated and decided to stop replying.
it was a very important event to him and our family and we're hurt and angry with her for not even trying for his sake.
mom can't wait for halloween episode of 'the big bang theory'
new vcr made by communists, grandpa alleges
retired security guard pens open letter to colin kaepernick about national anthem
new study going to take another week or so, report scientists who look as if they've been crying
she said she hadn't told me about any of this because she "knew" i would judge her for not handling her money more wisely, started crying, called me an asshole, and walked off.
mia farrow: 'it's possible my son was fathered by frank sinatra, mario puzo, george mcgovern, robert altman, anthony perkins, milton berle, robert redford, michael caine, danny aiello, or bruce dern'
bad-ass engagement ring also tells the time and temperature
sinatra, hope, reagan deadlocked in race to grave
i dont gain any pleasure out of being a dick to people, but i do require that everyone is held to certain standards and tries their best in all things and i will enforce those standards.
universal remote latest step in area man's plan for total living room domination
i guess we will look at doing long distance and see where it does.
my wife didn't like the fan, especially during the winter, but i would fight with her to use it.
however, yesterday out of the blue my brother informed me that he was planning to propose this summer.
i also am twenty two with this mentality towards girls and my relationships with them "i want to get as much experience as i can so i don't fuck it all up with the one that's meant for me." meaning i should try and pursue other girls, but i really don't want to cheat, yet i feel like i will if i keep this up.
creative writing teacher announces plan to sit on edge of desk
who the hell doesn't keep backup in the purse or car?
they told me i had to get rid of it immediately, but after i explained the situation they said i had 3 days to get rid of it or i could be evicted.
college still looking for absolute saddest place on campus to hold transfer student orientation
i have offered to buy us a king-size mattress if we move in together, but she still insists that won't be enough space, and we should have separate bedrooms.
my girlfriend dumped me and we started the bj stuff again 5.
man who encourages child's destructive id referred to as 'good with kids'
my therapist said that i'm too hard on myself sometimes.
china discontinues state surveillance program after finally finding guy who drove into xi jinping's mailbox
so this friday me and my friends went to this youth center thing we like, like we always do at the end of the week.
fast forward to midnight, b finishes work, and it turns out our friend has phoned last minute and said he can't do it.
sales of chamomile tea, gas masks up sharply
obligatory on mobile, sorry for formatting.
nation's 30 fraudulent voters march on washington to restore voting rights act
driving has been suggested, but that's a damn long drive and i wouldn't have driven myself to attend the aforementioned occasions.
with out me, i about lost it.
i have tried offering her help, but she always just listens and agrees and then the next day she is having cakes multiple times a day with my father again.
aita for throwing my friends under the bus some back round.
aita for smoking cigarettes on my balcony?
i've been dating her about 5 months.
last weekend i get a call from her at 1030pm asking if i can come over because she might need some help.
aita for stealing kills in an overwatch deathmatch with my friends i usually do it on accident but i sometimes do it on purpose because i find it funy to hear them sound like squeakers.
they didn't really consist of dude bros, just some guys and their girlfriends.
sorry for format and typos on cell.
it’s not like we can’t text...
after we landed in new delhi, i realized i couldn't find my passport.
nutshell: my ex and i are coparents of a teen.
bel-air homeowners association issues fine to resident with unapproved wildfire in front yard
aita for making a joke about someones girlfriend?
aita for my boyfriend of 2.25 yrs's mother still keeps a pic of his ex gf's son on display in her living room??
bar patrons dismayed by sight of band setting up
ice detains tim kaine for speaking spanish at campaign rally
27-year-old regrets 'funky cold medina' tattoo
i am dating a lovely girl, and we want to have a future together.
ok, when we first started dating, i told her i was trying to learn spanish.
after that i walked away from the dinner table, we went about our daily routines, but now we haven't been talking to each other.
aita for telling the hosts of our d&d game that their baby is an issue?
eventually the haters caught wind that it was the same person making these racist comments and flat out banned my entire ip.
workplace shooting planned on company time
sweatshop worker doesn't even want to know working conditions of place her company gets fabric
aita because i complimented an immigrant on their english?
new climate change report just list of years each country becomes uninhabitable
aita for using the word “grammarnazi” to a jew?
but i explained to her i had to pick my daughter up from school and could only stay for a couple extra minutes.
which i explain to the woman: she must be mistaken, because she's always in my range of sight, and she cannot really do her business not on the grass.
nation's women wake up relieved to find selves still in 2012
there’s a lot more details i could share, but the point i’m getting at is that i earned what i currently have.
i'm also a bit suspicious of boyfriend because i found out recently he was lying to me about how he lost his job.
biologists confirm foxes sneakiest little fuckers in animal kingdom
&#x200b; am i the asshole for blasting my music during the actual daytime if i'm trying to make some music?
aita for not liking when people post the same image on separate subreddits i follow multiple "meme" subreddits such as r/dankmeme r/memes r/deepfriedmemes etc.
matt gaetz insists pointing rifle at michael cohen throughout testimony not witness intimidation
if no one is telling you what to fix, then you need to find it yourself.” she counters with, “but i don’t know what to fix.
i have already confirmed to my best friend that i'd be going (i even told him i would bring my gf along), so i will essentially be canceling my attendance.
am i an asshole for secretly going to the show without him?
she then proceeds to make a pretty big scene, telling me how incredibly upset she is feeling, how selfish i am for watching the episode without her - you know, generally trying to make me feel super guilty.
smoker inspired by sight of elderly smoker
thirtysomething scientists unveil doomsday clock of hair loss
that guy from that one show not looking so hot
31-year-old now the only one of his friends who hasn't gotten married, divorced
area senior up for some boggle
i explained that is not how apologies work and that i was annoyed because she wasn’t doing as she was told.
study suggests onion social notifications 300 times more satisfying to receive than facebook notifications
she goes on to say that from what g has told t, it looks like stockholm syndrome, just like her ex.
'you thought you could get rid of me?' says cassini probe emerging from shadows to confront petrified nasa administrator
i urged her to report that kind of thing to the dean, or the police, but she told that she did not want to tell the adminstrators or authorities about it.
i tip bc i don't want the person or people in charge of my order putting my food together like shit.
i finished my drink and just walked out.
report finds letting stranger bum cigarette sole act of human compassion still in practice
never order here, you won’t get your food.
aita for trying to date one of my closest friend’s past abuser some backstory: about 3 and a half years one of my closest friends (who we’ll call a) came forward and says that she was repeatedly sexually abused by another one of my friends (who we’ll call b).
will i do anything about it?
i thought nothing of it, until my wife told me it made her really uncomfortable and asked me to tell my dad to stop.
i guess i just want to know if all of this makes me a bad person or something.
i imagine not everyone does this so stalls come open.
aita for telling someone to change seats?
my privacy is one of the things i value the most, and i usually stay in my room for most of the time that i want to be left alone (which is a lot) where i can do my work, or just spend my free time.
this really bugged me out and i feel like i should bring up boundaries, but i trust them and decide not to bring it up unless it happens again.
another edit for clarity: he didn’t say we could talk to “get me off his back” or anything.
bush quietly rolls back iraq death toll to zero
american classmates having difficulty understanding better educated foreign exchange student
i think about it and nothing really strikes me.
but at the same time, he lost his friends because he began to act worse and worse to people around him.
my 2-2 is right next to his studio, and we share a wall.
also, how would this story fare in pro revenge?
but he was also young and pursuing his phd as well.
i can afford a red dress, i can borrow a red dress, but...i just really really hate the color red.
friend who's into politics makes you feel stupid again
he's always rude to my fiancee.
new u.s. currency expires if not spent in two weeks
fema airdrops emergency cyanide pills for residents stranded by hurricane florence
aita cutting my brother and mom out of my life over money....
hes an unabashed fan of pokemon and dragon ball and countless other anime.
i hate shared public showers and was very uncomfortable with it, it wasn’t a very clean environment, and i had nowhere to put my change of clothes or shampoo, etc., so i was overall fairly bothered by the experience.
he did that to my friend to, whos been posting since 2014, and we got a kick out of it.
he called me immediately and asked what my plans were.
i at least expected the dad to send a birthday card.
or i guess a better question is was i a justified asshole, because i know i should have been nicer but i really wasn’t in the mood to be nice when my head was pounding.
pregnant women asked to leave convention hall during ted cruz speech for safety of developing fetuses
i am usually scheduled 8 hour shifts but about 30-40% of the time i ask if i can go early since it's not busy.
however, i disagree with all the people here claiming i'm an asshole for passing the red light.
sales disappointing for first-ever hustler swimsuit issue
also, some guy (one of the guys who she dated to make me jealous) came to me and told me she was asking for him to take photos of him with just his shorts, which i didnt believe because i didn't thought she would do such thing (now i do), and he also told me to be careful about her.
man was himself for 27 minutes today
all of these times i didn’t know it was going to taste like that.
i'm so frustrated that he signed a lease in this dump for another whole year.
yosemite national park completes construction on new 6-lane scenic driving trail
that sucks." and then i hung around for one last beer and left to my place.
'the onion' is canceling our 15-second web video featuring kevin spacey
i (m27) enjoy sitting on the sofa with a bottle of wine watching scary things.
i tell her how beautiful she is all the time and how attracted to her i am.
ad exec doesn't care what proverb actually means
my mom informed me without being so straight forward, that it is not my place to judge.
i saw a collection of dvds on a shelf by the door and knocked them all down and yelled to him "come talk to me like a man.
bleary-eyed, stuporous houseguest assures host that he slept great
'hägar the horrible' cartoonist expected more for 40th anniversary
i think my mother resents me and wants me to be on my own.
obama returns from paris climate talks with couple energy-efficient light bulbs
now every time they tell me about what cool things they bought, i feel resentful towards them (but haven't said anything about it and don't intend to).
so what do i do now?
he will never live a normal life or get to experience freedom again.
bush trying to decide how to spend his tax refund
i smoke almost every day, so i get paranoid about people recognizing me too.
i couldnt take the stress and blocked them ever since whenever we see eachother (which is like 8 hours a day 5 days in week) they just ignore me like i don't exist i don't know what to do and im really not sure weather im the asshole or they are sorry for bad english its not my native langauge and im writing from a phone
i went in wednesday and it was hell.
last thursday i ended the relationship due to my best friend messaging me informing me that he made her uncomfortable by walking with her side by side with his hand on her waist.
new viacom ad tells employees to get back to work
it was argued by some at the time that b was not as culpable for her actions.
she shaves or using cream on most things to deal with this.
he also mistreats me during sex.
they decide that i've don't something really wrong.
i dont care if he got my adress, he seems nice and is not a psycho.
report: many states still relying on outdated methods to disenfranchise voters
family that went to his home included my parents, some of my aunts and cousins.
man competitive about how depressed he is
while we were standing together in the kitchen.
i have been seeing a girl i met on tinder for about three weeks, on and off.
world's fattest town makes, consumes world's largest mozzarella stick
it's gotten to the point where i don't see any point in going out to eat, pretty much ever, except maybe her birthday.
aita.for knocking out the fool who was giving my brother drugs.
aita for having a hysterical fit after blocking my bf's friends?
instead of worrying about her future, she just has a general (perhaps warranted?) sense of inferiority relative to those around her.
she’s my partner only in the gaming sense.
when i was in her shoes (mind you my husband had a year long affair so my shoes were much worse) i still had the sense to take some responsibility.
she got marked off for telling me i'm wrong, but she did not have to scrape gum off desks.
international criminal court announces new '3 strikes' genocide policy
grocery-store freezer's white castle section a wreck
i didn’t say he was bad or call him names or something because he hung up.
jeb bush surprised how easily stance on confederate flag set him apart from other republican candidates
that is why we couldn't go to the embassy for an emergency passport replacement.
with just that, i think i'm the asshole, but there's some context for how these magazines generally work and how i will be structuring it: &#x200b; \-submitting to a magazine with your work often requires you to pay $3-5 and does not guarantee that your work will be accepted and published \-you often are not paid even if it is published for non-huge, nationally recognized magazines.
she is very nosy (asking a myriad of personal questions — even though we were never close), gives too much unsolicited advice and whines about her appearance (that her world seems to revolve around) the rest of the time.
but i really cherish opportunities like this and i wanted to support my friend any way i could and my boyfriend (now husband) and i could spare even some money if the stagette was a real trip like i wanted all of us to have.
i found it baffling how someone who complained about her bf not showing her enough empathy and abusing her, could go and do the same thing to others.
we are all excited to see more.
&#x200b; i said yes and we started walking back to the car and i asked what my parents said because i had told him before that i wanted him to ask them.
i'll call them dave and dianne.
epa study: rivers shouldn't smell like shit
then he tells me he feels being scammed.
aita for pulling the seat from underneath someone in the bar so it's new years eve, alcohol is flowing and everyone's having a good time, i'm there with girlfriend who sees some people she knew from her childhood in the neighbouring booth.
he left a dish in the sink and used the bathroom at like 630 in the morning.
north korea returns to normalcy with synchronized disco jump-rope gala
a bunch of people in our discord were talking, so i talked over them to talk to my former friend about it, though it came across as me yelling at him.
i have recently become more involved with the church of the latter day saints and have been focusing my life more around the words of jesus as described in the king james bible.
aita for lighting my cigarette on a hookah on the sidewalk?
my family just moved down south for better job opportunities and weather.
texas environmentalists lobby for solar-powered electric chair
i don't like it but i wouldn't ask him to stop seeing him (they're in love and in that new relationship stage).
however, you can love people equally while acknowledging their separate roles.
man frantically returns to website that just crashed his browser
congressman checks in real quick with ethics office to make sure pressing exposed penis against intern doesn't constitute sexual harassment
local los angeles awards show slated to open for grammys
they still disregard it and say it's just a piece of paper.
so i tell her the truth i tell her that i added her to troll her but i do not mention ruslana’s name.
well, today he just complained again that the dog was waking him up.
he was taking my order and said "can you say dude for me?" i thought ahh lighthearted little observation friend.
but is that even an excuse?
eighth-grader hasn't missed a '69' joke opportunity all year
my penis is too big for her she says.
fans shocked after marie kondo reveals she has been dating untidy cupboard for past 6 months
no one knew it was me that called but the entire time i was blushing and shaking like oh fuck did i do the right thing.
aita for not letting amy know that her boyfriend would have cheated on her with me and could potentially be cheating on her with someone else?
area man pretty sure it's not broken
vanilla ice, mc hammer co-sign apartment lease
i didn't care how, but she had to leave, so she had a friend of hers pick her up.
in actuality i do have a bit of social anxiety.
woman assaulted by celebrity just needs to sit tight for 40 years until dozens more women corroborate story
it was a long day so i was kinda like “ehh fuck it”.
'new york times' reader stoked after noticing article penned by favorite reporting duo
but later in the day he came to me with a heavy heart and told me he was going to reach out to her.
some context on her parents, they are very rich.
my bf was unwilling to start over, saying he could just help me catch up by giving my character op gear.
museum's audio guide informs visitors how much more they getting out of experience than others
in a world with overpopulation, we as a species should be intelligent enough to say "we don't all need biological children just because our bodies are making us want them".
i don't have enough of a lack of empathy to pipe up about it but it still deeply bothers me.
m specified absurd claims: * “a’s guests playing games late into the night at loud volumes” (i only own a pc, can’t play games w/ people in person)” * “b can’t sleep because a has company over at 2:00am and is constantly loud, that’s unfair and obnoxious” * “the cleaning schedule includes things that may be considered either inappropriate or unfair.
there's time to tell her and have her back out, but it feels like an asshole thing to do after hyping this trip up so much.
i might be offended if you hadn't a.
aita for not allowing my gf (28) to be friends with co-worker(of 3+ years) anymore for calling one of their co-workers her "boyfriend"?
amazon 1-click bankrupts area parkinson's sufferer
glaxosmithkline releases new drug to treat people who just feel sort of weird sometimes
he wasn’t even around to say congrats, with a half hour delay to every whatsapp i sent.
my ex (her mother) has taken her phone and electronics away, so now all she has is a couple of older model video game consoles.
i don't know anyone there other than her.
so i kinda want to keep seeing my new fwb because otherwise i'm just gonna become resentful of my partner's other relationship and that would not be healthy.
when i moved in i had the understanding that once his lease was up we would move into a bigger place.
laid-off hostess employee forced to look for creme-injecting job elsewhere
their father/my husband refused to allow his children (with agreement with their mother) to send off to private or out of state schools due to the high tuition.
i'm not sad, i'm simply existing.
trump planning to throw lie about immigrant crime rate out there early in debate to gauge how much he can get away with
i believe i was right to stand up to say he should play with the one guy and that i have a right to not be force into a lying for someone who wouldn't do the same for me.
this bothers me because i grew up with a different work ethic and think pto should be saved for important events like birthdays/extending holidays/seeing family.
while you do see some "interesting" people there, it also has shitty customer service.
aita for purposely deleting the rest of my groups work just to make them fail as revenge?
this absolutely infuriated me because i knew i shouldn't have wasted my time trusting in walmart.
now here i sit, 11 at night and i’m barely able to sleep.
fashion designers announce plans to wave with both hands, bow slightly
i've always been a bit heavier than my other friends, but that doesn't say much when most of my other friends are dancers and athletes.
and when my home life got hard sometimes i would "retreat" to tony's place away from my problems.
aita in this situation even if i was upfront and honest with him?
they mosey their way over to the squat rack next to ours.
strange new culture forming on other end of office
am i the asshole for calling my friend out on his shitty behavior to his supposed "best friend" from high school?
curly fry inventor strikes out with curly veal
me and my family are moving to a new house, and i'm having a huge bash (as we do in jersey), though she is not invited, nor did i ever think to invite her, though she knows full well about the party, which i said was only for the closest people i know.
nation on edge as court votes whether to legalize gay marriage now or in a few years
after the wake, a group of us were talking to our mourning friend who seemed to be taking it fairly well (or at least better than how i took it when my own mother passed away not long before this incident).
report: someone robbed that kfc again
substitute teacher can tell he's filling in for real asshole
senior year rolls around and nicole and i are placed in the same calculus class.
i worked all night and would sleep during the day.
tbh i might have annoyed him before but not this much and i just don’t think that i annoyed him as much as he did to me
nation's school systems held back a year
it was almost stopped, but to everybody's dismay it went through.
friendly note to coworker undergoes eight revisions
he comes back a minute later, so i can assume he hasn’t washed them yet, and hasn’t talked to or a since.
homicide detective wishes he could go one case without having to solve elaborate riddle
my ethics teacher decided to put on the “documentary” ‘climate hustle’ in class, if you don’t know the documentary it’s basically about climate change and how it’s a hoax.
she described the other men there as “gross skater guys” so idk.
a facebook page featured a girl who claims that the played a round of csgo during their college tournament in such a good way that she managed to make her team win.
criminal prosecuted to fullest extent of budget
i would have driven separately also, but didnt this time to save some gas.
bill clinton admits that knowing what he knows now he would have still preyed on women
man's weekly recycling just boxes of nestle drumsticks
wine cooler goes straight to dental-office receptionist's head
theresa may recommits to nhs after receiving stark reminder of abysmal state of u.s. mental health care
that's why i frikkin wrote it to him privately.
tl;dr - guy hit my car, i initially accepted cash from him, then i called his company, and now i think they fired him.
despite this john decides to constantly talk shit about my girlfriend.
plenty of people break this law but i got into a car crash a few months ago and have been trying to play it safe.
voice inside cheering libyan rebel's head: 'oh, fuck, now what?'
they said things like my thank you didn't seem sincere, that i should have done the thank you sooner, and i should have sent the thank you to both of them.
r.l. stine reveals slappy from night of the living dummy was gay
however, as i become more and more comfortable, i slipped back into my normal personality - which included these jokes.
report: girlfriend probably reading some book called 'the midwife's promise'
i did what i do best, pretended to sleep when my wife got back, and lied awake all night (listening to her texting!).
i have filed a complaint to hr and i have a meeting with them tomorrow morning to discuss the matter but they’ve been filled in on the gist of it.
spy drone taken out of service after returning with creepy photos of insurgents changing
my gf (28) was previously married, she got a notice late last year that her divorce will be official as of the 2nd of february.
i feel terrible about how i reacted and thought the guilt would knock me out of the funk and appreciate it.
i knew that he bragged to other people and showed the nudes to them as well.
she threatened suicide and cried and begged for more chances, and my friend was too worried about her safety to leave to his mates house.
(but i did the same thing on my ride home) my right light went out tonight around 10pm, with still 30 miles till my destination.
without consulting me or discussing the situation, he says "yeah it is fine, we will go over there".
fast forward a few months later and we haven't talked since.
gas-station employee gives 109 9/10ths percent
i've seen her go full police dog towards certain people.
man forced to pathetically comb through movie for familiar scene after falling asleep previous night
tony never apologized for speaking disrespectfully.
bolton calls for forceful iranian response to continuing u.s. aggression
halfway into it i try several times to have sex.
later in the night, people are standing around in the kitchen chatting when some of the people my friend invited noticed the whiteboard.
for instance, he was very intent on splitting up kitchen counter space.
food network goes off air after every possible iteration of ingredient combinations completed
let’s call her m (17f) * i am 17 years old, male * d is 18m, a friend from my school.
historical archives: to be sold - rather large buttons
aquarium unveils 'floating carcasses of the pacific' exhibit
white supremacist living fulfilling racist life since getting kicked offline
we are allowed to have two dogs and my fiance wanted to rescue a couple pups.
i texted again and said "we are glad to have you we just need some details to get you started" i asked stuff like what days can you work and what hours.
then i found out that she had been messaging explicitly with her ex after she had decided to stay with me.
i do the assignments given, usually with full marks.
on the field trip we sat next to each other on the bus there and back and we did all the other things to high school kids would do.
&nbsp; yesterday i was supposed to meet him in his office and we were going to go out for lunch.
and she expected the dog to just fall asleep.
the week before transfer time she told me that the plan had changed and that department with her coworker would be staying.
it feels like she asks so much that i can't get anything done.
apparently they were looking at memes in a groupchat(he was not part of the groupchat) on her phone when they came across a picture i sent.
it's clear that she doesnt appreciate me for who i am.
in the middle of the drive, my brother asks me for some chips.
i was still scared of him.
she told me that i was projecting my own interpretation of what the drug does to you and putting that on her, calling it unfair.
im a 27 year old male, and i expect the best out of myself.
not too bad, just swollen and whatnot.
aita for making my friend take a contraceptive?
to cut off my relationships with the people i have a sexual past with for my current girlfriend?
so here's my current dilemma: i want to send my daughter to private school, starting next year.
stephen hawking leaves behind beautiful legacy of unheeded warnings to humanity
i must add that i suffer from severe and chronic depression so i'm not sure if that may play a part.
airline food under fire from area comedian
i usually keep to myself in this class but i talk a lot with the professor.
the issues didn't appear (or didn't get diagnosed) till he graduated.
but i could still see her regularly using her phone throughout the whole movie.
i told him i couldn't give him a timeline on how long it would take me to resolve these issues because i honestly don't know.
producer wants to call movie crime and punishment anyway
aita for being upset that all my friends are having sex with each other?
hey, so i (german) met this japanese girl a while back through a language exchange app and we immediately hit it off (in a friendship sense).
wibta for hating on a dead snitch?
he enjoys lazy days around the house and cooking for me at home instead of always wanting to go out (which with a lot of guys it just seemed like they wanted to show me off).
she came up to me after the class and remarked on it.
maybe i shot myself in the leg, put my foot in my mouth.
aita for snapping at my boyfriend for talking over me?
bed bug feels bad for area man, but a bug's got to eat
aunt enters ninth year of raving about 'wicked'
or do i have nothing to do with what she does when she isn't dating me, even if then we got back to dating?
i wanted to express that it doesn't matter if your gay or not.
i thought i was being nice by trying to interact in class but apparently others think i'm an ass because of it.
i'd say i'm pretty ok with people having thier own beliefs and such.
she was a bit hesitant about long term commitment but she didn't say much about it, so i thought nothing of it.
side note-the brother did not participate, although invited, in any of the 6 month weekend house cleaning events.
we both got into a bit of a squabble, raising our voices at each other.
i tried talking to her about how it bothers me that she's away at night and all she really had to say was that she's upset with me because it shouldn't be a big deal.
i can’t tell if i’m being selfish or overly possessive or not.
aita for doing a group project on my own and making it known to the professor?
poll finds 23% of americans would vote for jeb bush if candidate standing right next to them in voting booth
if i would've known sooner i would've suggested an abortion or something.
this bothers me a little because i picture him buying the flowers as an afterthought, or is more concerned with pinching a few pennies then thinking of me first.
cigarette tax hike to pay for iraq war
i feel unable to share my bank password now because i want to be assertive and stand up for my boundaries.
gop candidates fiercely divided over how much voltage border wall should be electrified with
1) i messaged my friend first because i was bored, and we hit it off.
he typically has ice cream, pudding, donuts, and similar stuff in there.
however, while i'm at the home, i do help out a lot.
.i decided i've had enough of it because i can't stand the lingeing smell, the health affects it could potentially have on me or even our landlords when they move back in at the end of our lease, and my possible liability for any damages/contract clauses caused by his smoking.
she just comes home from work and curls up on the couch and stays there for the rest of the day, complaining about her stomach.
i \[34f\] went out with friends, my bf \[47m\] stayed home, he is not very social and works early so he went to bed.
i have no problems with clarification, there are a few personal things i left out but since its a throw away and, as far as i know, nobody in my family uses reddit i can elaborate on somethings.
'candy land' screenwriter under impression fans counting on him to get this right
well, one weekend she ended up going to another city, doing meth, for the first time, for a few days, returning to our city and going to rehab, and then she was released like five days later.
drone that destroyed wrong target casually flying away like nothing even happened
i really wanted this adventure time box set for christmas (it came with a cup and a dvd if i remember correctly) i asked mum for it and she gave the "i'll think about it" response, a few weeks later i spotted her buying it (pro tip dont take your kids christmas shopping with you and think that you can buy there gifts without them seeing) so i got super excited and could not wait till christmas.
surgeon pretty bummed about losing patient, but it not like they were good friends or anything
on the other hand, i feel weird about it because of tim.
'washington post' reporter frustrated every space in parking garage taken up by anonymous source
aita for leaving kitchen supplies in my dorm and asking my roommates for the money?
i really don't know why do they hate me.
they spent about $100 american dollars on a nice, fancy shirt for him.
i was scared at this point.
bike helmet protects child from helmet-inspired beating
dnc takes out full-page ad thanking alabama's working-class white voters
humanity still producing new art as though megadeth's 'rust in peace' doesn't already exist
i told her that i liked her.
this annoyed me but it wasnt sacrilegious in the name of friendship.
concincidentally, i happened upon an exchange where him and the other guys were joking around by messaging each other weird porn in the chat.
however, my roommate is saying i am a huge asshole and very lacking in empathy because she feels that i am kicking out a family in a terrible housing market, and the kids probably attend the school next to my complex.
customer service operator safely in remote location
world populace actually fine with rich people dying on mount everest
local man a paper-towel black hole
she lied to me and told me she had her dad look at it (she later admitted lying).
it felt like he just wasn't interested - yes he knows the story, but it just felt really rude and dismissive.
maybe i'm being way too oversensitive?
when the act came on my girlfriend and i we're harrased and told to sit down, got so bad we ended up telling the usher and she gave is better seats with no one behind us, but i couldn't help notice that no one was standing, dancing or enjoying themselves.
aita for being angry, upset and pissed off at my ‘friend’ and ex so bit of back story.
\-i snapped at kashifa "hey can you please close the curtain?
&#x200b; we always used to spend the night time together and i feel as though couples should spend time together at night.
when she leaves to get towels, my intern group is laughing at me since they thought it was funny.
study finds backing down in fight with loved one extremely harmful to relationship
she takes the criticism sometimes bad, but has said she wanted to keep trying.
hillary clinton launches intimidating new fragrance line
study finds sedentary lifestyle puts millions of americans at risk of becoming beautiful just the way they are
so when we started dating he was obviously still really torn up about his ex and questioning their break-up.
is this entirely my fault as an owner?
wondrous world of fishes last checked out 4/17/67
and this is the second time this car has done so in the last two months!!
this only added fuel to the fire, telling me she doesn’t deserve to wait.
john bolton: 'an attack on two saudi oil tankers is an attack on all americans'
it wasn't meant just so i can afford being lazy, but when we were living each in our own apartments she would clean every 2 days because she likes it clean and i don't really care much, i would give the house a serious clean like once every 3 months (i know, but meh) and maybe sweep every few weeks idk.
nobody knows what third light switch does
aita for not contributing as much?
which was pretty hard since we had many classes together and sat next to each other.
her only response was "i didn't know how to tell you".
my parents had the idea that this summer they would like to rent a vacation home for the whole family (my parents, my brother and his wife, and me & the wife and kids) to all have a family vacation together.
baltimore preparing for hurricane joaquin by adding second layer of plywood to shuttered small businesses
however, he died at the end of last year and everything has been so hush hush.
area ceo doesn't have time for this shit
dolby theatre hunchback stares longingly at beautiful guests from rafters
aita for trying to get my money back and not taking the loss?
but i can't understand her need to be there when at present, she is not a part of the community.
hot girl mentions boyfriend three hours into conversation
i am very particular about germs and chemicals infecting my child both physically and mentally.
missing boy scout earns publicity badge
marriage going to be hard to go back to on monday
she's still friends with him on facebook, but i'm sad that she has no other friends now.
so aita for not asking before i lit my cigarette on that stranger’s hookah?
my sister is currently in her sophomore year of high school.
santa anita racetrack officials award first place to jockey who dragged dead horse 30 yards over finish line
i don’t really know what to talk about.
whenever i do something small you turn into a hypocrite and get mad at me and its annoying.
after landing on the same space a few times later, she asks again.
we recently had a chat about it, and i was told that my level of remorse and interest were null, and here i quote (not in english, but a translation) my dad saying “you simply don’t care that we arrive late.
&#x200b; honestly i know its not that big a deal i'm just a little upset that i watched a film i didn't want to but she wont do the same for me.
can you specify a different shipper?
i said “it’s kinda rude to hang up on me like that and you didn’t reply to what i said.” anyways with all of that said, i’m not looking for validation and i’m not butthurt because people are saying i’m ta.
i can't afford my own car yet, and he's never going to help me.
nasa completely forgot probe was returning today
i ended up on her side because he accused me of sleeping with her behind his back, which pissed me off royally because i was loyal to a fault to him.
there was nothing i could do because if i roasted her family i knew she would get upset and try to fight me or something like that, so i just let her roast my family.
aita for asking my wife what happened between her and our daughter?
obviously, i am the asshole for reading his diary.
he and his mother were extremely close.
area man has some pretty shitty mob ties
nobody used it because cell phones...
she tell me she can't accept a paper id, which i know is a lie not only because one of the acceptable forms of identification she listed was a government issued id and my paper id came from the bmv.
now after that everyone kinda sorta hated me
so eventually, i just stopped being her friend.
the rest of it is covered by scholarship.
however, last 2 weeks increasing frequency of texting, seemingly going on for hours.
decades of blasts in middle east beginning to expose earth's mantle
but with my medical history i decided i should go to the er to get it checked out.
am i really the bad guy here?
oscar pistorius swears bloody cricket bat from different murder
** she has told me, multiple times, that she was sexually frustrated and her husband was unable to satisfy her sexually.
al-qaeda's no. 114 killed on office depot run
blushing brett kavanaugh admits he flattered christine blasey ford never forgot his laugh
pharmaceutical rep assures doctor he personally tries every drug he promotes
quit freaking out." which is what he says to me when im upset about something.
i admit i got too heated and responded in a negative way while upset.
people in healthcare.gov stock photos now visibly panicking
they got mad because i even considered feeding them vegan food (so it seemed to me) and implying that i "let them suffer".
aita for being angry that they are rejecting me, their only successful son?
because of government regulations based on the size of business, they had no choice but to provide two handicapped parking spaces right by the front door in the small main lot of about 12 cars.
she has never really given me reason to worry about her.
death of 12 schoolchildren makes perfect sense
a few weeks later, he asked if i wanted to be exclusive, but i hesitated and told him why i might not be the best person to ask for a relationship - i definitely have my flaws, i'm a busy person, and i'd somewhat-recently gotten out of another relationship.
are you joking?" she said, "well, your body language was bitchy." i said, "i have social anxiety.
reminders of party's costume theme becoming increasingly more threatening
my dog just wants to lay down and the cousin wakes him up to pet him and try to play.
but it's far enough to be a pain in the ass.
lovestruck arabian princess begs father to spare john kerry's life
i raised no concerns about this, but i did insist that she take care of the house (which she does) while also keeping an attractive figure.
my brother called me recently and told me my parents were upset how i hung up on them.
now i know this sounds awfully bad without context, but i was obviously skeptical.
&#x200b; so my question is, is it wrong of me to make this decision?
he asked me to go out and redeem it because he wasn't 18 yet, and i was initially reluctant because we live out of town and the closest lotto is 30 minutes away.
nsa scrambling to reestablish whereabouts of man who covered laptop camera with tape
nelson mandela evidently thinks world's journalists have nothing better to do than wait around like idiots
no one in limo going to prom with the one they wanted
edit-this was being done to prepare the house for sale where everyone in the will would have received equal proceeds.
i responded one text with something along the lines of: have fun with mister big-dick, fuck off.
my husband, in contrast, loves movies and will watch basically anything.
i told her we needed to talk about this, as i was unhappy about how frequently she's been gone, and i didn't want the rest of my life to be like this.
paul hogan keeps pitching crocodile dundee saturday-morning cartoon
for the past few years, the neighbors and i have seen a growing amount of people come to our neighborhood for halloween.
oh, and he asked his tree guy to quote me to remove the rest and the tree guy said "it's too big, i have no way to get it out of there...." aita?
oprah winfrey breaks record for most appearances on the cover of 'o magazine'
also, you get mad at me for breaking something on the map that you never use, yet causes an inconvenience to other people.
novelty pencil worn down to the nub
it's not like i can force her to see other guys, and i still like to hang out with her as a friend.
i just want to know if the feelings i have are justified...hence: am i the asshole.
- bill and i are playing something on xbox when i leave to go grab something and take a bit longer than expected.
i've been taught that no matter the situation, a man should never make a woman cry.
he tells me i need to pay the parking ticket, and i say that even if i wanted to i could not afford the 60 or 110 bucks it cost.
recent saving of planet attributed to working assets long-distance plan
she told me that she couldn't see a future with me if i'm forever going to "erase her sexuality" and make her "be straight" to protect my insecurities.
that's 9 toilet visits in total.
aita for sharing my insecurities and "making it about me"?
she has deep brown eyes and almost constantly gets mistaken for being korean.
god completely fucked up after huffing gaseous planet
report: afghan mineral deposits could completely revolutionize nation's system of corruption
they started blowing air horns, and i swear i heard a saxophone in the noise.
being in a long distance relationship, i expected to at least know who she speaks to, for my own insecurities sake.
here’s some background: my ex and i dated for about a month before we realized we weren’t right for each other (so it wasn’t a very serious relationship).
aita for treating cashiers like they’re stupid to avoid getting the wrong change i pay in cash a lot of the time, and i like to avoid having any more than 5 singles in my wallet at a time, so i strategically give the cashier more dollar bills than necessary to cover the total, with the intention that my change will come out to $5.xx or $10.xx.
something will set me off and literally can't help but yell, scream, slam doors, punch walls.
she sent me a message demanding i clean up the house and i told her i’m too weak i haven’t eaten anything.
she promised me that she would definitely be free in february.
i'm so beyond screwed it's not even funny.
it was nothing to major but it was something that would take around 3-5 minutes to fix which thankfully i could do while we weren't doing anything in my 6th hour because we were officially done with the class right?
aita for bothering my roommates with my smoking?
he assured me he wasn't, so the fact that he ended up dating her anyway just made me damn insecure.
the second refusal was today, just after he gave me the results of my mri (prepatellar bursitis).
&#x200b; edit 1- made some edits to my post for clarity
when i told him and showed him the money, he was ecstatic.
the way they thought would make me understand is just awful.
'i want to be with someone else,' says woman who must think 3-time hyundai sales leaders grow on trees
which hurt me that i didnt get a chance to say my side and he was quick to believe whatever someone else told him.
she called me all teary and we ended things and she’s now blocked me.
exhilarated woman discovers last person who used jigsaw puzzle left lots of pieces sticking together
was it an inappropriate joke or was he just overreacting?
tldr: been watching my brother's wife's cam shows and they both found out.
we had dinner at a chinese restaurant tonight.
however, my biggest dilemma right now is what to do with my life after this.
i’m not trying to be sexist, i’m just protective over my daughter.
once he is fully handcuffed she tells him she has a surprise for him and blindfolds him.
there are no moral upper grounds or anything.
okay i have this friend i'm going to call jess.
my husband typically drives over to her house every day to help her with this but this time she came to our house to do it.
she immediately gets tetchy and says that i should just be communicative and not throw around words like that.
we both go to an expensive north east private college, and we both have our rent and tuition paid for by our parents.
homeless child apparently unaware he lives in nanny state
sean spicer quietly puts painting back over unfinished escape tunnel
i will put a copy of the email as the first comment, but essentially, it was very passive aggressive, blaming her for everything and insisting that not count the test as part of our grade.
basically, this was an actual friendship group around a game, not just some randos to compete with.
jay leno reconsiders retirement after georgia woman sets boyfriend's crotch on fire
first, let me preface this question by saying my dating situation.
she told me it was rude and left my place pretty angry.
she posted all this stuff on facebook that she made with it.
i lost my temper when she told me and hung up rather than fight about it.
in a fit of rage i messaged her father on facebook and told her, in the moment and even now i couldn't care less about her, but reddit, aita?
when he questioned me about it, i told him the same thing, that he had so many chances to back off and he didn’t listen to any of them.
i suppose i don't understand this sub.
i don’t even know what to say" and then he hung up.
when she said that i kinda got mad because if what i was saying was bothering her all she had to do was tell me.
just a few nights ago, we were fooling around, and at the junction where he would normally give me head, he decided not to.
family braces as autistic son discovers amtrak's 'track a train' webpage
cdc rolls out fleet of narcan biplanes to fumigate opioid-ravaged small towns
so i felt fine pretty much.
american public gets exactly what it deserves for 112th straight election
i haven’t told him because i wanna know how he feels about porn/about me because he posts about us.
john ashcroft silences reporters with warning shot
plus he is bringing his so, meaning we are now feeding two people and getting a hot dog pizza in return...
she asks me “why the fuck is your dog so annoying” and i’m pretty hammered and i respond “maybe your fat ass ate all his kibble, i know you always eat stella’s (friends dog).
so my friend(timmy) has known this guy(richard head) for a few weeks, works with him and they became friends pretty quick.
generally beginning at 8:30 and he tends to leave 10:00 or 11:00 at max.
he seems nice and ready to meet, pretty chill.
so, don't really know where to start.
this morning i was using the bathroom when a man came in and went into the stall next to me.
since i started taking cbd about a month ago, i’ve felt significantly better and instead of being in excruciating pain 24/7, i’ve only had about two really bad migraine days.
i appreciated that she was frugal (as am i) and didn't waste money on things like trips or expensive meals out or material items no one needs.
i spun out, bashed into an electric pole.
thing is, they keep asking me to clean my room and make my bed (i'm a somewhat disorganized 27 y o) and i suspect that they go into my room on the premise of picking up cups (water cups i drink out of and leave on my nightstand, no leftover food or rotting meat sitting on plates that can be smelly- i'm no animal.) it makes me uncomfortable that they go into my space when i am not home.
my brother and his wife found out i've been watching her shows and they have not stopped calling me.
attempt to buy gift for boyfriend results in hatred of boyfriend
and in my tired mind, i started loudly complaining about him to him.
a&e biography host peter graves comes out in ellen-inspired ratings grab
i told him to get off but he wouldn't so i punched his head to force him to get off.
turns out that she deleted a message where her friend said something along the lines of "your boyfriend (sam) was late to work last night" my gf told me that she ignored the message and moved the conversation on.
her: don’t do that~ i was scared.
this is something that has caused a lot of anxiety and depression in my life and i have been really trying to find people in my life that care about me not what i look like.
amish teen spends entire rumspringa at apple store
'it's not too late to reverse the alarming trend of climate change,' scientists who know it's too late announce
white guy held accountable for crime
you can imagine the rest - basically i just repeated myself and he couldn't understand or accept that he was giving me shit and coming at me.
aita for screwing over the entire class?
my daughter ended up finding a job and i asked the status of my money.
marketing scientists successfully map the human heartstrings
repressed molestation memory not what it was built up to be
i didn't think anything i did was that bad to warrant it this time.
eventually, she gets on the phone and starts raising her voice.
man at very top of food chain chooses bugles
she says that his mother, my aunt, is stressed out and suffering from various health problems because of her new daughter-in-law and granddaughter (cousin + new wife's baby).
he taught them to grab him beers from the fridge and get the mail and fetch his slippers etc.
aita for a former-friend refusing to speak to me?
i'm trying to take the fridge thing seriously." reluctantly, he gets up and goes to the main fridge.
city officials warn against flushing feminine hygiene products after finding 8-foot-long, 250-pound tampon lurking in sewers
his mother (my ex wife) agreed to fund the trip for him.
man raised by wolves worried he's slowly turning into father
michael jordan accidentally packaged in plastic
the company said no one was scheduled to work on my home, but a tech was in the area and may have gotten the wrong house.
i made an easy target because her bff already hated me for criticizing his precious little innocent girl.
i did not mean to come off that way.
so i started yelling at me and he was really shocked and scared and ran out of the classroom and called the police.
ross ice shelf embarks on world tour
should i have done more or said something during the semester?
i can't count how many times i've been scratched or bitten by a cat for no other reason than i dared to go near it.
&#x200b; the other day i was not feeling too good and he was being super secretive on his phone again, not showing me whats going on ect..
she told me that i wasn't being helpful and that what i said came off as rude/uncaring.
work on your body instead - that shows dedication.
nation can't wait to wake up and start eating again
posting from a throwaway for whatever reason, just don't want this to blend into my other subs.
while they did give me a small raise, they are still paying me far less than someone with my duties should make.in fact, i am still being paid less than the other person with my official title.
so i’m probably gonna go to the mall, buy one but leave the tags on, and wear it tonight for my event, wash it, and return it to the store tomorrow.
god wondering how far he could throw earth
sometimes he refuses and gets angry at me or stop and is a little bitter about it, and of cause i get angry too...
mexican program aims to reach drug lords before they get caught up in cartels
i apologize for bringing it up.
we talked for a little and then got down to business.
he likes to play games with him and overall spends time with him, while i don't get that kind of attention.
stingray loves when aquarium visitors squeal and recoil after touching it
pope francis admits 'like 97%' of past church leadership 'probably burning in hell'
two days go by, and we're constantly opening up to eachother.
manson's loved ones ask for complete, utter chaos in their time of grief
they told my sister they would watch her kids first, whatever day that was she needed them.
furthermore, i'm hesitant to agree to watch a movie if she proposes it.
these are his friends and we’ve only dated for about 7 months.
report: much of u.s. still underpaved
my rationale is that the newly wed couple can receive the money only if they make it together for a year...
then last week, trey and i were by ourselves outside smoking and i brought it up.
everyone at consumer electronics show forced to share single surge protector
nasa delays shuttle launch out of sheer habit
i don't go for girls by looks, nor do i ever try to "get tens." in fact, my physical type are girls a lot of men dislike (bbw's).
though they had said that they would only three weeks before.
i wasn’t aware—but am i the asshole?
this "wedding present" as it was referred to by both the sister-in-law and the father-in-law seemingly nullified the $4k we owed sister-in-law on paper.
so he asked me if i can cover three of his lectures while he's traveling.
as i touched her i kept asking if she was okay with it, because deep down inside i knew that she wasn't really into it, and so i kept asking her whether she is okay with this or not and she kept saying that she was fine with it, and eventually she said that she wasn't and i immediately stopped right before any clothes were removed.
i'm nearly 20, have been with their daughter for 2 years, and we have stayed at the house plenty of times while they were out...
so, i believe that when you are at a window for a fast food restaurant, and there is nobody behind you, and even if there isn't, you shouldn't have to pull forward.
ever." we kinda just stood at separate ends of the hallway for a while, until we could go to our lessons.
i thought that was fair, she had the right to say no, and i didn't want to force her.
/tl;dr i realize i didnt explain the situation in a way that seems more correct to what happened.
he said no and we went back and forth, me being an asshole about it i later admitted that i was wrong to get angry over him not wanting me to use his computer.
my friend thinks i am sexist and an asshole because i have a set of beliefs that don't correspond to hers,we have been friends for three years now, and every time we have a heated discussion or fight,she is always the one that is mad about something, because it seems that i am an asshole in general.
what she doesn't know won't hurt her and her cat was/is fine now.
me- i sent it to my close friends and everyone except for you knows it was just an obviously inappropriate joke and has sent back something either even more inappropriate back, or has laughed.
that brings us to last weekend, where i invited my girlfriend to my uncle’s birthday.
if that happens, it's hard for me to tell her that because she always gets defensive about it and makes me feel like i am at fault for getting frustrated at that.
my girlfriend says that she wants to mount the smaller tv to the wall, and asks me how much the first mount cost.
so i commented not all incels are like this.
college residence office gets kick out of pairing up few roommates who will fucking hate each other
spanx introduces new line of smoke bombs for concealing unwanted bumps and bulges
on the other hand, there are times where he can be tolerable.
but...i have only ever had one flu shot and never whooping cough.
my friends are far from good friends but they're the only ones i have.
in this situation my dog didn’t get aggressive and didn’t try to bite (thank god) which makes me feel like i’m overreacting.
i quickly messaged her, apologizing profusely but trying to explain i acted purely on instinct.
tldr: aita for being upset at my gf for her not letting me call her after work?
american public clarifies rational, measured response to this terror threat doesn't preclude panicked overreaction in future
as an example, i had been blamed for not being able to save another player in the match last night - but when i watched the video back from a different pov, it was obviously her own mistake and i could not have done anything to save her.
i asked him if he was going to go to his friend's party, and he said he might go later, but that he wasn't feeling it.
today was bf's actual birthday and abf texts “by the way happy birthday dude.” to which my response was eyes of flame.
ducks only interested in man's bread
call me an asshole all you want, but there’s no reason to downvote the whole post because i’m an asshole.
15,000 years of human artistic endeavor culminate in see spot run
i knew him last year and he is a nice person, very caring and responsible, sociable.
i accept it and move on.
i tell them that would be fine and i will wait.
bewildered white house press watches dueling huckabee sanderses each claim she the only one telling truth
the girl, however, would still act somewhat distant.
45 million gallons of crude blood lost in red cross pipeline rupture
but about halfway home i realized i forgot to give her the money for babysitting that day.
kid who mowed white house lawn to flip on trump
these guys were my lifelong friends growing up but now they are married with kids (some not by choice), which leaves me by myself most days.
she said she didn't need a present herself, and so if they wanted to do that as well they could.
rain-soaked robert mueller lets manafort surf one final monster wave before bringing him in
the other dog always caused so much trouble and i got extremely sick of it (jumping onto shoe racks to chew on shoes, peeing on her bed, peeing in her kennel, peeing on the couch, trying to get to the ice-maker,....you name it) so i told the boyfriend and asked him if he could ask his sister to take care of her.
her: i was meaning me to as in i'm sorry it came to this.
smiling willie nelson reflects on a lifetime of weed and women
report: modern-day pablo escobar smuggles one-hitter into music festival
to me, i know it’s not her fault she is that way, and i mostly feel pity towards her.
aita if i move and wake my dog?
i am referring to the younger one.
aita for my dislike of smoking?
shortly after i noticed the trend, another coworker mentioned similar issues they had with miriam.
i just wanna know if i'm an asshole for this so i can apologise to her if i need to.
fat couple's love like a fat flower
ben carson wows iowa state fair attendees with massive 300-pound brain
in an angry tone, not yelling, i told her it really bothered me that she equated the two and tried to turn my anger at the situation around on me.
oddly enough, i noticed the toes first.
she’s very stubborn and after saying all this still doesn’t understand where i’m coming from and thinks i just don’t want him in daycare.
we’re planning on going to the bahamas this year and i really just want it to be my husband, me, and our kids.
am i the asshole for not pressing myself against the wall?
we both have jobs, and although i'm far from being rich, she seems to struggle with money more than i do.
the developers recently released a new mode, pushed out a patch, and put the game on a 25% off sale for the steam winter sale.
the horse should have been put down three years ago.
i actually feel a huge sense of relief.
i have a girlfriend in high school who is a senior, but because of the distance, in the first few months of college i got a couple of handjobs from other girls around the school.
oliver stone thriller 'individual 1' already written, filmed, nominated for 5 golden globes
authorities on loudspeaker plead with holdout characters to evacuate disney world while they still can
they just keep giving us sub after sub.
at this point i was tired of talking and ask for a complaint form.
and lowered on some raceland coilovers.
north korea ranked least-entertained nation on earth
vin diesel puts on 35 pounds of bone for upcoming role
'any song can be sad if it has sad memories attached to it,' report newly single sources
since it was often difficult to find someone, i had a great idea.
missing park ranger found in better-paying job
i've always been completely against any type of procedure that changes your appearance.
what else should i have done?(in hindsight, i do feel it was petty, but those people really pissed me off.
like i said before, most of these women have kids and are single/married.
regardless, as i walked away she shouted pretty loudly, "stop harassing me.".
so me and this girl were really close.
i start think about what happened right after the break up and i remember a being really close with me and being very touchy, nothing gross, just physical contact.
sorry if the formatting is weird, on mobille
so, i decided to ask around and finally got the names of those planning the party and decide to ask them if i can come and offer my help, thinking of a simple yes or no answer.
after i left on my trip, he used the money we earned together to invest in a separate business.
hear me out, her mom is a just no narcissistic bitch who i have it confirmed she is trying to insist i get nothing.
grandfather's place at dinner table marked by pills
loser congressman carries around pocket-sized version of constitution everywhere
the glasses and vase are very nice.
nasa: voyager-1 has officially carried remains of joan crawford outside solar system
guinness world records promotes man who can lift 27 pounds with tongue to editor-in-chief
i got scared because it sounded like someone had broken in and the statement “*oh shit she’s in there*” sounds like someone making a hasty decision to peel out.
man hoping people notice how many folding chairs he's carrying at once
new boyfriend charming pants off baskin-robbins staff
u.s. to arab world: 'stop hating us or suffer the consequences'
but i feel if i call it off now with no explanation he can actually continue things with this other girl and still be happy without me being in the way.
one girl who is kinda rude started interrupting me and said i did not know what i was talking about, then, when i told her to stop(after the teacher telling her), she lashed out and started rambling about feminism.
i thought someone was breaking into the room.
104-year-old reveals secret to long life being cursed by witch to wander earth eternally
she’s been standing there looking lost and crying for ages!’ cm: ‘everyone has different methods i’m trying to teach her independence.
report: nearby conversation definitely just got quiet to prevent you from hearing it
infant doing everything in her power to save relationship
now, i already said no to having any money, and i didn't want to say no again.
area family putting a little money away to one day blow on single health scare
third-grader clearly biting off more than he can chew at elementary school book fair
libyans agree to come up with something for qaddafi to do all day in exchange for him leaving
avid fisherman forever ruins fishing for son
i came back late like 20 min before she had to leave for work so i could watch the kids.
aita for making my dad stay for thanksgiving during thanksgiving my family was round for thanksgiving and i don't get to see my dad that often as he works out on the oil rigs.
military institutes new 'don't tell, let me guess' policy
final german u-boat surrenders to allied powers
i just don't want this to be because of "nice guy syndrome", i wanna know if i'm in the right being mad at this girl.
both of our families live in texas, and we currently live in rural california with our two kids.
scientists theorize what earliest dinosaur researchers may have looked like
ik that this is the internet and you rarely get what you want from it but in this case i want part of what the internet is known for.
man always carries gun in case he needs to escalate situation
supporters praise trump for upholding traditional american value of supporting murderous dictators for political gain
my brother’s mental health has also steadily deteriorated, he doesn’t take his meds properly and my uncle has pampered him.
he has been diagnosed with anxiety and depression and i think he'd benefit from going to church as part of it may be to a lack of god in his life.
remington debuts new split barrel murder-suicide shotgun
jews to celebrate rosh hashasha or something
i told her that it made no sense that she was going supposedly to the gym for eight months, yet still didn’t have an ass.
she became hysterical but did finally do it.
am i the asshole for trying?
public calls for formation of some sort of federal administration to manage emergencies
it final dawned on me that the guy might be a pedophile grooming a child for sexual abuse and then i started freaking out about what might be in the thermos.
also i don’t think i explained myself properly when calling myself sedentary.
neighbors remember serial killer as serial killer
justice kennedy out for rest of session with tear in adjudicatory tendon
-employee is trying to justify missing work for two weeks because they have to take care of child while wife is at hospital with sister and mom.
i'm a medical student and last year got grouped with this amazing girl.
my friends were drinking very heavily, along with my girlfriend who was very clearly wasted by the time we called it a night.
&#x200b; finally, he offered to tell me who he had a crush on if i told him who the man's name was.
unfortunately, my wife's epidural chose the c-section time to stop working, and she had to be put under general anesthesia, which meant she was unconscious and i wasn't allowed to be in the or when our daughter was born.
aita for unwittingly breaking a couple up?
anyway, so there were guys in there and i have gotten comments in the past like "ew you didn't wash your hands!
trump announces plan to replace food stamps with new low-income foraging program
i'm an expat on a work visa so i really wanted to save my job.
they still refuse to accept me back into the family as a full member.
how could i be so blind?
i became very angry and stopped speaking to them for about a year.
she says im being emotionally abusive for telling her that i love another woman.
i mentioned it a second time and she seemed annoyed at me for suggesting it.
girlfriend acting all clingy after getting pregnant
when questioned why we were told they wanted more woman in the industry so theyve done this.
chinese man worried you can't have respectful debate about how amazing government is anymore
i haven't asked my twin brother, let's call him henry, to stop being friends with patrick solely because i know that henry would refuse to listen to me and then hold it against me for asking.
aita for outing my closeted brother after he mocked me in front of my family and friends?
now they all complain about having to rent and having to eat ramen.
i tried to explain that i didn’t actually mean to shoot the dog and was just trying to make him stop but he wasn’t having any of it.
nation clinging desperately to brief inspirational moment before being thrust back into raging election maelstrom
lowe's introduces 2-way ladder user can also climb down
it’s not like i’m taking a picture of him in his private home or anything.
(final edit) thanks everyone for the advice!
and if i am how do i make it right?
i am also gay and married.
about 5ish mins later my son has run back round that way and the little girl is still standing in the same spot crying, my son tries to cuddle her and give her a kiss but she pulls away, which is absolutely fine...
he rolls his window down and flips me off.
the next day she comes in complaining that somebody egged and keyed her car, she said her neighbor did it which meant i was off the hook.
**walmart bot** shipment 1 of 1 current status delivered on thu dec 13, 2018 view carrier tracking **walmart bot** did this answer your question?
holocaust survivors recall exact day holocaust started right out of the blue
wibta for feeling i don't owe my mom anything?
she said that she and her so will finish their respective degrees, graduate from college, find work, and move in together.
aita for mowing my lawn at midnight?
my parents would be really upset that i'm dating a boy from one of the rough and poor neighborhoods especially when they told me not to.
after this, one of them sent an email to our boss trying to get me fired because i was creating a "toxic work environment".
i really didn't mean it in a bad way, i just thought she gained weight and it looks good on her.
tide of war turns after rumsfeld's inspiring barracks pep talk
now she isn't a 10/10 i'm an honest person.
he sleeps with anyone he can sleep with.
genetically modified chicken lays its own dipping sauce
she also dusts, vacuums and shovels the cat litter.
impatient nation demands supreme court just get to the gay stuff
i then realized who's skateboard it was, but by then the damage had been done and i kept my mouth shut.
that's not a problem since i know she is in good financial circumstances and i wouldnt even care about not getting somewhat 20 bucks back.
so last night i come in the front door from work and i immediately smell dog poop.
staples brings on extra staff to sit around and do nothing for busy back-to-school season
he has apparently had terrible experiences with his family in the past, but he told me his parents and sister blame their divorce on him.
cartoon character translated seamlessly into noodle
over the past few months i've had to install other apps on my phone and i deleted them because there wasn't enough space.
however, on the first time he met my younger sister (18) they ended up hooking up that night.
i do not recall him saying that he was going to buy *diamond earrings* for someone however.
she is the lucky one here and i’m the the one stuck with her.
she had talked to me about him, but he was never a serious boyfriend and was never going to be.
this is not in line with the previous theory that this took place for reasons other than for sexual gratification.
waves of rage overcame me, but the illusion had been shattered, i knew now what happened, that i wasn't crazy, and that the people in front of me were just truly despicable people, this was a guy that i shook hands with, that i let hang out with my gf because i was trusting.
we decided to pay for a trip-bus so we can all travel together, and the first person to greets us is our aunt.
aita for not wanting to attend my friend’s wedding since i am not a bridesmaid?
i chose the topic about radical feminism.
she's actually making it a huge deal now.
production of 'iceman cometh' canceled due to entire cast getting called back for axe body spray commercial
area man considers self ally to women unless they threaten his status in literally any way
two workers who i am on good terms with ask me if i would eat lunch with them.
i apologised in person later and she said it was fine but i didn't buy her a new juice or anything since 1)it wasn't me who took it and i told him not to and 2) she didn't ask me to and 3)i thought her note was kind of rude and passive aggressive.
i have full benefits, pension, and a salary that increases every year.
as i said, we were fortunate enough to have some good luck in our careers, but that was only just recently (like, it was less than a year ago that we stopped living paycheck-to-paycheck), so while we are doing much better, we are far from wealthy.
hospital paperwork reduces man's reading comprehension to first-grade level
ben carson slowly floats away from earth
i let him blow me quite a few times over the coming weeks/months 3.
report: americans most physically active when getting comfy
epa urges nation to develop new air source
garden state some poor fuck's favorite movie
yesterday i broke up with her after learning about her past.
got into a fight with him and told him he embarrasses me.
too late now to switch from checkout line with talkative cashier
aita for slapping my 5 year old cousin?
so i’m living in college dorms that don’t have the thickest walls, to be fair.
being closeted is more-so about survival than anything else and i feel like shit tldr; my closeted bully of an older brother got mad at me at christmas eve dinner bc my mom showed off my academic success at his expense.
i then brought up the 5 euro donation she had solicited from joe; the guy who had dealt with them when he had come to the shop.
hulk hogan donates hair to lucky locks of love recipient
when i got home, she was livid.
kept asking if the team was suuure they actually wanted me around.
lee greenwood urges u.s. to take military action against iraq
he kept saying that she's sick and she needs help.
i began to create multiple alts and randomly post rsn articles.
they would embarrass us in front of our friends and when we were at the park or something they would drive up and take us away for no reason they constantly said no to us hanging out with friends and i admit it probably did some lasting social damage to me because even now in my 30s i have no friends.
wilbur ross shakes self awake after briefly dying during cabinet meeting
jessica simpson reveals slimmer figure after chopping off limbs
she responded saying she accepted the apology, but stated we can't just be friends if i was going to keep trying to change her mind on the matter.
news flash, theyre billion dollar corporations, just like banks.
ice agent can't believe he being reprimanded for child who died all those months ago
he has late night meetings sporadically because head office is in a different time zone.
me: lol i'm not buying shit u can take those bottles and shove them wwaaaay up ur ass rm: okay.
area mofo announces plans to chill
authorities urge louisiana residents to evacuate dangerous lower income brackets
we were playing stupid games like never have i ever and truth or dare within the cabin with the other kids, and immediately sam was singling me out.
i felt that wasnt really a reason at all but just the way she feels about it.
aita - for breaking my best friend’s balls?
wedding dj could have anyone here
i wanted to convince him to stop smoking as a friend, because smoking is harmful to our body and i do care about his health.
senator brings obscene material to national attention
well, it'd be a good idea for me to drive/have my own car, right?
well, 2 of my housemates are jewish, one of them isnt really that deep into it, just belives because her family is ( i suppose) but the other one takes it really seriously, and not only religion, lets say you cannot say any opinion that doesnt match hers because she get offended easily.
area bastards pick wrong guy to mess with this time
she said she didn't know how to and so i told her to "just google it".
well, i wasn’t in a very good mood so i replied and told her that in a religion where being humble and modest are virtues, it’s incredibly arrogant to think that **your** prayers saved my ass from being turnt to ashes, as well as communicating that i can tell it bothers her that i don’t believe in god.
i only like the caramel corn.
last week he called to let me know he would be bringing his boyfriend (he is a homosexual) to thanksgiving and i told him i was going on a cruise.
here's the part that i'm getting shakey about.
so my ex and i haven’t talked since ~late summer 2017.
police officer doesn't see a difference between black, light-skinned black suspects
he proceeds to tell me that he's not her babysitter or her stepfather.
theodore roosevelt was a gay man
so for those reasons, i don't think i'm being one-sided (or an asshole) by accepting my dad's generous offers.
i lost my temper after a few minutes and eventually told my dad to fuck off and get some control in his relationship.
man pushing self to point of effort
i'm not signing any papers saying i'm the father or claiming any father rights.
i took 95% of the week off during the time she was in hospital, spending essentially the entire day to be in hospital with her to aid in her mobility/ambulation/activities of daily living, and slept on the pull-out couch in her room every night.
okay, whatever, she'll get over it.
so if i'm worth $31/hr, i should put 77% effort into my job.
german luftwaffle chain offers waffles, overwhelming air superiority
i'm getting up into the aisle.
that said, if he hadn't asked her out first i was 100% going to.
am i the asshole if i turn the air off at night?
aita asking random women to join me at a bar, then asking them to buy the second round okay, so this was a while back.
if you don’t know the chungus anthem originates from a pewdiepie video [the video]( i am not sure if this counts as spam as the definition of spam is (irrelevant or unsolicited messages sent over the internet, typically to a large number of users, for the purposes of advertising, phishing, spreading malware, etc.) and (send the same message indiscriminately to (a large number of internet users).
( it isn't my native language.) first some backstory: whenever our school schedules match up, i ride back home with one or two friends.
this just doesn't sit well with me.
okay well i posted casually in another aita post and i actually got some good feedback on a minor disagreement with my gf.
i tried to approach and it came to me and was very friendly/knew commands.
i remember that fishfan420 was there on skype with them, but i don't remember anything else that was said.
another housemate said that she would be okay with paying, because she knows how tight it was for us to get the tv and she uses the tv a lot.
my (20m) girlfriend (19f) an i have been dating for 9 months and all has been going well until a recent argument.
bit more back story, we are severally broke due to unforeseen problems.
&#x200b; last weekend i bumped into her by coincidence at the mall when she was out with friends and i begged her to give me a second chance and i even had my friend tell her how she made me cry and cut myself and that i was really sorry.
after going to bed i wake up and felt a lot better...realized i might have over-reacted.
i can say that didn't go over well.
and becuase of this, i don't like a whole lot of noise.
i was really getting sick of his shit because he is the most inconsiderate person i've ever met and only thinks about himself.
i tried sticking it out and i don’t want to work here.
aita for not wanting to pay my brothers extra money out of an inheritance for a property?
gop officials: kavanaugh shouldn't be held accountable for something he did as white teenager
it has now become clear to me that i will not be in her wedding party.
idaho legislature declares english only language they know
so he did take the hint, and left.
i told him i was too scared to disappoint him and pretended to drive myself to planned parenthood where i concocted a fake miscarriage story.
they knew the situation i was and am in.
i was conflicted, and strongly considered telling the mother the truth, but ultimately i did not out of a (admittedly stupid) loyalty to my friend's teenage agreement and fear of repercussions.
gears of war crimes court finds 2006 locust horde massacre justified
so my partner travels a lot for work, leaving me quite a lot of time alone with just the kids which suits me perfectly anyways.
sometimes he will shave his own head.
she recalled this and said that she was 16 and she just wanted to get my permission first.
paul mccartney saddened after learning about death of longtime collaborator john lennon
and honestly, if he hadn't preemptively whined about it already, i probably would have explicitly asked him to not remain friends with patrick.
aita for asking if a girl was pregnant or just fat?
classmates awed by first-grader who gets free breakfast every day
it was a small victory but none the less i didn’t expect her to cry.
we then decided to get married so she could come with me, something that she has agreed upon since the beginning.
i don’t know how she does it, living.
and i think my gf is in love with another girl..
it comes to around 1:30pm which is around the time i expected we would be leaving to go to my rents (we usually do late lunch at my place around 2pm, it's the same every year and my partner often jokes about the fact that its always a "late lunch around 2pm").
she said what does that mean.
friends always on best behavior around neil labute
france, india, brazil among dozens of governments to fall as riots in support of onion social increase globally
w1 opened the garage door with a tired look in his whole posture and i waited for about 6-8 minutes outside before i went back inside to get my still angry dad to stop talking to these people and go home.
about two hours beforehand he called me "asking" if a mutual acquaintance could join us.
man at amusement park gets right back in line for another funnel cake
oh and my husband is keeping all the money so i can barely spend on myself.
wibta if i turn off the air at night and my roommate doesn’t know my roommate would prefer the air to be at 74 degrees.
i was worried and confused then i heard a noise from my brothers room, so i investigate.
when i see a mentally challenged person coming onto the bus, and the seat next to me is empty, i either put my bag on it, or try to sit as widely as possible.
after that, during the holidays i did what every picky asshole like myself would do, which is hinting at possible gifts that i wanted.
they have reached "success", i admit.
but i don’t want to give him the money right now ($30) because i didn’t like the way he asked for it.
am i the ass for getting turned on?
delusional man somehow thinks he's going to get oscar nomination
russian olympic coach gently breaks news to hulking 200-pound gymnast that she won't be competing in south korea
aita for sarcastically telling my husband it's not a big deal or is he the asshole for calling me a cunt afterward?
my son is 33 and lives 7 hours away.
it was something pretty mundane and i went back to what i was doing.
and ( this isn't to not make me an asshole ) it was mostly friends b idea, but i know i should have said no to him.
am i the (complete) asshole here?
only way base jumper can get thrill these days is by jumping tandem with endangered species
one week after our breakup she started dating a friend of mine, one of the two i introduced her, and he was telling me how sorry he was and that he was sad for me.
i told him i needed space and he said ok, hasn't contacted me since (which is a little suspicious...) i also found of from him that he going to evening classes once a week on the day he told me he was out with his friends.
i try not to be exclusive as much as i can.
anyway, he takes the spaghetti out, gives it to me, and then flips out on me saying i'm crazy and childish and that he doesn't give a fuck about my goal.
senior-center residents debate new anchorwoman's ethnicity for fifth straight evening
she also said, "i think you have a little ~spice~ in you.
panic rapidly setting in as man realizes he has no plan for ripe avocado
national board of steve jaskoviak requests $10 billion bailout
he then points to the lady sitting on the computer and says ‘she is fat like her but smaller’ at this point, i am trying to apologize.
am i the asshole for calling him useless?
and to make things worse, when i finally recovered.
he told me he never wanted to talk to me again and he said i was being rude by telling him and i hurt him.
and i didn't believed her that time either.
but then, hours later they asked if i would ask them for permission to use it...
which i happily would, and she knows it.
r&b singer guesses she'll just keep moaning into mic until song is over
steven spielberg: can his career be salvaged?
i don't really want to keep this going anywhere because i think it might come back to bite me in the ass in the future.
she is high-functioning asd, what used to be called asperger's, and isn't good at reading social cues - so she steps over my boundaries without meaning to.
​ i originally thought i wasn't the asshole here, but thinking about it, the guy spent an hour on the project while he needed to study, while i gave up quickly.
aita for hating my girlfriends parents for not allowing me to stay in their house while they were out?
michelle obama shutters 'let's move!' program after failed 3-year run
then i refused to give the seat (that i brought over) so someone else could play.
i have tried to call him for the past week and he has not answered.
i finally was able to fall asleep.
my step-mom has a lot of problems.
she has pretty much ruined my standing with my family.
john kelly explains to furious trump that gold star widow cannot be demoted to silver star widow
israel's, hamas' disregard for palestinian life aligning nicely
i can read you like a book.
most of all i've been so much nicer to him and we are back to getting along great.
plus, they can be stressful: after last year's semi, one of my friends was diagnosed with anorexia because she thought she looked fat in her dress and ended up being hospitalized.
point in evening reached where everyone tries to lift biggest friend
top snake handler leaves sinking huckabee campaign
m made a joke about it being her turn to sleep in with k, since they've been doing it for years, although they haven't seen each other as much lately so sleepovers only happen around once a year.
'stranger things 2' creators say keen viewers will notice twinge of disappointment hidden in every scene
but now i have to pretend to him and all of our friends that i haven't seen it.
his account is a gold-mine of what we would call cringe.
dreamcatcher on rearview mirror protects sleeping driver
pope francis finds self in hell after taking wrong turn in vatican catacombs
i asked the cashier if there were any cheaper ones and he said no, they (corporate, not him, he was really great!) expect people like me to be forced to pay a premium since i'm in a bind without any other options.
whether or not i'm the asshole will definitely affect how i approach the weekend.
i know that what i did was horrible, but my grandpa is the best person in my entire family.
sometimes, he and his group of friends tease me and make fun of my appearance.
new homeowner suddenly fascinated by molding
aita for wanting my boyfriend to spend time together on our anniversary?
hopefully nothing worse happened to this guy.
we saw each other just 10 hours ago for christ sakes!!!
when my girlfriend “helps”, she just randomly stacks stuff.
long story short, she was hostile throughout the whole conversation and she ended up saying that she knew for sure for the last 3 years at least.
aita for sleeping with my ex.
john kelly resigns in last-ditch effort to save his and trump's friendship
i also am relatively social, and would hang out with friends once or twice a week on average (used to be 4-5 times a week when i used to be single).
we left instructions in the procided section on how to call us if they could not get in our building.
i'm friends with this girl and living in a different city for university.
the first few months of our relationship were very "innocent" i guess you could call it.
aita for standing up and dancing at a concert?
she licks nipples, she asks for spankings, she wants to call me daddy, ect.
encouragement of family, friends motivating man to keep struggling indefinitely
she led a boy on for three years just because she wanted to do it because it was "funny".
and are blaming me for the entire thing.
she asked why and i said it’s not entirely appropriate to walk around half-dressed in front of her father now that she’s a young woman.
it seems like common sense to me.
but, i took it because i get anxiety in tight spaces.
it’s not cool.” which got me thinking - am i the asshole for trying to look out for this young girl?
i feel like she doesn’t understand that it’s not something that happens overnight and i’m doing everything i can to fix it.
north korea successfully detonates nuclear scientist
however, he's been to british boarding schools or something like that and is pretty culturally western.
he texted me the next day.
she refused so i walked up to him and told him i know that they are friends but to please respect boundaries.
i guess i can’t provide full context unless you’ve been at a live sporting event and have a devout passion for one of the teams playing, but this is reddit, so everyone is allowed to have an opinion.
entire southern border somehow on fire 10 minutes after kushner begins tackling immigration system
she thinks that the reason he's not ending the relationship is because he still has feelings for me and is too scared to end it.
son of edward r. murrow says father 'real dirtbag' compared to onion reporters
i don’t want to finish with my guy but i also don’t want to stop sleeping with another person.
howie long expresses desire to direct radio shack spots
lo and behold, it’s a girl.
he somehow blames me for this for whatever reason.
the waitress looked at me but didn't say anything.
she on the other hand came there hoping i was again the confident, funny, and charming guy she first met, before i let her walk all over me and send me on a guilt trip.
aita for telling my friend that the girl he was talking to over discord was transgender?
after she hung up i was furious (she was my first girlfriend and i had never been broken up with before).
tl;dr one of my closest friends had a nye 21st birthday party that started at 10 and my friends couldn’t get there until past midnight.
don't get me wrong, i love my mom to death, but conversations with her tend to by straining on me, because they usually turn into interrogations where she just grills me about my bad grades, or my bad eating habits, or whatever else she disapproves of in that moment, which means i'm put on edge whenever she comes and chats with me.
10-month-old pug worried upon reaching age when father developed debilitating breathing problems
as the fight begun i threw a roundhouse kick that knocked him unconscious and gave him a mild concussion.
also it's not like i can realistically do much to actually end the relationship, short of telling our parents.
today she messaged me - 3 days after i had unfriended her - asking why she can't see me on league.
report: you have been selected to make a purchase at the onion store
i cranked it up and let the tunes belt out of my phone.
or rather, i gave him too many chances to fuck me over and he took almost all of them.
i asked how many calories she is on per day and she told me around 1200, i track my calories and macros to a t and she had told me she'd been doing the same, i asked to see and she showed me a 1200 calorie myfitnesspal screen with food she had eaten.
she said i had no business going through her phone and said that parents could make their kids do whatever, and i said they shouldn't make fun of their kids like that and forcing them to a social event will only make the kids dislike the parents.
my girlfriend thinks i'm an asshole and i'm "harassing" this "poor family" when all i want is to fucking sleep.
roommate and i had a deal, we take turns buying crates of water and we share each other's water that way.
'100% of teenagers huge fucking assholes,' confirms study by sobbing, red-faced scientists
it painted women as nothing more than villains, even if his protagonist was a female, it still didn’t balance the scales for me.
seemingly shy woman really just stuck-up, friends say
my friends give different avenues of the story but both avenues lead to the same ending.
aita for having a sleepover with one friend but not the other just to preface my post i want to mention that i'm one of those lucky millennials who can't get a job in their chosen field of study and i'm now living at home with the parents.
especially since we will both probably be using snap chat and instagram while we are there.
family members locked in heated bidding war to convince cat to sleep in their bed
one got suspended for 4 days for talking to someone else about how they want me to just kill myself.
star wars fan collects all 48,720
hare krishnas: 'hare krishna, hare krishna, krishna krishna, hare hare'
she say no as she doesn't like dbz.
i told her that i was not comfortable with her being in the company of drunk people.
i told her i had no interest in a one sided friendship where i'm being used.
like, i've never been so frustrated with anything else when i wake up to that tinkering, check the clock, and its 6 am.
(just what aita meant) edit3: the server only had a bit over 100 people in it, most of them being my friends.
papa looks at her cheek and when he saw it was a dog bite immediately picked up the closest dog and broke its neck.
aita for being angry at my gf for drinking something she already swore off alcohol is a big issue for me in our relationship.
aita [petty but still] this moderator got on my nerves me: unremove my post i broke no rules moderator: a please would be nice me: please?
it is true i first go to sleep when most people wake up but i sleep during the day and can function the same amount a person with a normal sleep schedule could.
my boyfriend bought the tickets for both of us (£40 total) and surprised me with them, excited for us to have this event to go to.
study reveals 93% of americans don't know their congressperson truly, utterly, the way only two souls entwined can
am i an asshole for shopping like this?
hospital comforts patients with new therapy oyster program
she eventually got the situation sorted out, but she refuses to be friends with me for not saying anything.
they hadn't warned me completely what it was about and i wasn't given a lot of info regarding what i had to do.
i do not know this girl.
man suddenly regretting asking to be taken seriously by peers
the management rejected my friend, and instead brought on an old friend of one of our coaches, who played the same role as me.
'i'll make those bastards pay,' teary-eyed mueller whispers into locket containing photo of james comey
&#x200b; that isn't talking shit, that is poking fun/teasing like you and i do all the time.
not my business to argue with her about that.
my girlfriend likes all three, but her favorite is the caramel corn.
last week her parents threw her a surprise "coming out" party for everyone to show support.
so, after a couple weeks, he started up again.
kid about to meet brooklyn nets must not be very sick
yet his honk hand was steady.
she initially didn’t want to come but i begged her to come, as my family can be a little unbearable.
self-defense instructor simulates attacker right down to erection
i found it incredibly sexist and ignorant.
electoral college does what it was either designed to do or explicitly designed to prevent
shouldn't you want to spend time with your grandkids?" my wife spoke up and said that yes, we would be happy to spend time with them, but that we weren't going to be babysitters, we wouldn't be raising them, we would spend them with the *family*, not *just* the grandkids -- we would not be free daycare or babysitting, we would not be taking them on trips, spoiling them, etc.
g then moved back to where she actually lives (it's a small town in the middle of nowhere many hours from our town)he goes to visit her a few times and a month passes.
then last night i found out she had gotten a bf and completely cut her out after finding that out, i blocked her on everything.
man disgusted just by constant thought of 2 guys kissing
i don't usually take them at all.
'stargate sg-1' fans disappointed to see richard dean anderson walk onto stage like a normal person
we actually dated two years ago (middle school was a weird time) and at the time he still generally acted like a decent person.
aita for not wanting my (sort of) girlfriend to not date other guys while we take a break?
if he's not trying to manipulate me, i'm interested in being his friend again and letting the past go.
also keep in mind everyone’s a baby role player but you and me here.
fisher-price designer would like to see 2-year-old try and choke on newest version
chevron touts green initiative with hybrid-powered oil drilling platforms
paul ryan calls on trump to take dismantling of america more seriously
i woke up this morning to make some breakfast.
a few weeks ago, i saw on facebook that she asked another childhood best friend to be her maid of honor.
new app sends dating profile straight to friends, coworkers to laugh at without ever connecting users to each other
after i miss enough days school they call my mom and she calls me and i'm just like it doesn't matter becos i wasn't going to graduate anyway?
that is why i responded the way that i did.
i have a very dominant personality and i like humiliating and shaming people, husbands and wives.
she thinks i should have realized that she legitimately thought i was n.
i'm always big on being honest, so i asked her bluntly if she wanted to go back to my place and fool around.
for another school i got accepted into, i emailed the department head and asked questions about their school and he got back quickly and answered all my questions and more.
&#x200b; i was arguing that what we find funny doesn't mean we support what the joke states.
tragic oscar-night camera malfunction leaves seven critically underpublicized
i dread their company and it mentally taxes me.
popular new exercise app just tells users they ran 5 miles a day no matter what
eventually i mentioned to her that i had a great time, but had church early in the morning and had to head home.
apple user acting like his dad just died
i was bored and just picked the streamer with the most views, because the chat and streamer interaction are usually pretty funny anyways.
the last team i was on were kind of assholes about my skill level, and i was super happy to be on a new team that seemed full of kind people.
he was supposed to come home, here, until he met b.
its been over a year, and recently her friend wished me happy birthday, which was odd because i hardly talk to her.
he says alright and brings her outside with him after a while so he can keep an eye on her while he's doing yard work on his 5 acre property.
local mosque only rated 1.5 stars on yelp
only when i’m not talking to her about it and basically when i forget about it completely.
the next couple of weeks it’s pretty awkward, hugging or taking.
one user in particular, u/jt_diamond, made it his personal mission to destroy the rsn website.
new pre-sauced napkins can be thrown away straight from package
aita for despising the hypocritical side of my mom?
university of nevada renames vito corleone school of business following latest accusations against benefactor
a stranger probably wouldn’t even know.
in the event that something happens to him or he somehow gets out, i can be home in six hours time.
national forest service recommends campers tie up their food to avoid attracting other visitors
i just met them a few months before, didn’t even know my cousin had kids until then.
i think this explanation makes sense, though.
especially when i have trust issues when it comes to friends.
we went to therapy for over a year.
rock and roll hall of fame retires 'd' chord
protagonist rapidly getting dressed must be late, reports cunning viewer recognizing film's subtext
but hey, maybe i'm in the wrong here.
she’s been acting up and arguing with me so i went to bed.
trump thanks supporters who sacrificed time, money, friends, family, morals, religious beliefs to be here today
she starts pulling them out the door i pull back.
dolphin spends amazing vacation swimming with stockbroker
worker told to have fun operating shake machine
she's just a closet alcoholic (just, haha).
stephen miller furious at propublica for only releasing 7-minute recording of immigrant children sobbing
hidden valley ranch bombed by balsamic extremists
area woman slams down phone, waits for it to ring
jenny said she felt so unsafe with me in the house she went home.
while we were talking about her i told him that she was transgender and thats when things went downhill.
feeling bad about the whole thing this morning, just looking for a 3rd party perspective.
bird reflects on frailty, impermanence of life after finding dead human on sidewalk
airbnb user loves how easy website makes it to ejaculate in stranger's sink
i explained that's just the way i choose to play the game, i'm not like that in other parts of the internet to no effect.
one day i get back from a competition and i'm hanging out by myself when i get a text from her.
he sees this girl and sits with us, and he starts doing his bullshit.
**given the context and my "evidence" for him being gay, would i be the asshole if i finally went to him directly and confessed my feelings, knowing that he's said he's straight and has a long-time girlfriend?
i hooked up with this girl one time 7 months ago, used a condom and she said she was on birth control and 7 months later i get a call last week saying that she's pregnant and that it's up to me if i want to be involved in this child's life.
i responded with support, saying the following: "i support human rights.
pekingese really letting self go since winning westminster
should i tell her to not have him over anymore ??
juror way too far into trial to ask what 'contusions' are now
they need to tell you things like “excuse me, you are in the way,” and “can i work in?” i really do not want to tap you on the shoulder.
so for context, john has been upset at me for not hanging out with him as much as i used to.
best buy employee going to tell you what he has at home
she told me the night we got together she didn't want to be exclusive so things ended.
i have to get back from work too.
body breaking down in totally different order than man expected
so i found that every class i'm the only one asking questions or responding to the teacher.
antarctic observational comic running out of ideas
i have tried to explain what my wants and sexual needs are, however the topic is often shut down as he is uncomfortable to discuss.
mitsubishi from 'the fast and the furious' lands first directorial role
obama leaves post-it on counter with quick note explaining how to use extralegal surveillance apparatus
local man thinking about becoming asshole
&#x200b; the reason i called her stupid was because its a bad idea, we struggle with money as it is right now and she has to constantly borrow money from her mother.
aita for blaming my employee for showing up late?
when we began dating/being intimate he cut it down to once or twice a week (or so he claims).
man just needs to power through another day of not being broke and unemployed
he's unfocused and is borderline apathetic to everything.
he has seniority on me by a year and a half.
me and my kids were having an argument (the details don't matter) and at one point my son called me a "fat, selfish faggot" and a "lying shitbag who hates his own kids" (paraphrasing).
they’re adamant about not letting anyone know.
for the last week i've tried talking to all my co-workers to get someone to cover me, but to no avail.
man resolves to read the wikipedia tabs he already has open before starting new ones
all the sudden i get another wave of poop smell in my face.
no one even wants to discuss it.
that means everytime the alarm goes off me and my coworkers (if i'm at work) get a bit of a scare until the "low intensity" part comes through.
aita for taking my friend's fears personally?
i talked to her about it and she says she doesn't care because i am the best thing that ever happened to her and that she doesn't care as long as we are together.
i spoke with the course leader who told me to let him know if they don't contribute anything so i will do the work and leave their name on it but let him know they did nothing.
i think it's not out of the question that people can get that from fractured relationship with their significant other.
this involves 3 people who i will call by the animal names (besides myself) me - me, also someone who has aspergers.
his parents live up north so i had only met them on skype.
update: 'the onion' apologizes for killing innocent boston man tom mahoney
i get it (grad program) is hard but you snapped at me me: you spammed me in class what did you expect!
i stepped in and told them that to be careful.
biden pins up guitar lesson flyers on white house bulletin board
i think just staying the night there would be a risk.
trump warns iran that u.s. won't tolerate widespread suffering in any country besides america
i know practice rooms exist, but they don't have the speakers i need, i need to rent them, and at my school they are really hard to book.
but i'm still incredibly bitter at them.
i’ve been told multiple times that i have more responsibilities because i am more experienced suggesting i am an asset to the team.
(i had mania and was very mean to her two years ago and she hasn’t forgiven me but we’ve never spoken about it )
six months into this relationship and ex found about us and decided to send me her nudes and captioned it saying ‘here are the photos you asked me for’.
everyone has told me that most couples don't survive the long distance thing, especially as students who won't be able to afford to quickly nip down or up to see each other regularly.
aita for being annoyed with white elephant parties?
my sister and i (m) are both working people living out of town, and we came home for thanksgiving.
to whom i introduced him to no less.
i also have anxiety and depression that i am battling during all of it, hence my lack of patience for stupidity/bitchiness/drama.
here is roughly the discussion that followed: &#x200b; i said that i would be fine with it if anyone else brought their sos, and there was no reason to exclude someone who hung out with us regularly.
'without them you could buy anything,' whispers amazon echo as man stares blankly at family
i'm in my band class working with the students and one of my trombone players walk in late.
i told him that maybe he should really try to walk a mile in my shoes.
aita for semi-directly causing a very serious car accident?
they also need things like deodorant, nail clippers, combs.
it was never even mentioned to me.
maybe not today, but eventually .
they needed a specific time that we planned on going.
what happened then opened my eyes.
this might be location dependent, so i'll just say i'm in the maryland-dc-virginia area on the us east coast.
he knows i don't really eat or like much meat and right away he wants to put beef ( this is mostly because he wants his wife to eat the pizza who he treats like a princess amd always tries to make sure everything is her way).
she just keeps coming with names and telling me she will fight me.
everybody knows its not fucking true cause she eats half the fucking cafeteria on breaks.
he seems extra out of it this time and i would know because i've known him a very long time.
new study finds only 88% of guitar center customers become famous musicians
so i don't have a ton of faith that this situation won't repeat itself in the coming years, and i'll be solo-dadding for large chunks of time on a semi-regular basis.
she always barely responds to my conversations.
we were having a lot of fun and we were basically dating but without the label.
local news anchor mistakenly reveals salary during broadcast
i'm actually leaning towards the latter because he's such a giant dickhead to me.
i don’t know what to call this guy.
if there isnt a chance for a hookup/romance i generaly stop talking to them as a rule off thumb.
department of agriculture locates perfect goat
i'd only put in 77% of effort if there's a net societal benefit to the person dying.
if i wasn't so careless, she would be having the best birthday of her life right now.
yes i was planning on skipping lunch with grandpa and my family but i was planning on spending time with him once i picked up my daughter that afternoon.
to be clear, i have never looked at his bank accounts, except 1.5 years ago when this all happened.
aita for punching my 12 year old brother in the back of the head?
on the way i told her to do a virtual doctor visit.
&#x200b; so two nights ago i had some wine and left my dirty wine glass in the sink.
john bolton warns war with north korea won't be cakewalk like iraq
entire republican national convention stunned as ann romney asks for divorce
for what concerns the giving portion, i am really good at it ( at least for what concerns my presents to her ) while she's quite terrible.
i have two questions: wibta if i stayed with my girlfriend because i enjoy her friendship, sex, other relationship things, etc..., but i no longer see her as someone i would want to marry?
i'm sorry but if that's someone's worst fear, they need to get a fucking grip.
woodpecker having difficulty remembering tree where he got the really good bugs that one time
i told him i love him very much and wanted to marry him but felt unimportant to him and like this isn't what he really wanted so i didn't want to wear the ring that night.
here's a little back story of my marriage: we have been together almost 3 years, got engaged after 7 months, married after about a year and a half.
upcoming 'red dead redemption 2' expansion allows players to experience story from horse's perspective
(we bacame friends because i offered him a ride home so he wouldn't have to walk in 98° fahrenheit weather in pants.) near the end of the friendship tony, pablo and i are hanging out.
sure, area man can watch your cat while his life is falling apart
gold bond spokesman grudgingly admits it makes your balls tingle
seriously, i just wanted my mower back since he couldn’t accept that his child was just as involved in my daughters act as he was.
-succesfully turned all my friends against me for a year, using the excuse that i was "homophobic, racist, sexist etc." which i am not.
obama revises campaign promise of 'change' to 'relatively minor readjustments in certain favorable policy areas'
aita for calling my girlfriend an attention whore it sounds horrible but it wasn't that bad.
i was reading a comment section on a news website that said a certain politician was 'gaslighting'.
i feel like i destroyed a relationship and i'm not even interested in her romantically.
my girlfriend of five months and me have an active sex life.
lately i have not been able to care about us as much as i want to.
she now makes a substantial amount of money from ig and her sponsors and partnerships.
ex 1:threw a hissy fit because i took "her" seat on the bus(no assigned seats.) i offered to move, but she just gave me the death glare and sat somewhere else.
he keeps talking about his feelings but he hasn't been there at all for me during this time with my mom.
i don't want to go into much detail but basically i caught my boyfriend talking to his friends about how much of a whore and freak i was.
beautiful cinnamon roll too good for this world, too pure
at this point i got to thinking that i really wished i had gone.
local fabric store urges you to check them out on twitter
final consensus: i had been on the fence about this ever since it happened, but hearing some unbiased opinions have made me learn my lesson, and that is not to hit on people who have to be nice as their job, and cringe=creepy...
living with this man is like having a three year to clean up behind.
i say something along the lines of "your english is really good!" she criticizes me for saying that.
&#x200b; we fall asleep and wake up in the morning.
i couldn't get any details of the "revenge porn" without pushing someone harder than i wanted to, and while it certainly looks like he was one of the rapists, the fact is that i'm basing that judgment off of a witch hunt.
alcohol unfairly blamed for local man's impaired judgment
he basically sucks to be around.
but i shall leave myself out of it.
the thing is, it was only 2pm when the dog "woke him up." apparently, j is demanding total silence at every hour of the day, not just at night.
astronomers caution americans not to look directly at screaming spirits of the damned during solar eclipse
troubling study finds majority of americans who got it aren't flaunting it
she just spent $400 on a 200 gallon aquarium and stand wanting to add another one to our livingroom.
it'd be one thing if i were spending our own money for these occasional solo trips, but she's basically saying "i don't want you to go unless your dad pays for all of us to go." the frustration is understandable, she wants to see her family too, but the sense of entitlement to my dad's charity and her "all or nothing" attitude is a bit ridiculous.
let’s see how much traction this gets as you finish laughing.
they walk around all day outside, stepping on all kinds of stuff (dirty sidewalks, animals poop, bacteria, germs, etc) and then they walk on their floors with the same shoes.
he also claims that we never facetime for a few minutes which is false because we’ve literally done it before.
the reasons which made me think we're not "meant" for each other are still ever present but she has some other qualities that made me overlook them.
aita for calling someone out on this (in my opinion) toxic behaviour?
aita for not initially responding positively to my 19-year-old friend’s and her so-of-6-month’s engagement announcement last night, i got drinks and caught up with my friend (let’s call her susan), as we hadn’t seen each other in a few months (we go to different colleges, so we don’t get to see each other often).
even business card trying too hard
so-called 'atheist' doesn't even barge into churches screaming 'you're all brainwashed fools'
'after earth ii' tanks at box office
david brooks decries incivility of modern plumbing after tripping on feet and falling headfirst into toilet
interesting that the responses have been broad across the spectrum.
so innocent, so unaware of the problems that revolve around her young parents.
they live in a large house in the suburbs, which they moved into recently.
none of these things are legal and i have not consented to any of this.
aita for wanting my fiancè to help me with my anger issues?
girl finally speaking up enough for people to critique her speaking voice
it's not that i don't trust my son, it's because i strive to provide a safe environment.
however the baby scare freaked him the fuck out.
roy moore disgusted by thought of groping breasts of sexually mature woman
the apartment had a landline phone.
audience calls candidates back on stage for debate encore
customer awkwardly accepts one cent, receipt
turns out that instead, she became depressed and gained 25 pounds.
aita for yelling at my cousin for being unemployed?
2-hour meeting spent thinking up hashtag absolutely nobody on planet earth will ever use
its also not the kind of event we enjoy going too, we both hate crowds and loud music.
at first, the dog owner walked past us shouting my dog needed to be under control while walking away, but later took a trip back down to confront me about him.
she makes most of the money and works really hard to make us comfortable, which i thought might be too much pressure so i said id take over all my expenses but she fought me, saying she wanted to stay a team.
my reply is that you wouldve just done your thing and moved on.
it's because i have mentioned this event and i'm now holding it over him.
she apologizes to me and said that she has been married for four years, and that she wanted to stop our convos but she feels like she has a connection to me.
outline of inhaler clearly visible in comic-con attendee's lycra bodysuit
i had regrettably failed to emotionally support her during some very stressful months and due to this and a few other issues on my end she was considering breaking up with me.
reddi-wip casually announces their nozzles can easily fit into most orifices
be careful not to include your adress by shipping it to him." her: ,,i dont know what you are talking about, this is a normal guy who just wants to live his fetish, if i get some extra bucks to spend, we are all happy.
anyways so i basically have always felt left out and distrustful of my family.
later that day o found out that she cried during lunch.
ok, so since it was out of our hands i took the lead in making decorations, hand-made games, buying games, etc.
look, i am not trying to be the villain in this scenario.
u.s. indicts 12 russian officials who will be indicted for 2018, 2020 election hacking
we immediately knew who it was.
sorry) in my class tell me that my friend was talking shit about me to these “gals”.
i was extremely confused because normally she'd say something along the lines of, "fuck off i'm hungry stop being an idiot." she said it was because she was around new friends, but we never had issues swearing at each other in front of friends before.
lanthanum quits periodic table of elements
the next morning i ignored my girlfriends texts but my friend called me so i responded (male friend).
tl;dr: actually, either read the whole thing or don't answer.
u.n. peacekeepers pulled from bosnia to mow ted turner's lawn
elon musk offering $1.2 billion in grants to any project that promises to make him feel complete
decided to try and end it, not good enough to end it, so i let her do it for me by getting her to a point where she was sick of me.
i support her right to be a complete moron, as long as she does it by herself, which she was doing.
trump confident u.s. military strike on syria wiped out russian scandal
but in the meantime that i intervened this hold-up of dryers, most of the surrounding piles if wet clothes disappeared.
25-year-old goes on raucous immunization binge on night before losing parents' health insurance
pope francis hosts feathered serpent god as part of deity exchange program
i was extremely kind, apologetic and basically begging to be forgiven and allowed to be late.
parents at graduation celebrate child's last accomplishment
i (19m) had been doing this foreign studies program in a certain european country since september of last year.
i said "no they aren't mine and my flatmate wont be happy you took one".
startling report finds evidence democrats may have attempted to influence 2016 election
sound designer hits celery with hammer in performance of oscars best sound mixing
so i honked my horn for him to move on but he obviously didn't get the message and kept gesturing shouting at me to get in.
she’s completely her duties in their entirety only once.
mysterious man in parking lot threatens to harm rudy giuliani if he ever blabs about trump's legal payments again
i usually get paid for playing at weddings since i have been doing it since high school.
her body looks exactly the same and i honestly feel like i’m being ripped off.
about a month ago, we talked about infidelity in past relationships.
aita for wanting stuff back from my ex who cheated on me?
i'm truly sorry if my post offended anyone.
report: if earth continues to warm at current rate moon will be mostly underwater by 2400
photojournalist spends month in oval office blind to capture images of obama in natural habitat
my highschool teacher had us give a 10 minute presentation about a topic to the whole class to practice public speaking.
other nurse thought it was funny
i can’t cook and mostly uses my meal swipes, and because of this i didn’t bring my own dishes, and the same goes for one of my other roommates.
anyway, here’s where it started: she would send me messages telling me that she wanted me to put in more effort if we were gonna continue to see each other.
she starts crying about how we agreed on florida state uni in the middle of class and makes a scene.
arby's ceo arrested with trunk full of stolen horsey sauce
i go back out and return home at around 3 am and i find my cat not looking so good.
i have always been weary of her job because it does, of course, pose a serious risk to her.
or calling my friend and asking him where hes at, pretending that we had plans and were going to hang out all day when in reality no such plans existed.
i wonder if she was lying about being on birth control, i know i used a condom and did my part.
it was the mean old lady, and right from the doorstep she starts screaming at me because my dog "made a smelly puddle" in the hallway.
the rest of the date went well.
i wanted to explain this to him, but also didn't want to bring it up when really...
i was insanely pissed considering the shit starts at 11 and she wanted us there 10 and she’s yelling at me the other day too that i have to come, i have no choice.
yesterday, i cooked whole wheat spaghetti that's been sitting around forever.
aita: so this is a silly one, but me (29) and my girlfriend (29) just got in a suprisingly big fight over the (in my point of view) tiniest incident.
aita for continuing to correct my dad when he gets my cat’s gender wrong?
this all started a few months a ago when my 4th period got a student from a different school.
but i just found out it was posted publicly on an office outlook calendar!!!
i find her so detestable that it is difficult for me to make eye contact and smile when i see her.
aita for asking my girlfriend to accomodate my phobia?
nation too terrified to look at what trump's recent rise in polls attributed to
this is bullshit because she most definitely enjoyed the sex and never said no.
aita for telling a group of people the reason my one friend doesn't want to play a game with a specific person in the group?
and i'm starting to think, maybe i was somehow wrong.
they pretty much tried convince me she was a horrible, narcissistic, human being, while at a party she was not invited to.
malala can tell oxford paired her with roommate just because they're both nobel laureates
&#x200b; back in the distant past of the mid-seventies my grandpa, who will hence forth be called papa, used to have 2 english bulldogs, boudreaux and thibodeaux (we're cajun).
this leads to her getting angry because "[i] have no reason to be frustrated".
well about a minute later the guy's other son who is sitting in front of me also gets up and follows his brother to the back of the plane and not two seconds later the flight attendant is on the horn with the reminder about staying seated.
teary-eyed wrestlers bid farewell to friends made at summerslam
- i’m 17 years old and this lady seems like she’s 35-45 years old (in other words she might seem like she has some sort of authority over me because i’m young and she’s older) - i am travelling by myself so picture this: monday morning at 9:15am 2/3rds of a bus gets filled with people to drive from melbourne to adelaide (~800km/500mi).
it's not like we're over here using racial slurs and shit.
christ's face seen on miracle canvas
so, a couple hours ago my mother (who is extremely into christmas) asked if i would like to decorate the tree.
i still think she is a cool person, and i enjoy her company, but i'm not sure i like her in that way anymore.
bourbon helps carpet salesman forget about carpeting for awhile
day of i texted him saying i'm almost at the hotel.
the school is probably 80% white, 10% vietnamese, 5% hispanic, and 5% other.
if i'm not the asshole, how can i help my bf better understand?
he's only a 15 min drive from me but it's still out of the way usually.
i learned he was essentially living a double life.
former orca trainer granted final wish to be buried at seaworld
tech is the future, reports local dad
they came, and even when they were over there, my neighbor still had their music playing.
i’m starting to feel really guilty about it.
they don't do this directly but indirectly.
aita for confronting my gf (28) about telling her 2 friends and 2 sisters about every major and minor event in her life?
i simply don't want to do anything, i just want to play my game.
polar opposites but they make it work.
gamers rejoice! this potion restores 20 hp
as we waited for the bus, i pondered whether the night had gone well and whether this girl had same feelings for me as i for her.
my only childhood friend that i kept with me to adulthood.
new weather channel sitcom about three guys, three girls, one storm system
impoverished child in third world dreams about one day leaving light on for no reason
people study too hard for this shit" too which i replied "that's why i'm looking at my study guide" and quickly put away my phone.
taylor swift now dating james holmes
i enjoy l’s humor and i frequently play along and laugh at it, sometimes to the point where i am unable to do work due to being preoccupied with laughing.
he put me in a roommates bed who i know and also consider my friend.
background: my family is jewish but not super religious.
my sister is seven, her parents just got divorced, and she can’t understand that mom has moved on (far too quickly in my opinion).
predictably the conversation derails at that point and she stops responding am i the asshole here?
hero dog fills out hospital paperwork
here's where the aita question lies: my father has begun to notice my gaming habits and has started to berate me for it.
she can’t let anything go, she would rather dwell on it and be sad about stupid shit.
i just walked my dog in my neighborhood and he paused to pee on a wooden planter outside a shut store (its 7pm).
$20 is not that big of a deal, but i feel hurt about this and think, just maybe, i might be the asshole.
she gave me back the ring.
sanders impresses florida voters by jumping from hotel balcony into pool
scalia, thomas, roberts, alito suddenly realize they will be villains in oscar-winning movie one day
parents' visit injects $66 into local apartment economy
i told her sorry again and let her know that i guess i was looking for a more serious relationship.
one of our roommates announced the other day that he plans upon staying over winter break to take a class, because he won’t be working so he thinks he would be bored otherwise.
in the end, i couldn’t go through with it.
lovelorn app aches to know your location
i know she'll be perfectly safe as she'll just be on the couch watching movies with her mom so that's not really a concern.
this is odd to me as he always used to show me what he is looking at.
he also sexually assaulted me multiple times.
because of this i made the effort to collect some "meta knowledge." i found out who writes the test, what may come up on the test and what they will most likely not ask (the means i used are entirely legal and compliant with university regulations).
i had been having a gut feeling something was up with one friend i had.
here's the thing though; i feel for her, i really do.
if she lived with me her door would have been gone long ago and she would have had to live with that.
hmo targets blacks with 'rapping good' health campaign
i gave him times i'm free and he said he would let me know when he could.
i was on a trip with my finance club in nyc.
she also has been doing this thing where if we work on something together and it gets messed up, then she’ll say “oh i knew that would happen”.
report: dog's nose must really itch if he willing to repeatedly kick self in face that hard
i'm not one to ignore someone calling out for me.
have a nice new years eve guys.
so, here’s my question: aita for wanting to completely avoid interactions with mentally disabled people, and generally avoid being around them, to spare myself the anxiety and panic that comes from it?
someone texted me so i pulled out my phone and looked at it.
public assured escaped convict has 24 years of rehabilitation under his belt
he actually drew the conclusion that accounts were coming here to aita to “amass karma” before heading over to r/squaredcircle to post but he didn’t realize that the spam filter restricted a new account from posting for 48 hours, not based on the amount of karma said account had.
the clinics have patients who do rely on me for their well-being, but no one is critically ill, and i have colleagues who could cover me in a pinch, or the patients can have patience (my usual line when i'm running behind during the workday), and wait until i was back at work later on.
recreational-abortion enthusiasts applaud repeal of partial-birth ban
bill cosby feeling disoriented after jury slips conviction into his verdict
that i think she made it pretty clear that she didn't like me back.
i was a dick i'll admit that.
would you like to be paid by check or direct deposit.
bush: 'history cannot judge me if i end it soon'
m writes a very harsh email that personally attacks me, going only off of false information given by b [the response].
nelson mandela celebrates 94th birthday in prison after violating parole
eddie murphy fucks self for $20 million
wine was ordered and everybody got absolutely hammered.
my friends think my health should have come first and he shouldn’t have just left me to go to the concert anyway (although i don’t blame him for leaving me because of the explained rarity of this opportunity) and that he shouldn’t have been mad enough to kick me out of his place at 1am.
but she just happens to want to label a lot of the food she eats as good or bad.
mobile app to revolutionize way users waste time, money
husband points out that he vacuumed
elderly man looks even sadder when smiling
desperate pbs premieres nova: boobs a-bouncin'
tell me: am i a petty asshole for acting out like that?
new stapler makes all other staplers look like worthless shit
mirena releases new 10-blade intrauterine sperm shredder
'join email list' box pre-checked like sneaky, conniving fucker it is
he also stood me up twice, once cause he fell asleep, another because well....
supervisor uses the restroom and asks again if everything is fine and i'm like yes, everything is going to be okay.
i was fairly sure she would accept considering we talked about how she had never been to a game and really wanted to go.
aita for keeping my wife from bringing our dog to the vet until morning to save $$ there is something wrong with the dog but she does not seem to be in pain.
he responded and told me to fuck off, that he didn’t have my mower.
i have been dating this person for 4 months now and met her at my home country.
he kept trying to tell me that in reality its an antique and worth a ton of money.
about a week ago i walked by her and her friends near my locker, she was red faced and looked like she's been crying alot.
tldr: didn’t go with my gf to the er because it’s late and the issue is not that severe and i have to work.
even if i put on something most people think is awful i can get away with it.
woman devises latest delusional scheme for burning extra calories during workday
i'm pretty stoic and it's just not in my nature.
so the person cheating, was cheating for a test in their major.
i checked and i've also been unexpectedly blocked by some other people i was sure were my friends.
but i’m genuinly kinda scared of what happens to him, because for the record the girls in india are a hell of a lot different and nicer than the one who reside in this beautiful country.
it seems like a small accommodation to make to stop inconveniencing me when i'm basically a free chauffeur for her.
white house staff reminded to place lids firmly on trash cans after steve bannon gets into garbage again
i see why my so was a bit annoyed with me.
being raised in that environment, it always seemed like i could never mention that, so i attended church silently and never said anything about it despite my deep down feeling that it’s all bullshit.
anyways, i was driving her back to her house and cutting through some back roads and we see some people walking up the street.
i live a hard life i have troubles but i don’t get to ride of on every little problem because i’m a genetic failure.
its horrible hearing my mom cry and i feel absolutely distraught that i can’t do anything to help her.
mostly because it's hard to get any machinery over there, and also because i'm lazy and wasn't motivated to pursue it.
we had to stop so this larger girl could get on and go up one floor.
and like i somewhat feel we have nothing to talk about because we are in separate secondary schools (high schools) and we mainly talk about like what’s happening at school, her crushes and astrology and stuff but like it just feels a bit off and awkward.
am i the asshole for being upset that nobody told me, even though pretty much everyone even tangentially related to our friend group were told about this?
i told the co-worker that i don't want that smell in my car and the co-worker said they would just pack it in a purse and in a bag.
this is apparently not the case but i will get into this later.
i also try not to play as it gets close to quiet hours, but again whenever i do play i get some banging on the wall.
floral arrangement at funeral talked about more than deceased
i want to express myself but at the same time i don't want to make drama when it's clear that no one else wants it.
it was also at night when this happened.
fema frantically prepares apology for screwing up hurricane florence response
but now my dog is on the other side of the bed and not looking at me, and i feel kinda bad.
i don't want to break her heart or do anything i might regret but i have know clue how i can stay in a relationship with someone i now only love platonically.
audience at press conference relieved to hear steps will be taken
breakfast in bed served to mom who just got eaten out
i sent her the call time log and this post was her idea.
i ended up cleaning it up, but she still kept going on about how there must be something wrong with me to not remember it and she was pissed at me for "lying" to her.
as we were introducing ourselves, i didn't hesitate to mention my chinese background.
blindfolded panetta shipped to kabul in hilarious cia hazing ritual
i don't know what else to really say.
gm announces plans to recall driverless car by 2021
he's using it today after being off for his three day weekend, likely because he stayed up too late playing video games.
police outside convention hoping for opportunity to take swing at george washington impersonator
i had already pieced it together a few days before, but just hearing this was like a fucking nuke.
i believe that she is doing the right thing for her and that she should grieve and pay respects in any way that works for her.
gingrich urges romney to drop out so he can focus on general election
my son said he just assumed all parents were dying for the moment when they had grandkids, that there's something wrong with us, he can't believe he'd be so cold to our (not even born yet) grandchild, etc etc.
white church protected from fire by god
wealth-burdened nation grateful for opportunity to spend money at new onion store
we started just being friends, then her boyfriend broke up with her because he didn’t trust her.
i just recently met this girl, i asked her out on a date and she said yes.
breaking: thriller writer jeffery deaver at top of his game
we’d visit all three parts of the family and i just assumed it was normal after awhile.
he is in fact gay but i kinda already knew it would hurt him because our dad use to say it a lot before he died.
when it rains, the front lobby of a high traffic building is full of people's umbrellas and they're often stolen.
i'm a 15 year old teenager, and my dad wants me to go with him to see some new dark comedy movie, but i would rather go see it with my friends, i feel i'm getting too old to watch movies with my 40 year old dad.
im waiting around the corner because i dont want to see inside the main fridge.
proud billionaire helps young son open first offshore bank account
so in 2017 i got a call a few days before new year's from a friend asking if i wanted to come dj a party at his house.
we would be living a 2 hour flight away.
she thought she could trust me.
so why is this such a big deal?
i would prefer she went to a female friend, but she doesn't have other friends so maybe that's why.
troubling report finds millions of americans forced to make ends meet by getting up and going to work every day
we quickly became friends with benefits.
and i think it might hit closer to home for her than normal because it's someone she knows and explicitly told me over and over again not to contact (again, i didn't).
so yeah this gets my back up a bit.
area man thinks it's nice they didn't put the prettiest girl scouts on the cookie box
prior to this, she would have to wait until i was off work before we would go together to the hospital.
senate votes 64-36, not sure on what
i have already offered to and will buy the next round of tax software for next year.
it wasn't a huge bill but she was obviously annoyed about having to put her card down for it, even though we've all paid our share of meals where we had the smallest item before.
we recently found out that there was only $12k left on the house so now my brothers want me to give each of them $5k from my portion to make up the difference.
addition of ketchup factored into calculation of french fry's final temperature
but i pay for it so...
we have been communicating very openly throughout our relationship and he knows exactly how i feel.
overworked prosecutor thinking of taking police brutality case as a little vacation
hes a bit bullheaded and doesnt communicate well.
report: you're gonna read this page right fucking now or it'll be the last goddamn thing you ever do
she apparently started having a panic attack and started crying to me over the phone telling me to come back.
this is something that we will have to work to solve as a group, starting with a group apology and clarification.
tony randall secedes from union; declares himself independent nation of randalia
that one mcdonald's plate from the '70s: holy shit, there it is
tank operator wishes buddies back home could see him now
aita for taking what he said and applying it to a meme and posting it on reddit?
aita twoxchromasomes removed my comment basically there was this post on twoxchromasomes talking about how an in celebration threatened to kill women.
​ thank you to anyone who can help.
i explained to her that i wasn’t ready for the responsibility of a family or a child, and we agreed to slow down on seeing each other so we went to a once a week deal.
it’s a small bag of pretzels, i try to eat before i lift, and frankly i’m not making a mess, being loud or smelly, and there’s no nuts or something someone would be allergic too.
i'm only home in the mornings and afternoons after work and in those few hours i'm home i hear this kid crying like 3-4 times.
thieves make off with museum's most valuable docents
doing my laundry yesterday, i noticed after taking my clothes out of the washer that all of the dryers were taken.
i had asked him in the middle of the week to take a half day on friday (today) since we have people coming over and i thought it would be polite to have him here when they come over.
defiant customers refuse to return recalled crib
i knew she suffered from anxiety and suicidal tendencies and i was kinda concerned for her safety at that point.
picture an extremely realistic mannequin with holes and you may get the idea.**
basically a snuff film is a video of someone being killed.
dh is a complete backwoods redneck with no filter.
parasitic space worm controlling mark kelly's body announces arizona senate bid
i was hesitant but i figured it would be fine if things stayed as they were (see each other here and there on weekends).
not only was i better at it, and it seemed to fit my natural skills more, but i felt like there was so much more possibility to improve since i knew exactly what i needed to learn.
phone lifted up by headphone cord like prize fish
my bf and i have been dating for 13 months and living together for 5.
today he had a different tree service come to remove the part that is on his land.
am i the asshole for jumping down my elderly grandmothers throat?
about a week passes and my mom comes to me saying i should text my grandparents thanking them for the present they gave me.
the school then starts an investigation and talk to the girl and she tells them about me asking her out and writing the songs (i think she told them about everything because we had a falling out a few days before).
i’m a little upset about the fact that he never seemed to even give my brother a chance.
woman with amazing rack told she has beautiful eyes
it was 2 oçlock afternoon and winter.
we've had multiple conversations about this style of shoe (white sneakers, high tops) and how we each have our own brand/style.
but she refused to call me anything other than anita (which is not my name) even after i showed her my license and she found and friended me on facebook.
aita for running a cable guy off my front porch?
barista gets sick little thrill telling coffee shop customers there no restroom
u.s. retakes top spot in annual 'party country' rankings
at that point the bell rang and i was off to class.
but i have asked my fiancè that when this happens he simply says "i need space right now, but i will be back".
i wake up at 3pm, get to work by 4 and then i'm home between 2-4am depending on the workload.
it was pretty dark each morning so i really needed my lamp fixed, i told my dad and the next dat we went to get my lamp fixed.
'access hollywood' reporter vows to get to very surface of story
after those two weeks, i sent ex a message that our one-sided friendship was over and to not contact me again.
i took profit of that to get a closer friend to her, not only because i was in love, but because i felt like she would be alone otherwise, and most importantly, i just liked her personnality.
-i didn’t discriminate about age, so i gave even super young kids the sour candy.
he ended up taking everything but those two items for me.
corey hart still performing 'sunglasses at night' somewhere
we're still married but i'm not sure why anymore.
i explained it was just nanjing with my cowoker, a friend and that i wouldn't' gone with her or anyone else but it was the same day off and why not.
before this, i would have assumed i would have been his go-to person for getting picked up from the hospital.
so what would’ve taken priority here: the fact that i got there first, or that drivers are supposed to take turns at stop signs?
movie deemed acceptable for mom and dad
cia finds definitive evidence of second shooter in jfk assassination
i arrange to meet up with him after one of their competitions and he tells me how alone he feels.
there were maybe ten chairs there.
it's not like i was asking for opiates - i'm not a bad patient - all i wanted was some relief from the pain of walking through parking lots for a short while.
mental illness determined not to let stigma of area man define it
she keeps saying that i’m hiding things from her.
i used to think i wanted children, but after we had the first i discovered that setting myself on fire would be the preferred option, if i had the choice.
except today, he dm'ed my friend sort of suggestively in response to her instagram story, trying to initiate conversation.
walgreens unveils new line of shrink-wrapped sandwiches to grab when something has gone horribly, horribly wrong
but we've been having sex less and less (maybe once-twice a month now) and it's starting to get to me.
middle-aged woman believes in fourth marriage, angels
jim morrison foundation awards $50,000 grant to little shit who thinks he's a poet
it costs about 5,000$ for a living donor transplant.
now he starts to get angry, and since he’s angry, i get angry at him for getting angry.
green energy scientists unveil 800,000-ton potato capable of powering entire city
aita;i was calles "cis" by a member of the lgb community.
my dad wanted to get a restraining order on this girl and didn't even consider taking my stuff, he just wanted me home.
on one hand i feel like we’re still in a relationship and this is essentially her way of “seeing what’s out there” while having me to return to if there’s nothing better.
bush to meet with agriculture secretary down in the holler
it used to be less noticeable, like a more flabbier butt (i actually like big butts, but hers has recently been riddled with cellulite).
- again, i just wish i was notified beforehand.
a year ago a family (parents and 8-12 yo.
jared kushner claims that russian interference less damaging to u.s. democracy than saudi arabia, nepotism, israel, cambridge analytica, uae, illicit donations, erik prince, bill barr, and financial entanglements
not my proudest moment, but it happened.
my girlfriend sat in her car calling her parents while the other guy and i did our best to redirect traffic around the two cars.
which i told her i do believe but her being a girl with the camera is the first thing that people see when they're scrolling through twitch and that is what causes them to click on her channel at first.
a few months later my mother died, anyway, so i had a lot going on with that - and then i became pregnant and i’ve had a high risk pregnancy since then; so a lot has been going on.
she helped me narrow down some statements and how to respond to the situation.
i'm worried i crossed some sort of line i shouldn't have.
he looked at me like i was obviously trying to play up my frustration and he had me figured out.
i'm supposed to be nice to someone who's being rude to me?
and i passive aggressively changed my hulu password while they were using it because i was upset/got no closure/annoyed.
someone's job riding on success of antacid gum
guests emerge shell-shocked from rich people's wedding
when i applied for the class, i explained to the curator (the person i spoke with to apply) that i live far away and might be late to the class due to the bus connections, and they said that that it is okay for someone in my situation.
but i bit my tongue, and even played santa to her adopted family by delivering the gifts.
my parents worked from nothing and earned everything they have, stellar examples.
high-school teacher constantly using janitor as example
i've been a part if a grop of adults that get together to play dnd every week for about 3 years now.
the first was about gender nonconformity.
tl;dr told a girl she gained weight and it looks good on her.
i’ve been doing almost everything on my own and invest quite a lot into buying cleaning supplies because of it.
backstory: my friend has been with his current gf for a while, she definitely has a weight problem but it’s never something i have brought up.
when the season ended, she signed up for another one with him.
&#x200b; he tells me that he made the account to see if i would cheat or flirt with anyone else and also to see if i would snoop through his phone.
hey reddit, long time lurker first time poster.
really i was probably closer to the mental and physical state to that of a meth addict by now.
on the other hand, she was willing to spend an enormous amount of time with me, consistently laughed at my jokes, and we did have some sort of physical contact (such as hand-holding, dancing, and hugging).
new study finds nothing that will actually convince you to change your lifestyle so just forget it
my friend is seeing him again, and i shouted about trash guys loud enough for him to hear, and so he definitely knew it was him.
washed-up toddler can't point out things like he used to
i’ve been going out with a very nice guy for a while.
voter nostalgically looks back at time he was uninformed about candidates
i absolutely 100% am not seeing other women or partying that's what she acts like i do though
&#x200b; additional info: i try not to play favourites but it appears i am.
anyway, along with another friend of ours, we formed a small 3 people group inside the big group, and got a lot closer together.
our task was to design an "evil hangman" game that would covertly change the word the user was guessing every time they picked a letter so that the new word doesn't contain any of those letters.
i'm not exactly sure why, but he's said before that he enjoys the act of giving (as well as receiving, of course).
finally, i grew a pair and decided to joke around with her.
but definitely after that i was pretty hurt, and discussed the fact i was hurt by venting to someone who then told the entire management basically about all the stuff i'd assumed would be kept private.
we've been friends for years, and he knows how badly i need this job.
aita for talking to a guy for a week even tho right from the get go i knew i wasnt interested and would end it eventually i didn't mean to lead him on i just didn't know how to say no.
my female roomate which i know since years now told me she lost her bank card and has money troubles over the holidays.
aita for not being very sympathetic to my wife for her self inflicted problem?
$50 million worth of diamonds stolen in average day in brussels
it is disturbing to learn that he is not only permitted, but also encouraged to spend time with the victims.
werner herzog: i killed and ate timothy treadwell in 2003
a few days ago she was trying to ask me when i'd be willing to move in (yet again) and i wouldn't commit to a date so she said she was done even though i tried explaining why i couldn't commit yet and that i do love her.
breaking: bitcoin value currently plummeting—no, wait—skyrocketing—no, plummeting
last christmas: she prefaced the holiday by starting at thanksgiving telling us she can’t afford more than $50 each, she wants to do more but can’t, etc.
bianchi introduces new bike for blocking commuters on subway during rush hour
new toxic-waste by-product contains no fat
to be clear i obviously think 9/11 is a horrible horrible event where thousands of innocent people died and i don’t think that’s funny...however i am a fan of masochistic humour and i share this with several friends.
experts recommend just putting up with everyone else
both of our mum's put a lot of effort and planning in to events, it's very important to them that everyone has enough food, presents etc.
this guy clearly said no and i kept at it, i apologized and we went to bed holding eachother.
she started complaining because she wasn’t sure her car was gonna make it and i really wasn’t in the mood so i ended up saying “just figure out what the fuck you want to do and get back to me i really don’t want to deal with this right now” to which she responded “look just because you wrecked your car is no reason for you to be an asshole to me” am i really an asshole in this situation?
aita for refusing to allow my 16yo daughter to shave her head for charity?
toyota recalls 1993 camry due to fact that owners really should have bought something new by now
new, lighter iphone hailed by exhausted, humpbacked iphone 4 users
i told the girl that if she ever needed money i would help anomalously, but i do not want to be a father and that i'm sorry that she's going to have to go through being a single mother.
if you need anymore details ask and i'll respond!
i messaged him and asked him if he knew when he could.
the 3 of us are in our mid 20s, i honestly thought she could take the criticism.
&#x200b; &#x200b; so i am the asshole that needs to focus my efforts on seeking help to find common ground with my family instead of looking at them in such a negative light.
the spa consisted of a shared shower room with a door to each shower but pretty much open everything else.
large mirror brought out onto oscars stage gets resounding 6-minute standing ovation
male friends depart for annual camping trip to complain about camping
report: today the day woman either quits job or goes home and watches 4 hours of netflix
i downloaded those apps on my phone just now.
the principal insisted that i leave immediately and to instead send a letter if i feel so strongly against “proper sex education”.
aita for thinking this wasn't sexual assault?
five weeks ago i had a bad fall, and i saw my new doctor four days later.
i noticed my name in it.
this guy was really well liked too, (may have been a bit of a popular dick though, i didn't really know him).
aita for being pissed off that my friend didn't get me a bday present?
but if an individual wants to do the same thing and charge for his or her organs then suddenly that's wrong.
kitchenaid unveils new all-terrain rolling pin
waiting-room copy of people brings area man up to speed on paris hilton
this happened years ago when i was like 15 years (currently m/22).
they open it, but don't respond at all.
i approached a friend on facebook who is also friends with mutual friend.
man dives haphazardly into conversation like wounded osprey
she was a major help to me in figuring out college application stuff.
they were on the same team i used to be on and i sort of felt a responsibility to "rescue" them from the kinda bullying atmosphere there.
the three year old had a cold and croupy cough over the last week, which culminated in him losing consciousness twice.
my wife fell in love with it immediately.
rubio campaign deploys 6,000 ground troops to combat isis
tldr: arranged to sell something to a guy for a lower than asking price, soon got a higher offer and took the higher offer.
when i got home i went up to my room, and he comes up a few moments later and yells 'do you want to tell me why you're being such a fucking asshole?!'...
it's immoral to sell your organs because people need those organs.
i'll admit i wasn't very nice about it.
pope francis lays hands on ailing u.s. infrastructure
so i have developed a "screening" process to pull women in my casual circle closer to me, amd test the waters on whether theyre someone i want to be with forever.
childhood friend stops writing after two e-mails
jared kushner excited to finally visit white house after gaining security clearance
i don’t know why, but i loose it and i tell him that i’m not going to continue to clean up after him and i’m throwing his dishes out unless he washes them right now.
she was fine with it, knowing how much i like football.
i'm not upset that he was sleeping with other people as he's single and can do what he pleases, i'm upset that he's sleeping with girls with no protection and letting me go down on him without even telling me.
my girlfriend (22f) and i (25m) adopted a young cat on a whim from the local shelter about 10 months ago, and he's been a really good cat, up until he start shitting outside the litter box.
and whenever i sort of lead things that way she rejects me.
kim jong-un thrown into labor camp for attempting to cross border into south korea
after a bit she got back up and things seemed to be alright.
&#x200b; \*\*issue:\*\* now, since the backstory is done, i can actually go into the issue.
new candy to hum and glow in mouths
there were some troubles, most notably the depression both of us struggle with, but it didn’t take away from the love and affection.
justice stevens retires to spend more time dying in front of family
aita for saying that my little brother’s basketball isn’t good after a game?
her eyes were red, which literally tore me to pieces.
so this christmas, i decided to pull a little prank on her.
secretarian violence claims lives of three receptionists
study finds first life forms migrated to earth via interplanetary land bridge
joe wilson getting bored with no-longer-covert wife
it wasn't a very serious relationship.
if we cannot get directly out of their path, i usually call ahead and ask if they could not run at us and either slow down or give us a chance to pass.
teen breaks rules in socially accepted ways
ss has put me in the position of getting to dh to their wedding.
i do feel bad i kept putting my hands on him when he told me not to but i don't think he should of pushed me like that.
she i guess finds it very therapeutic to describe in detail to me what happened over several years.
&#x200b; now with that in mind, this christmas as my friend was doing financially okay she wasn't particularly concerned about the gifts she received and so said to each of her family members that in lieu of buying everyone a present this year she would donate to a charity of their choice instead.
so i toned it down, trying to play single player games if it’s past 12-1 o’clock or ones where i don’t have to talk.
revised patriot act will make it illegal to read patriot act
william barr assures senate he will let donald trump finish his job without any interference
elderly man can't wait for senility to erase lifetime of regretful memories
again i told him it wasnt a good idea and that they weren't fond of people or dogs.
the other car pulls up closer too as if we have entered into some amazingly slow ass game of chicken.
frustrated man can't believe he can still hear construction worker hammering his wife at this hour
and the expression of that face...was tired calmness.
edit 2 - for clarity; the woodland burial is a wicker casket, buried underground in a forrest or woodland left for vegetation, trees, flowers to grow from the soil.
does this make me an entitled asshole?
at this point i tried to convince him to use g.
if i were to break up with her right now, i know i would ruin her and that's the last thing i want.
towards the end of the night, his family dropped us off at a bar so they could drive home and we could hang out with some of our friends.
needless to say i thought she would find it funny but was very wrong.
like can’t he just wait a few more days, until my work week is over (i work weekends thru monday).
i really liked him and i intended to help him back however i could....
i'm kind of thinking that i am the asshole, because 1) it's not my house, so i have no say 2) my ex is under no obligation to store my things, in any way, shape, or form.
law school applications increase upon realization that any fucking idiot can be lawyer
u.s. census report finds some poor fuck named kip
navy admiral thinks he's 'mr. important'
if she were to go around back, i could start driving away the second she gets out.
the next day i had prepared to see my ex-fuckfriend (we didn't slept together when i was with my boyfriend) and sleep together.
she told me the emergency plus the scheduled visits that day that i couldn't be seen that day.
bankrupt dot-com proud to have briefly changed the way people buy cheese graters
john kerry actually pretty good at windsurfing now
teach for america celebrates 3 decades of helping recent graduates pad out law school applications
so one day after rehearsals i vent my frustration on an anonymous letter and slide it under the principal's door.
it’s just not as fun when it was just me and the homies.
i am in second year at my uni, and i don’t know what it is called in english but every year there is a team of older students who welcomes the new freshman and does a bunch of social activities with them (parties, trips and other stuff).
after that i continued yelling at my friend telling her i didn't appreciate being lied to.
paul ryan mentally logs 4,613th missed opportunity to put stop to all of this
study finds americans do most financial planning when figuring out how to get money's worth at buffet
new census study finds that 40% of u.s. population is filler
millions across country celebrate 'make a kid at work' day
the whole conversation is on whatsapp and i'll try to break it down while still getting both sides correct (everything quoted is a rough translation from german to english): my first response was: "why do you hate vegans?", because they sent similar things before, all mocking vegans.
rumsfeld sick of jokes about his fat girlfriend
&#x200b; tl;dr: i liked this girl and my best friend knew about it and he went and started dating her without really giving me any sign that he would.
hubble telescope discovers giant amelia earhart statue on distant planet
presidential debate sidetracked by booker, de blasio arguing about best place in lower manhattan to get tapas
i thought it was mutual at the time, but looking back i likely wanted it a little more than she did.
ayman al-zawahiri delivers tedtalk on changing face of terrorism
i'm not trying to skimp on that.
so first of all i feel guilty really quickly.
club has big hit with closed-mic night
she said that she’s glad i’m okay, and followed up with several questions about what i’m going to do about the situation (alert my building/landlord, charge my phone elsewhere, etc.).
but there had never really been strife between my boyfriend and my uni friends, apart from the occasional drunken spat with max which was made up for later - and that doesn't explain the unanimous vote against.
my son has never been happy about this - he complains that it is waste of money and that it's not fair, but when he graduated middle school, we did apply to a private high school, which he was accepted to.
a guy he has always called his friend has picked him up from work a few times and stopped by after work drinks to hang out, but they’ve always left quickly.
i not trying to discriminate how people dress and she has every right to use the bathroom i do.
we've been together for a few years now.
they're obviously more biased to his side of the story since everyone there is more friends with my so and him than with me, but i tell them.
supreme court agrees to hear new jack white album
i run a team at work.
present is her enjoying herself with her friends, sort of waiting for what comes next and enjoying the ride.
i know she can’t help it, and she’s only 20 and is perfectly healthy, but it’s seriously gotten on my nerves a ton.
bf's son got a cub scout hat somewhere.
m suggest a meeting after thanksgiving break.
man in solitary confinement can't break with reality fast enough
a few months ago anna started sending me nudes over snapchat.
i was pretty drunk so i venture off with one of them to another bar (i let my friends know exactly where i was and when i should be back by).
he seems to have a learning disability, but i don’t know for sure.
i berated, yelled, and made very very sure he knew how unhappy we were.
hardened white blood cell no longer hesitates to kill viruses
the other thing is that she's ticked off all these goals (she's got the job, the house, the car) but she's not exactly happy.
study: universe actually shrunk by about 19 inches last year
aita for telling an aquantence that the photo she posted was unflattering to her friend?
she constantly complains about me not talking to her enough.
outside not looking forward to people wanting to walk around in it again this summer
kamala harris assembles campaign staff of unpaid california prison laborers
i started to have issues with our relationship potential after i went off lamotrigrine which numbed my mind.
but he says he wants to sit in the chair i’m in, it’s his, get out.
maybe we can save up and go on a vacation next year." well, fast forward to now, my girlfriend comes to me and tells me that the turkey trip is really happening, it's in two months, mark invited her again and she had saved up enough money to go so she wanted to do it.
cheering crowd actually trying to get attention of guy behind iron maiden
i ignore them to teach him a lesson and because i can't thing
joe biden shows up to inauguration with ponytail
'i promise to work tirelessly to achieve my campaign's goals,' threatens trump in terrifying address
i told my oldest son and his friends to just get him.
other than doing stuff like this, i would also frequently called her at night.
i did view him as perfect and i thought i wanted to spend forever with him but then it just kind of happened.
i've always been very explicit when i meet anyone by telling them i just wanted casual dating at the moment (e.g.
now, a few days later i get a text from a friend kinda freaking out because a whole bunch of dorm rooms, girls and boys are getting raided.
report: nation's concept of breakfast rapidly deteriorating
we were having such fun conversations so i wasn't really in the mood cause we were having such a good time.
obviously, i will pay for a new phone but i don't feel the responsibility to recover the pictures when it's on him to make sure to save all media with sentimental value on more then one unit.
:( i did the living guess its time for the learning
secretary of education reveals she's forced to use own salary on yacht supplies
i have been doing this for four years and im now addicted to it.
she left her makeup bag and a go pro during her get away.
congress confused by $500 million in trump's budget allocated for 'laser stuff'
report: there no way of knowing whether the vague award mom won at work a big deal or what
report: uttering phrase 'easy does it' prevents 78% of drywall damage while moving furniture
cocky attempt to operate atm in spanish backfires
after all the sh*t i took today, i couldn't take anymore.
stoned extraterrestrial stumbles across hidden message after listening to golden record backwards
i spend most of my nights a few towns over.
at this point i try to respond, but get cut off, so i simply remove myself from the situation.
if it wasn’t for the two friends i had helping me and calling the park ranger, i could have died.
when i arrived back from the holiday i had a series of messages from her drunkenly talking about how she wanted to and would be open to having sex with me again, but i didn't really reply because she was drunk and probably wouldn't remember.
there were a couple of people in our group who always wanted to get the homeworks done well ahead of time which is fine by me, but since i took 19 hours this semester and had a job, i wasn’t always able to work on it as early as they did.
so, aita for being ashamed of my engagement ring?
the dog is barking now and the kid has woken up crying.
new resort community still trying to think of name
whenever i didnt start the conversation by 5 pm, he would text me saying that he was upset that i didnt text him all day because he missed me, which was confusing because he could have texted first too.
fireflies almost salvage man's shitty day
i have always been pretty fastidious about wiping down the machines after use.
i myself had these moments growing up, taking shit from my own family, so i do see that it can be a lot.
study: best method of finding job still excitedly circling newspaper listing in red marker
unemployed businessman has time for headache
aita for getting involved in a conversation between a mother and a child?
doctor asks patient if he would mind having medical student, some of his poker buddies in room for exam
genie grants scalia strict constructionist interpretation of wish
i text my mum and tell her that they can go ahead and eat without us, we might be a bit late.
john kelly suspects jared kushner of being illegal immigrant after observing he has no skills
as we're discussing what the day is going to look like she goes on to warn me that "one more thing, that's the day my brother passed away and i may be sad that day." this kinda threw me but i wrote to her i was sorry and that we should do something to remember him by.
i know the guy was just doing his job, but that was a pretty inconvenient mistake?
&#x200b; and for some reason i took that to heart.
man doesn't realize date went terribly
you always hear about this undying love you’ll have for your kid but i just never had that.
i have owned big trucks so driving it wasn’t the issue.
so the other option after not finding a person to drive him was a taxi.
she has a court date next month and as soon as she found out about it guess who she told, her friends and sisters.
this is where he comes in a lot more frequently.
theory of intelligent school-board design disproven
couple days ago a close friend of mine asked me if i was gay, which i was offended by.
woman on tv engulfed in animated credit-card bills
thanks for the 15 fucking minutes of knots you left me -\**coworker not amused by my water bottle antics\*" firstly, yes, the whole thing was written in caps.
this story has a lot of facets; a lot of interested parties.
honestly, i love her dearly and love the time we spend together, but the amount of times she has to inconvenience us by going to the bathroom has gotten extremely annoying.
i was totally cool/down with this, in fact i was kind of stoked about it.
exec was chill about the joke, but someone else in the office told me not to say that because someone might take that seriously.
zogby poll: john zogby coolest dude in america
columbus day protests once again erupt as nation struggles with its dark, anti-italian past
i was told by two people it was a shitty thing to do and way to much effort to save a $1.80.
complete idiot still thinks brittany murphy dating jeff kwatinetz
okay, so i am designated a shelf in the refrigerator.
oh and people telling me i don't deserve her and i should break up im not going to do shit just because some guy who can't control himself on reddit tells me too but thanks.
successful u.s. airstrike kills 30 iraqis who may as well have been terrorists
she also has issues with anxiety and depression.
jay-z vows not to lose touch with millionaire roots on gritty throwback track about buying first yacht
saturday night comes along and becky and i both get invited out to a birthday party of a mutual friend that night.
but, this doesn’t mean i hate girls.
a few choice words are thrown my way and they grab their stuff and hastily leave.
jason statham beats wedding planner to death in new romantic comedy
i was fucking stoked and rushed back home.
(i think he's a really horrible guy, he thinks he's some sort of ozzy osbourne but he's closer to a neo-nazi)
they went on their shoot and it was fun for them.
i am jealous and tell her about it honestly when she asked me about it.
i bet baby hates it too” now she’s upset with me & is giving me the silent treatment.
at one of these parties, i noticed that one of my female japanese friends was being cornered and forced to talk with another american exchange student, and was looking a little bit uncomfortable.
was considering breaking up with her.
a little bit before that, i had sat down individually with my friends and told them what to do if i had a narcoleptic attack in front of them, especially in public.
essentially i work a full day every day, spend \~3 hours hanging out with my son after i come home, then jump back on my laptop to do more work after he goes down to bed.
woman quickly reading up on candidates' policy stances after voting
leg man also an arms buff
we made snakes out of it, lions, snails… the whole family was just doing arts and crafts with my brother’s dessert.
struggling local theater space put out of its misery
&#x200b; a few months ago i got a dm on instagram from this user called "henry" and he basically just said hello at first.
scotland more relaxed when sean connery is away
aita - lying on the internet so, im currently 15 and trying to clean up mu act.
i didn't know that she almost died or whatever because no one decided to tell me the whole story and i was placed as the bad guy, like always.
i can understand a social que when it’s staring me in the face so i follow her into the living room.
buzz aldrin recalls how easy it was getting to the moon
the girls are regularly going up and down.
breast implants found to cause problems in laboratory mice
i just didn't want to remember home, i just wanted to focus on me and my future husband having a good time.
&#x200b; after all this i inform her that i would be happy to give her a break this weekend - for both saturday and sunday i promise to take care of all responsibility and she is free to do anything but i ask her to come home and at least spend the night with me as there´s no need to get a hotel - especially with our upcoming babymoon.
this is reasonable - after all, she has a disability - but she is so rude to them.
report: many americans not watching enough television to make worthwhile contribution to small talk
i didn't take any of it seriously till the girl she was with threatened to slap my brother.
we both gained weight together sitting around binge eating/watching netflix then i lost about 60 lbs over a year with a diet and she didnt eat any different.
the thickness is also an issue since i can only get myself "in" maybe an inch or two before she starts complaining.
some background: when i was in 7th grade my regular teacher left on maternity leave and was replaced by my cousins (then) fiancé.
you asked why my siblings are upset, i explained.
zach braff, alyssa milano call out trump for far more effectively pivoting to politics to save floundering career
took my 3 kids trick or treating last night, and a few times i walked across someone's grass going from the sidewalk to their front door.
study finds they just don't make 'em like ginger rogers anymore
she’s a beautiful woman and i’m very attracted to her.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: at what point did i ask you to kick him?
mister rogers' neighborhood gerrymandered to serve king friday's make-believe agenda
obama: no option off the table except snatching iran's leaders with hook lowered from plane and flying them to washington
after an er visit and a long hospital stay with two surgeries as well as a 6 month rehab process and about $9k in debt, he's back to normal.
and the city has an earthquake warning system throug high volume speakers that, in theory, gives you a similar level of warning than the app.
i still declined, and i also said that if my friend does not come, that i would just cancel the party.
in all honesty i had no idea the entrees were this expensive.
he is the one i want to spend the future with and we have speak about this regularly.
&#x200b; when i get this news, i call my parents asking if they could babysit the one year old for two days, as the appointment may be earlier in the day (we'll get a call with the next available appointment, and we better damn well take it) requiring an overnight or 5 am departure.
my older sister is in total denial about my younger sister ever being asian.
area man thankful to be single during golden age of television
needless to say, he was shocked for how long i've been delaying this and told me that all of that might only mean prostate cancer, that i needed to get a diagnosis and discard whatever is happening.
paul manafort trying to ferment vintage cheval blanc in toilet tank
she is a jerk and a horrible person, no doubt about it!
me and him have spoken about a lot of things when it came to our relationship arrangement, but we never spoke about being exclusive.
then that same night somebody egged her.
abc announces ellen will come out in every episode
is area man going to finish those fries?
bassist has little riff ready to go in case frontman goes around introducing everyone
but im worried if he ever comes home from work early it could be bad.
cost of freedom at all-time high
i feel manipulative for pulling this 'test' on them.
**so i lied by saying i already called and have yet to hear from their techs.** rep gets busy.
they made a lot of fat jokes and they made fun of her self harming.
i spend several hours a few times a year cutting all this stuff.
steve buscemi to make surprise guest appearance in this article
onion social ceo promises algorithm will now automatically label racist, sexist content as 'debatable'
rude guy unfortunately says something funny
she asked me to please consider for her sake using headphones or earbuds if music is that important to me.
parents' password a grotesque combination of children's names, birthdays
eric holder announces least controversial decision of tenure
ghost can't make a simple cup of coffee without everyone freaking out
aita first this prank i pulled?
i was ecstatic, because i live in a good part of an expensive city, and i was only making $15/hr at the time.
\[3:56 pm\] me: alright, have a good day.
technology unfortunately allows distant friends to reconnect
after correcting my mom's paper i gather my stuff and leave her apartment too.
super priest can turn anything into body, blood of christ
i feel like she’s pursuing him just to say she’s in a relationship.
bf messages me awhile ago to tell me he's taking my daughter to my moms, i ask why?
it was 7th grade and my school had alot of students who misbehaved, i was not one of those students.
they offered her a wheelchair to use, and she went off muttering to herself.
now, one of the main factors why she wanted to move was that she wasn't being able to get a decent job and was working a lot and being underpaid for it, and she also couldn't pay off all of her expenses.
i am him why and he says he just forgot it.
anyway i ended up breaking up with him.
but they got really pissed at us.
she starts crying again and walks out.
and sometimes i see the same person posting the same meme or picture.
denis leary drops by comedy club to try out new ford commercial
my other coworker who i conspired with thinks i went overboard by lying, but the coworker who i am competing against is so arrogant i think he deserves it.
report: gop tax bill supported by majority of americans currently suffocating wealthy benefactor with pillow
i have an appointment tomorrow and i'm afraid to go
at first i didn't want to talk to him too much because justin is from one of the rough and poor neighborhoods that got absorbed into our school district and my parents told me to stay away.
it’s the last day of the break, in mentally exhausted from multiple multiple things i ain’t gonna share.
instead of spending money on such thing, i decided to visit japan :) .
at this point the other two have him sit with us so i cant just buy it since hes "playing".
warby parker apologizes for years of testing glasses on animals
recently, we've started the talks of children.
alternative training school for dogs de-emphasizes obedience
my friends looked at me like: wtf is wrong with you?
our team was on defense so i was standing and yelling.
he trashes my food and then says hi to me and my friend like we don’t hate him.
so, we grew up completely different and...
i think i'm going to try to convince my sister and mother not to talk to him anymore either, as i can't help but to view him as a threat to our happiness.
i was excited, he was excited.
little to no communication during her stay.
basically, i have a shit ton of issues.
aita if i get my husband a gym membership to the ymca for his birthday?
out-of-control angel kills dozens of bystanders at vatican air show
i think k and m are setting an unfortunate precedent of behavior by being what i think is irresponsible, and that by hurting their applications they are effectively short-selling themselves (both are talented, qualified applicants).
it's not like we can just stop being in each other's lives especially over some dude i dated for like a year in my teens, and b) he wouldn't.
neil degrasse tyson lets slip that he's been to mars
i'm in "my room" working on stuff.
he went to a restaurant with several chinese students and tried an assortment of different foods.
as cold as it may sound, how the hell is that my problem?
jared kushner assures reporters he never revealed state secrets without turning huge profit
he has now paid his due to society.
i got over the poop thing pretty quickly but we continue to argue because i was upset at how angry she got at me.
at the time of her passing i myself had just begun to get really sick and had moved in with my parents (i am 33 right now).
in my defence, her kids are very, very dark and did not look like they were mixed..
which is fine, she's always been an independent person.
i am now bordering on 7 feet at 22.
mueller reveals russia investigation just elaborate sting to nail clinton child sex-slavery ring
it was once my job and having stuff all disheveled/put in the wrong place literally gave me something to do during my shifts.
bartender going to pretend that last drink was supposed to be served on fire
i would not be surprised if she repeated that story and tone whenever a model asked about me.
kim jong-un's absence leaves north korean government officials no one to agree with
i walk over to pick them up, when first lady (who is now helping another customer) yells "just one!
first of all, what would be the benefit of me lying?
it is obvious that this was an act of perversion that is not normal for adolescent boys.
employee leaving company unsure how to break it to coworkers who don't really care whether he lives or dies
she got upset and said she really wanted live music while she was walking down the aisle and that i was lashing out because i’m not a bridesmaid.
she is the manager so i figure she could be a little generous sometimes with scheduling and stuff as it is not a particularly busy store most of the time other than holidays.
honestly though, i'm not sure if this relationship is a good idea.
i am not asking alice for money as i am not entitled to it.
everyone in coffee shop can tell trainee a goner
james holmes shows up to court wearing glasses with eyeballs dangling out on springs
&#x200b; aita for not having much sympathy when the decision was mostly hers, and the things she's complaining about are the reasons i didn't want to do it?
and what she had to say to the 19 titanium screws in my wife's spine is "world's smallest violin." at that point i wasn't going to thanklessly fight with my wife on her account.
i just returned from a solo backpacking trip, and because my flight came in at midnight, my mother offered to pick me up at the airport (although i could easily get a cab myself).
mathematical skill downplayed to get out of splitting check
repeat that for a couple of days and i start to blow up her phone.
beyonce releases teaser foot ahead of birth of twins
star tour operator points out massive costner dropping to awed passengers
it was posted on facebook for everyone to see, even.
this happened about an hour ago and currently it has caused a looming shit-storm in the house.
my theory is that her dog killed this rabbit and she found out but it was to awkward for her to tell us so she basically hid the rabbits body from us.
but if i had to look at that thing one more minute, i think i’d have left him anyway.
however, he messaged me pretty soon after the game.
netflix executive unsure how to tell barack obama his series idea just 'fawlty towers'
i can kinda agree with him there.
market evidently capable of supporting more than one reality show about cake
the horse is being put down this-and-this day, so they're unavailable then.
bathroom too disgusting to shit in
aita for berating my mother for not having a college degree?
antidepressant can't believe it's expected to fix this mess all on its own
i then said this is very serious and i was about to just tell her that i don’t want to hear of it ever happening again but the manager on duty (i am just a mechanic) came in and asked what was going on so i explained to her what happened.
he said he was ok with not getting the printer but he was apparently lying.
fed-up eu rejects united kingdom, gives british 30 days to vacate europe
**customer** thank you **agent** i understand why you feel like this, really i don’t know walmart choose the courier.
self-centered child blames divorce entirely on himself
she then sends another one with the caption “why do you hate us?”.
we came with to an agreement that i'm going to look into how much it would cost to store the gun at the local range.
i moved into my new apartment in august 2018.
cdc announces americans should make plans to say goodbye to loved ones
i already know that i am the asshole in this situation, but i honestly don't know how to act any other way.
i got a vibe that she wasn’t really experienced for some reason.
i am planning on breaking up with her after our exams.
archivists discover unpublished michael crichton manuscript about amusement park that operates without a hitch
more often than not, when i look at a freeway, i don't see cars, i see a slalom course.
can i continue to have monogamous relationships and not be an asshole or should i just like...
power-plant employee sneaks electricity home in lunchbox
study: 72 percent of high-fives unwarranted
i still felt as though there was an element of cliqueyness/favouritism, with how the coach's old friend had been prioritised, but i decided to let it go.
depressed groundhog sees shadow of rodent he once was
but the one thing that pissed me off is that she sent that conversation we had earlier (about girls getting pissed at me) and sent it to them as if any of it had anything to do with me hating them.
grammarnazi: grammar nazi (plural grammar nazis) (slang, idiomatic) a person who habitually corrects or criticizes the language usage of others.
santa anita park officials announce they will stop allowing bets on all upcoming horse deaths
control freak wishes she had more free time
panic floods mike pence's system before realizing hand on knee his own
often, people will go in the other lane in order to skip traffic and then merge in.
still, i feel cruel or at least impolite without at least giving him a pity chuckle when he does it.
new dog digs up old dog
'why are you still sleeping on u.s. women's soccer?' asks sports website's first article about women's soccer in four years
family dog ignored for 11th straight year
just a few weeks ago, she would tell me how happy she was that she and brian were both officially going to colleges within the same state so they didn't have to do the whole ldr thing.
so now i feel bad about upsetting him.
my brother came to help me pack everything up.
eventually it was getting too close to the time i was supposed to go on my date, so i texted the guy an excuse.
they apologised profusely and even said that he had seen them talking on the cctv but didn't do anything as it's company policy to not intervene i until another customer makes a complaint.
i calmly told her that i did not attack the man's character or say anything negative about his situation in life.
nation planning surprise party to cheer up conor oberst
nation's rich and powerful wondering when rest of americans will just give up
i also hate how the vibe of the squad changes when we play with her.
this went on for a few months until i got my clothes eventually.
clinton ominously tells iowan supporters to mark front doors with campaign logo before sundown
recently me and my roommate started yelling through the shared wall, just jawing and joking things like "hey kid how bout you shut up?" we're mostly having fun with it and aren't that mad (although some mornings i do genuinely get pissed off when i get woken up at 7am by a kid crying when i'm trying to get those last minutes of sleep in).
she even said she needs to think about whether she still wants to get married.
in a lot of ways it's still very raw for me, as i'm sure all of you can see from the way i talk about him.
one day my brother calls me and say he can't get the car registered because of a parking ticket.
i'm not one to complain, he's also pretty good at it too.
i realize, fuck, nobody has literally done anything, let alone send a text.
now i sent her a pm because it caught me off guard, because she had a son a few years ago and i knew for sure she didn't wanted another one.
so i can come off as a bit pretentious as i try to keep myself together under pressure, but put myself in situations where i adopt a lot of responsibility and take a lot of pressure.
i explain that i don't want to even look inside, but i suspect he's trying to test my resolve or something.
breaking: friend who just got motorcycle already dead
jared kushner spends fourth consecutive day silently ensnared in decorative white house spider webs
the brother has always made half as much and has always not paid rent as long as i've known him so what's changed?
i couldn't really see how i was going to handle my despair now.
14-hour labor not exactly cakewalk for baby sticking halfway out mother's vagina either
i saw what was about to happen and started to say "don't let go!", but only got to "d-" as my wife let the fork go, and the force from our daughter pulling pulled it right into her cheekbone.
scientists discover portal to outside world
ponds institute tops 1997 cosmopolitan college poll
aita for sleeping with a girl my friend wanted ?
&#x200b; back to this big concert.
pep-rally skit rumored to involve cross-dressing principal
i see that they feel sad and encourage that they can do better next exams and try to support them.
i can justify my own actions if i want even if i asked for people’s opinions and it doesn’t matter if it doesn’t change their opinions.
broken ornament relegated to lonely existence on side of tree facing wall
i went home at 2am, woke up at 5am with a splitting headache and a shit ton of stomach pain.
my friend then asked me if he should steal it.
rising income inequality causing wealthy americans to take on second sailboat
i dobt know what to do.
that’s why i decided to key it.
well, they don’t have faces for one!
main: about an hour ago my mother messaged the family (me and my brothers) group chat telling us >family fun.
that’s when she came out of the bathroom and started to yell at me saying “get off” and “give me my fucking phone” and tackled me down.
idiot zoo animal with zero predators still protective of young
basically, he didn't know she was invited and he wasn't happy about it, and he left immediately after the ceremony when his groomsmen duties were over.
cnn promises to maintain complete lack of editorial integrity despite at&t-time warner merger
bush posts classified ad for 90,000 troops
now, this kept on for a month.
man assumed celebrity sighting would do more for his career
d also pointed out that a told him that she asked me if i was embarrassed by them before i hung up.
child slavery gives area activist something to do with her evenings
a few months of this and we were assigned to work together again, but this time i had more self control and respected her space.
( i doubt that i hurt him) he blocked me on everything and so did his sister.
idea to see mario van peebles movie occurs to no one
we shared a 2-bedroom apartment and we still do (i do pay for my own rent, food, electricity, water,...).
from a young age, my mom told me that she didn't want me to date black people, indian people, etc etc.
ps we're both 18 male **edit**: wow this post blew up and i got hundreds of messages.
and just like that, i will say that the decision to call my step-mom “mom” that was made by my parents is no longer sitting well with me.
sla murder trial nostalgic trip back to more innocent time
i took some bolt cutters and cut the lock off of the shed (it was chain locked.) i recorded the entire thing on my cell phone from start to finish to prove that i was just getting **my** property.
i have also been confronted by someone asking for change, only to look down at his feet and notice that he was wearing $200 shoes!
i do carry my weight whenever i need to, and contrary to her claim, i also contribute to group and partner activities.
paranoid oscar pistorius still thinks burglar after him
no one can defend wasting your time while endangering others by looking at your phone while driving.
christ super embarrassed about all that stupid shit he said 2,000 years ago
i will continue to go to them, because i still care about him and i want to support him, but it gets harder to get him a gift with each passing year.
drew carey signs 75-year contract to host the price is right
my wife claims it's the kind thing to do, and even started to get an uber on our account.
man has pretty good idea which friend going to give up on dream first
activist wet-t-shirt judge votes for girlfriend
she did not say anything continued to cry and this point i got up, put on my clothes and left the house at 11:45 pm to send the rest of the night at hotel.
she does a lot of drugs, hops from guy to guy, and has run into some trouble with the law, among other activities.
this clearly set the cops in her favor and the guy was ticketed for running the four way stop.
mccain stares at screen, attempts to write family christmas letter
obvious throwaway, let me give some clarity for the situation.
nation shudders to think how bad things would seem if they didn't have access to a never-ending torrent of free pornography
i got into a fight with my friend sam (24) (a girl i was pursuing asked to sleep with him, and he agreed), and in response to this, i texted my dad, and told him about all these bad things sam has done in the past few weeks: such as getting blind drunk, smoking, taking drugs once etc.
not the best thing to do but i was afraid of losing her as i had almost lost the mutual friend to suicide the past year.
i chose the camera and my theme was "decay." i took pictures of run down buildings, dying plants, and decomposing animals to show how "temporary" even beautiful things are.
i asked them to get back to me in a week.
aita for asking my fiancé to not get a visible, cringey quote as her first tattoo?
no big deal, figure she'll be back in a few hours.
please note: this is a **rock climbing gym**, if you aren't at least able-bodied (and don't work behind the register) there really isn't much chance you will have a reason to want to park here.
right now i'm on a break from work and we've been spending a majority of the day together but i'm still upset that she's choosing to be there instead of spending the night with me.
no one knows how she developed it, and she was taken from the world far too soon.
so, i decided to use this as a teaching moment and prove that im not all talk.
raytheon employee going to be pissed if bonus just missile again
report: mom saw car that slid off road into ditch
the prank was moving her, locked, bike and then slowly send her more and more pictures of the bike eventually revealing it's location.
i had not stormed over there.
oysters have no discernible effect on date
i know i am getting a really good deal on a house but we live in one of the poorest counties in illinois where one out of every five houses is for sale and is on the market for an average of three years.
zoologists admit you really got to hand it to bats for learning to fly
george lucas announces gala 21st anniversary star wars rerelease
sxsw as cool and as real as it gets, reports marketing associate
it was a month of me doing everything i could to try to get her to stay with me, sleeping on the couch, letting her have her space, doing everything i could think of to try to win her trust back.
she tells me she'll go outside waiting for me order.
to get out of the way.
the couple has a toddler who constantly runs back and forth (with his shoes on) in their apartment right above where our bed is located.
this didn't bother me as i had recently got out of a long relationship that was sexually unfulfilling, so i wasn't looking for anything serious - i just wanted to have fun, and we always used protection.
this has been an ongoing issue with us.
had i known, i wouldn't have done those unofficial "dates" with her.
at the time it was happening, she assured me that this was a pretty atypical project, and that i shouldn't expect her to be away from home so frequently in the future.
american medical association changes stance on self-immolation
horrified nurses discover 40-pound baby after accidentally leaving it in incubator over weekend
i don't want to do surgery because that seems shitty.
at this point it seems cruel, and it'd be better to let him go now than waste more of his time.
new iphone application tracks progress of deceased loved ones' decomposition
so last night me and my twin sister were in the living playing on the xbox one cuase my mom makes us keep it in the living room so she can use the blu ray player on it.
study: 'hangin' in there' best one can now feel
u.s. still enjoying small but loyal following
&#x200b; now i'm banned from the gym, even though i was working out quietly like any normal human being.
world's last bob hope fan dies of old age
magazine correctly judged by its cover
i immediately threw up and couldn't stop crying.
i am not used to harsh discussions and was a bit stunned.
i was in panic, i didn't know what to do so i firstly quitted of the group.
don't think with your dick, i guess.
she wanted to take it slow, which i was cool with.
at the beginning of the night, i told him point blank that i am not fit for human interaction as i am in a very bad mood and very volatile, so he was giving me a little bit of space and not engaging me in conversation (which i appreciated).
**customer** xxxxxxx@xxxxxxx.com **walmart bot** okay, now please provide the order number you are inquiring about.
everyone got drunk af and went home.
the following day, my friend apologizes to my step dad and everything is forgiven but my step dads thumb is still jammed.
he saw her sexual and attention addictions as more of form of liberating sexual expression it seemed.
and i knew he was cheating because i knew my aunt didn't have a phone at the time and he called the woman on his phone emily.
i didn't want to leave or drive anywhere else since we did that long drive, so i told him i wasn't coming.
local clan attempts to intimidate rivals with aggressive display of fertility
for some reason we have never talked about actually trying again together.
every day of local dad's life an endless battle to hold on to good pen
this individual helped her through suicidal events in the past so i understand that relationship value component.
i was kinda harsh with my wording towards her, and she's never really been out of state, so she's very excited.
she did tell me that she has a hard time taking hints and that if i’m not interested i need to be blunt with her but how can she not see?
bare in mind i have come to kind of regret it now.
study finds goosebumps caused by psychotic weirdo masturbating to old photo of you
she said she wants to invite men because her husband wants his friends to be there.
hentai message board features surprisingly close-knit, supportive community
&#x200b; to add insult to injury, the recording was broadcasted live on television, meaning everyone who was listening heard only the bad singing from her.
now that you know the background story, i'll get on to the point of my question.
local news anchor happy as hell, going to take it for long, long time
during thanksgiving, i noticed a real shift in her personality.
overall he's a chilled person and i have no real issues with him.
with my new role i put a lot of time and effort into organising activities for the group, so much so that i had at least something (optional) scheduled for every day for the next two weeks.
i asked her out, and weve had a casual sexual relationship for almost a month and a half.
this is the first time telling the full story.
a few things to note about her is that she does not like to be protected, has had an extreamly rough childhood (horrible parenting on her moms part), she doesn't like to plan for the future or to worry about things she doesn't feel are worth it.
today the 14 year son injuried himself at the schoolsports.
i mean hell, we were watching a bama game at the bar and i felt extremely awkward after i blurted our “roll tide”, something completely innocent because i was afraid that it unknowingly offended her - it stayed in the back of my mind the entire date.
the classes i actually care about i put in genuine time and effort into, and actually learn something useful.
for gay couple, fulfilling lifelong dream of marriage not worth moving to iowa
i know some might say what's the difference between that and makeup, but just the idea of permanently changing your appearance does not sit well with me.
i'm looking for honest judgement as i think it might help me in my next relationship.
so everyone else was swimming or whatever, and i was waiting in line to jump off the diving board, and this guy was taking forever.
my only issue is that i am not comfortable with a stranger around my things.
he opens it and holds the door.
report: 57% of all activism involves petitions to bring back discontinued food items
every time i get close to a girl she either has a bf or says im like a brother and i end up feeling like ive wasted my time.
it really wasn't my place to get involved, especially where i had a crush on her, and i created a bunch of drama for what could have been no reasons.
for context, this is what our whole friend group is based on.
i asked her if it was the case that i was gonna be a bridesmaid and she essentially said no.
she’s not assuming anything.” which is true he did say that.
or am i overreacting and acting like a douche cause my friend has chose to not vote?
until we passed my neighbor's house, and there was a deer in the front yard.
also contains the comment where he bans me for posting the edit showcasing his abuse.
she immediately became angry, and quite standoffish, as she would not talk to me other than to accuse me of just using her for sex.
signs make upcoming section of road sound pretty badass
bono outbids everyone at charity auction for bono-autographed guitar
rain told to go away in 1986 returns
i definitely don't like tax but that doesn't mean that they don't have to pay it because they are female.
microsoft employees fondly remember days when ceos were so big they took up entire rooms
she was there for me when i was really struck by grief, but ultimately, she was over it just about the instant she heard it.
last friday i got a call from his number, but when i picked up it was actually dianne on his phone.
i seriously doubt my mom is going to evict us for practically any reason because that would involve giving up her last source of control over my life and allow me to finally go full no contact.
emotional wayne lapierre honors victims of background checks
eric cantor pressuring wife to try new political position
i'm not going to go too much into that as that drama involves a different person whose antics i don't even want to go into.
lottery loser angry at lottery winner
churchgoing widows: what gets them hot?
at one point i kind of teased her about 90% of her 800 facebook friends being male, which really pissed her off.
i told him to not contact her again or he will regret it.
tl:dr choir put up rude posts about me in social media, friend told choir that i'd sub for their absent fifth voice, i want to screw up their performance.
&#x200b; that being said, her feelings were hurt, so clearly what i said wasn't okay.
i just dislike the fact that he's homosexual and i feel extremely uncomfortable with his boyfriend.
she kept coming up with excuses instead of just a little “my bad”.
resigning house leader cantor reflects on all the accomplishments he thwarted
this is mostly sex based, and probably childish also, but he always seems to think i'm picking on him and i suppose in a way i am but i don't know if it's wrong of me because he won't listen when i try to bring up the real issue.
he is not the best person, but neither am i.
first he doesn’t even know those friends and two, these are my friends.
trump: 'the only way to find out what happened at the saudi consulate is to send in more journalists one at a time'
anyways, after a short mild fight i asked him to try stop playing any grindy video games (any games that would consume a lot of time).
i kept my distance, but stupidly enough still kept occasionally joking around with her in a flirtatious manner.
i have tried to explain this to my girlfriend, but she doesn't really take it into consideration.
report: 65% of all wildlife now used as homosexual subculture signifier
i will now go to sleep after a jet lagged night with a lot of phone calls to locksmiths and friends.
pretty much everyone i thought was friends or family has abandoned me.
would you like the full refund?
he’d say “he has such a high voice” and i’d just say “she”.
we are introverted and while close \[we write e-mails weekly, sometimes daily\] we just don't like phones and travel is emotionally tiring.
embarrassed brett kavanaugh can't believe he wore handmaid costume on same day as protesters
grocery store not fooling anybody by marketing cantaloupe as fun super bowl snack
angela merkel opens up to the only newspaper she trusts
we suggested that we talk about it when he was home.
should i talk to them about it?
candidates annoyed to have to take stance on zinc mining
one from an abusive/more negligent owner(catahoula hound).
aita for filing a charge back against an artist who got my character wrong?
summer internships are an opportunity to get yourself a job offer, much before companies start to come on campus looking for candidates.
wax-museum fire results in hundreds of new danny devito statues
if my roommate, who did not juul, began juuling, then i would have another person who i was close friends with and in close quarters with for pod purchasing.
i would start by copying other people's posts and sliding the n-word in the paragraph.
stuffed gorilla only into you for your shelf
chris penn's body double really letting self go
cheated on her at 27 and never told her.now we're 54 and life is perfect otherwise.**
i have no issue with people who do both.
house conservatives introduce resolution to impale rod rosenstein
aita for having sex with a girl who accepted my invitation to my place, enjoyed it and consented but now is saying i took advantage and her consent was not valid?
mother ferries 4 more shirt options back to son in gap dressing room
it comes across disrespectful in my opinion.
i tell him hes out of line for saying that to me and that it was all harmless fun, and that i didnt actually fuck her or anything.
im now gone from there and feeling terrible about this, especially since i did this so close to the holidays and maybe blew this out of proportion, so aita ?
when you are out an about, people need to talk to you.
she asked me this morning if i would pick her up because her work credit card maxed out.
like, if someone was chasing you you’d say “oh no fr.
frustrated rick santorum still waiting for go-ahead from god to suspend presidential campaign
max countered that there was no room in the car we were taking for 6 people.
aita for not thinking cheating is that bad?
aitah for this and should i just suck it up?
she always gets angry and defensive and then cries.
loyal driveway patiently waiting for owner to return from work
so now the question at the top of this post.
tag #starbucks #scottsdale, #goodlife" like i said i dealt, but i really want her back the way things were.
so, aita for not having a good enough memory of minor things i screw up?
voter turnout reaches all-time low of 17
only remaining rhyme rapper can think of is 'cliff clavin'
he told me that i'm making a fool of myself and that the teacher probably doesn't appreciate that i ask questions that won't be covered on the tests and that i look stupid ever time i ask for a clarification.
mother's little angel just made fun of classmate's weight for 30 straight minutes
american gladiator still insists friends call him 'turbo'
thing is, he goes to ask his mom before i can, so i get an angry e-mail asking me what the hell i think i’m doing.
chinese man just glad fuckin' 4716 over
she came daily to take care of me, eventually just staying with my grandparents to take care of me even at nights.
we suggested this to the entire group and most of them were ok with it except for 2-3 people.
she said no and i was ruining her friendship and is refusing to talk to me.
open-minded man would be willing to look past jennifer lawrence's flaws
i decided to back off the conversation until i cooled down, which i am still trying to do now.
she's barely eighteen and she's already looking to settle down.
north korean prisoners temporarily put into american detention camp to help ease shock of return
dollar tree to stop selling assault weapons
epa didn't know anybody was still drinking water
obama currently being chased in background of secret service hearing
honestly, i am frustrated enough that i am considering saying we will not be able to come on this trip at all.
i sent her a private message congratulating her and we spent some time talking about her wedding plans.
i tried my best and don't know what else i could have done.
she asks a lot of questions that aren't really questions and since she has refused to say them as statements (such as, i want one of these yogurts), i've started responding as if they're legitimate questions.
suddenly, kashifa pokes her head whilst opening the curtain almost halfway.
we had been working on things up until 3 days prior.
she got bored with him after a week.
and yes i have been looking for jobs, has not worked out so far but you just have to keep trying.
however, i feel kind of bad for intentionally misleading my friends into thinking their papers are ready to be turned in.
my wife is losing her mind about this idea and says it's cruel and that someone might call us in for animal cruelty or neglect.
she said she wants to stay friends because she has no other friends, and i said sure, but if you start seeing someone else we'll have to stop hanging out for a while because i'll be too jealous (which is true, i really would be sad and jealous).
new monster energy defibrillator touts 1,200 volts delivered straight to heart
that night i just got a stouffer meal and made a salad and whatever else.
man nothing but lumbering golem of rewards cards
later on in the day she texts me to say she still wants to go out, but she's gotta be home by 10:30.
the moment she tells me to leave her alone will be the moment i delete her contact info and never message her again.
i havent spoken to them since because it would be awkward.
so i pretty much lost my shit, told her that she was disgusting and that we were done.
so this is a real long and stupid story, get ready.
it kind of caught me off guard, like how are you not high enough right now?
i can't stand disappointing her so i wasn't honest and said i did too.
ted cruz names this fuckin' lady—remember her?—as vp pick
recently, she has started to fall out of shape.
i brought up a point about how if a man is even accused of sexual assault they could lose everything but if a woman is accused they just get a slap on the wrist.
so, am i really in the wrong for keeping half the money?
ghost of carl sagan warns against dangers of superstition
they met at the small grocery store where they worked together, and she still works there while my brother has moved on.
**customer** i want the items, they were on sale.
you apologised once and i barely picked up on it tbh.
white house: 'for russia, the real sanction is knowing that they let us down'
new titanic film told from iceberg's point of view
i didn’t feel this was relevant for the story thought because we basically picked up where we left off.
husband calls for greater restrictions on pier one imports
i assumed that all of his other friends would be attending the funeral however because i was close with him the family told me to let everyone know the location and time.
there were whole weeks sometimes when we only knew she had been home because there was a stack of blank signed checks on the table.
if i was not able to fly until summer i would miss out on flying until next school year becasue i had planned to work at a boy scout camp during the summer to fund my flying lessons.
her only real defense was when i mentioned how drugs ruined my relationship with my dad and a close friend she said she knows what she's doing and she's not like them (she didn't and she was).
i don't expect you to adjust my (name of college) grade, but it is incredibly important to me that i don't bring home a c this quarter.
my only way out was to join the military and i did i left georgia and my parents and never looked back for the next 6 years.
mueller scrambling after accidentally spilling whole big gulp all over russia evidence
neighbor across the street has two rottweilers they they leave tied up outside in afternoons when it's over 35 degrees.
without me, again because of my work schedule.
i became frustrated, because i was the only one initiating contact and meetings and she never wrote me first.
i've never met her, but he's shown me some pictures.
pilot tells passengers he's about to try something
after seeing that i'm only one who did it she lets me leave and lectures the whole class about honesty and other stuff.
she’s an athlete like me though and extremely skinny so it’s not uncommon for their period cycles to be out of wack.
this 'cash card' had no stipulations for its use; it was essentially a gift card with a 12/31/2018 expiration date.
and second, i think google already has enough of my information to give them my finnancial information as well.
she wasn't wearing a heavy winter jacket, but i didn't kick her out naked and afraid.
area man switches to backup lie
she stayed for 3 months and we officially set the "relationship" tag.
nbc admits to never actually making an episode of 'chuck'
it was a brief tap, not enough to make my tires squeal or anything.
so am i the asshole for letting men harmlessly flirt with me and not telling them i have a boyfriend until they ask?
i had 0 interest in speaking to her, and i don't even bother with messages anymore.
i was trying to be helpful by saying take a cough suppressant so you could sleep.
eric holder loads ipod with ap phone conversations for morning commute
hillary clinton hints at presidential ambitions by concealing information from american people
he readily agreed to, but so far still hasn't done it to date.
reno orders investigation of u.s. department of corruption
i have been with my girlfriend for almost a year and a half and i love her and she loves me (i hope).
north korea successfully harvests wheat in show of growing strength
around 11p, i'm about to shower and head to bed, she calls me into the living room and says.
and her answer was something like "/u/promoso i am very busy these days and i have other friends i'd like to meet up with and i have to make time for them, i don't have time for you" and i said "that's fucking fine!
what i don’t understand is how they’re treating my younger brother.
'12 years a slave,' 'captain phillips,' 'american hustle,' 'wolf of wall street,' 'blue jasmine,' 'dallas buyers club,' 'her,' 'nebraska,' 'before midnight,' and 'philomena' all written during same continuing education screenwriting class
last night my wife ordered pizza.
everyone was excited and everything was cool untill today.
he didn’t seem to have any interest in doing that and didn’t really give him a chance.
she took one thing i said to her one night at the dinner table and ran with it.
we never bother celebrating or doing anything.
furthermore it’s so expensive to go to the theatres now.
\-so i coolly tell her "if you have something else on your mind, that's fine.
she kept breaking up with me and getting back together.
we spoke daily while she was gone.
congress to meet at feingold's house today
dad heartbreakingly thinks his connections can help son find job
area dog's rock bottom same as his peak
report: 250 million americans still need guests on their podcasts this week
ruby tuesday waiter warns jill stein her green party response to trump speech disrupting other diners
elizabeth warren spends evenings tutoring underperforming candidates on creating comprehensive policy
i feel like he's intentionally sabotaging our daughter's chances and it's making me really upset.
then i found out that they'd recruited another person to play my role.
gender equality...” when she goes shopping and i dont carry her own bags..
as i said above, he plays basketball competitively so he is quite good at it.
informal tone of cover letter sets job applicant apart from seriously considered candidates
because it winds up just blowing up in my face when i do.
embarrassed jcpenney announces all it's sold in past year is two fleece jackets and a scattergories game
two policemen who lived in my neighborhood have died recently in separate incidents.
i am doing these things because through his behavior and actions he has been a horrible roommate, and also speaks condescendingly to me with no reason.
recently my coworker and friend missed a very important deadline, botching a project and upsetting a somewhat important client.
i don't know if i deserved that for purposely being a dick and getting into his personal life, or whether or not he deserved to be an ass to me.
i can understand most things i hear and read and make myself understood, but a lot of the nuance still escapes me.
netflix switches over to convenient new physical locations
just to clarify, i don't think i went overboard with the touching - i mostly did stuff like: pulling her closer by her bag, brushing my hand against hers, touching her shoulders, and occasionally venturing a bit into her personal space.
i got a job offer for a place i was originally trying to get and didn’t want to take chances by telling them i’d have to start in two weeks.
finally, she broke up with him (after a 5-year relationship) and we started dating.
aita for finding it tacky my friend charge me for broken cups?
unhinged man with jackhammer slips into construction site undetected
we continued arguing and then i hit her.
satellite frantically trying to bounce signal to swearing man's phone
woman thankful she has type of alien looking face that makes her hot
5-year-old wants to be overworked haitian nanny when he grows up
well i live in a small mountain community so its already a limited pool of people who would be commenting on this post and he used his first name plus the first 3 letters of his last name as his account name ...
that was a very hard break up for me and i didn't date anyone seriously for a long time after that.
just to clear up any potential misunderstanding that i'm some kind of lazy freeloader.
i told all of this to my online friends and they say that im abusing people whereas i think this is just a standard bait and switch inside joke i have.
aita for ignoring my bf when he says something that's not interesting?
'so what did i miss?' asks michael flynn tilting large flower on lapel towards trump
cinzano poster brings touch of class to shithole
her grief is separate from mine, and i have no right to police it.
2 weeks ago they did some work and it was awful, copied from a book so me and person 2 told them to start again.
dive-bombing osprey better emerge from lake with something awesome to show for it
i suggested using a word when i start to get angry so that i can stop whatever i'm doing and take an hour to cool down.
after living here for a year, my neighbour asked if i would stop smoking there, because if their balcony door was open, they would get cigaret smell inside their apartment.
beekeeper wishes he understood women like he understands bees
insane man gets a little perspective by reminding himself that he is god
after class this guy came up to me and asked me out.
earth safe, but for how long?
i absolutely love my kids and spend all my time with them.
(this is all written directly from the texts spelling errors and all) &#x200b; she told me on the phone after this that i should have to apologize to her for taking what she said in a different context.
we live about 2 hours apart, so syncronized netflix-watching is a regular thing for us during the week when we can't spend time together physically.
were my passive aggressive comments worse than i thought?
i can do it, but my kids are picky and my wife knows their preferences better than i do because she's cooked more.
sorry if this post is a bit too weird for people.
god irritated guests do not understand it time to leave heaven
audio experts confirm whiny, irritating noises in secret recording devin nunes
i want him to do the work for me.
overall, i just don’t think she’s that mature of a person.
new report finds voters have no idea how outraged they supposed to be about anything anymore
i just lost interest with my fiancée so i called off the wedding and i am now dating my coworker.
we’ve gotten close in the short time we’ve lived together and i do consider her a close friend.
they saw me and we chatted some.
dunkin' donuts signs 10-year partnership to be exclusive food vendor of united states
clinton consults surgeon general on behalf of friend curious about homosexuality
(16 m btw) (something to note is we both have each others accounts) also i'll call the friend t, and my gf g.
embarrassed alexandria ocasio-cortez can only afford american flag pin with 19 stars
at some points some people directed me to someone else , and then it would go nowhere with the again other person stating "i'm not planning the party, ***** is!
in my chem class, we have a small group of friends (we all met and started talking the past 2 months) which consists of myself, two other guys, and one girl \[21f\].
so i have a coworker, an older lady from central america.
as i understand it they talk only 1-2 times yearly for some years now.
she opened it and talked endlessly about all the cool features written on the box.
olympic drug testing official left horribly disfigured after coming into contact with russian urine
however, i'm getting annoyed at him that i can't ever really produce to do this.
5th-grade teacher can already tell kids about to go apeshit for ending of 'the giver'
i haven't answered yet, and i feel like i should let this go, but i also don't want to be talked to like this.
i have been feeling this way about money for awhile now.
i corrected him by saying that i meant his specifically and also called out another person there for having a meaningless life.
she wants to talk about this incoming semester and i have no problem with it, my fiance will be coming to us soon and we plan to live together before july, so hopefuly everything will work out there.
completely unfair that man ended up on sex offender registry just for public urination on a child
if i go out with my friends, he will text me the entire time.
monopoly player insists on being wheelbarrow
man knows in reality marrying minnie mouse wouldn't be as perfect as he imagines
i know for a fact she has no feelings for me.
aides rush on stage to rotate scott walker back to direction of audience
next written assessment comes around and we had to study articles, both articles were about feminism and women’s rights, absolutely nothing reasonable to write about them, yet again feminist pupils seem to get good grades.
i told becky this, she said it doesnt change the fact that i've let her down and been a disappointment to her.
i'm a hedonist and enjoy keeping a roster of girls as long as i'm transparent about it.
aita for ghosting a guy on a dating app that i had an intense rape dream about this happened probably four or five years ago, i was about 18 years old and i had just started using dating apps like tinder and okcupid.
she was very quiet for the rest of the gathering and as soon as we got into the car we had a massive fight about that comment.
so as i sat there i felt compelled to test it out to see if he would react to loud annoying sounds to see if he was legit.
i just felt like part of the family as it currently stood.
tl;dr am i the asshole for wanting to keep this girl with me while also pursuing other girls in my town?
wibta if i asked my kids which parent they loved more?
area bar used to be cool; now lame
i have sole custody of both my daughter (aged 14) and my son.
(she’s a customer service rep.) **what i saw:** if you have dealt with customer service before, chances are you would have encountered missing tickets — either the last rep did not create a ticket or it’s simply lost in the system.
stunted 56-year-old still writing chuck palahniuk novels
he gave me a whole flowchart of infections, starting with the airport staff, people on the plane with me (including old people and children), hotel staff (including housekeeping staff, who probably don't get any paid time off), and food service staff anywhere i eat.
so i ask if they can compensate me in some way for not having the dressing.
but tbh, once at grocery checkout, he would not be okay with spending money feeding em either.
tony was originally my friend exclusively and i later introduced him to my group of friends.
i'm not threatening, i'm just taking note of them.
aita for exposing my buddies reddit account to our other buddies?
logitech introduces high-resistance keyboard for fitness-minded typists
domino's surprises customer with nice steak dinner
i mean, is this really the worst thing in the world?
there was clearly enough space to go through the hallway without hitting me.
what i really think i’m most mad about is the way she treated me when i asked her to split the cost of a stove with me, vs.
she always remembers my birthday and she sends me gifts but i'm not the type of person to make a big deal out of birthdays...
my freshman year roommate had never juuled before when we met, but she had drunkenly smoked cigs and dipped.
is there any non-asshole way to go about saying "hey, you know that work you have put into this product?
this is a reading exercise and you are all out of shape.
as an example, he used to sing, "yo mama ooh nana, i fart inside yo mama ooh nana" to the tune of "havana".
&#x200b; my partner and i have been together for nearly 3 years(anniversary in march) and he has lived with me in my parents' home since 6 months (we have now moved out into our own place with our cats, dog and rabbit).
nation struggling to keep track of how far along it is in all its ongoing grieving processes
a year ago found out that she had been cheating on me throughout the entire relationship with other guys.
we had similar hobbies and connected well but she was in a relationship with a person for almost a year now.
tourist experiences city by buying used cds
we have been dating for almost a year and have only been able to penetrate her a few times.
again, all significant occasions and never just for the hell of it, at least in my eyes.
report: more americans setting aside money in case of pr emergency
jess and a friend who is basically like a sister to me started dating.
i got some friends and even my mom to contribute to the story in little ways like with an off comment about seeing my step dad in a cast, etc.
humiliation of women receives 10 billionth standing ovation
chances are it will be next week sometime.
pps: piercings are the stuff of nightmares.
i met with her and ended the relationship but i did not tell her the reason was because of her surgery.
i mean its obvious shes a wreck but she has a support system, her family, her deceased bf's family and her friends.
she thought that i would do it for free for her since we are “best friends”.
infowars moves to ban alex jones
by this point my bf had left and there was a bunch of us (who aren't really my close friends but...) who just wanted to go back to one of the guys house and sit around the pool and chill.
woman could listen to british guy scream for help all day
you don't know what it feels like to be depressed me: actually, i do.
i understand my dad wants to teach me a lesson, but is it really the right way?
he has fully paid his vehicle off because of his lack of bills and income ratio.
grossed-out anti-abortion activist has change of heart after seeing picture of fetus for first time
monocle-wearing oil baron's cigarette holder splinters in clenched teeth after hearing bernie sanders' environmental platform
but anyway i said i didn’t have any money (which wasn’t completely a lie but i mean i could’ve bought a sandwich) and he looked heartbroken so i walked away quickly to avoid guilt.
prestigious university touts racial diversity of dining hall staff
on all public transport, there is a sign that says “no eating, drinking, smoking, listening to music without headphones”.
new gym member lingers by free weights for several seconds before returning to elliptical machine
aita for criticizing my girlfriend's job in prostitution i'm gonna keep this short.
so then she ends up exploding and saying: you’re not trying out your goal i said 3 lines of text not 4 every time you send more than that many lines i’m gonna blank you until it’s the next day and i want reply to those messages then i said: ....
i told her it was my fault for opening my mouth, but i couldn't be around her any more.
&#x200b; during an english class, a girl asked me if i thought my friend was gay and i said "i've known \[the guy\] for 7 years and i'm pretty sure he's bi".
my (32f) boyfriend (34m) have a great relationship.
if you're just doodling random lines on a sticky note while on the phone that's one thing, you're not really paying attention to what your drawing, but if you were painting, or composing a more complicated peice, or sketching something, i feel that your attention to whoever is talking is greatly diminished and you are now being a passive listener rather than an engaged and active participant in what is being said.
b then called me an ass, to which i told her to not use language like that.
(which will be the only time i see her until the next christmas party.) so will i be the asshole for doing this?
seventh-grade class scrambling to piece together teacher's home life from desktop background before powerpoint opened
next day she says she wants a 90 day separation, counseling, therapy for me, and anger management courses.
and this group of like, 6 people, were being very loud and obnoxious.
frankly, i didn't and was just trying to be honest.
&#x200b; the other day he said his friend just got done interviewing there and he would send me the info from that interview.
i’ve seen her multiple times turn down the opportunity for cake just on the fact that it “makes you fat and slow, so obviously a healthier choice like yogurt needs to be made” i am worried that my mother in law is right, however most of me thinks i’m doing something good for my daughter.
&#x200b; i only had, like, 400 points, she had around 3000.
supreme court debuts new spaghetti strap sun-robes for spring
museum of television and radio acquires rare 'caroline in the city' episode
my mother and siblings do plan on attending my graduation ceremony and i don't know if they would be upset if they bumped into my father at the ceremony.
it's more complicated than the title.
colonoscopy offers non-fantastic voyage through human body
i never sat down to look at how the event affected me as i was worried for her.
i don't mind because he doesn't force his religion on me, and doesn't force me to go to mass with him.
and that place it was taken at is a huge memory.
proposed law would require mothers to look at pictures of congressmen she disappointing before having abortion
she got a little upset and said its fair, but wishes i would share with her because she would share with me if i were in that situation.
gf says to me "babe, do you have $2?" i did have cash, but she had literally just sat through a meal saying she wasn't hungry, and i was embarrassed by the way she had rolled her eyes while settling the bill, so i told her there was a bank across the street.
i know i probably have a gaming addiction but i don't intend for it to mess with my studies.
i am not sending them to public school or private school they will have a private tutor until 13 and they will be sent to a finishing school for high school probably a british boarding school, from there i hope they enter into a university.
a lot of people were kind of shocked to find out she had one given how she acted.
i tried to get in touch with him (texts, voicemail) to get my stuff back, all while apologizing for using him like that and seeking to make reparations.
roommate, girlfriend never seem to have sex
tl;dr: i caught my husband performing oral sex on himself and it's against my religion.
anyways, so i decided to like her pictures and leave witty comments to show off and all.
so i try again to accommodate j.
benadryl introduces new non-drowsy allergy dart
should i mention this in conversation at this event?
after he stopped playing i only asked him once to keep playing (i wasn’t begging him) to which he replied he was tired (so before then i didn’t know he was tired).
mueller annoyed by chipper, overeager adam schiff constantly sending him evidence he's already uncovered
nation's grandmothers swept up in textile-messaging craze
never telling my dad this though.
the mother is a stay at home and they have a lot of family support if she couldn’t watch them for some reason.
8-year-old forced to eat organic macaroni and cheese
i know many people dislike that, but still, when i have fish in my lunch, i will heat it and then eat it.
heartbroken chris brown always thought rihanna was woman he'd beat to death
i (p) recently had a text exchange with a neighbor (m) who thinks that i am being "accusatory".
peeping tom tired of watching people watch television
report: increase in gun sales to be most concrete result of obama's pro-gun-control speech
aita for continuing to make a joke at my friend’s expense?
am i the asshole for sleeping with her ?
he got a little upset and started to talk about how he went to a national competition and we started making fun of him for only getting 63rd place he then started telling my friend, who has severe depression, to kill him self and how no one would miss him.
she responded with this: "when you asked me for space i gave it to you.
i have been more or less an obedient son my entire life.
man vows never to watch another sci-fi movie with physicist friend
i havent gone through his phone, we never do that stuff.
that’s what this white woman was doing.
geologists uncover slab of amber containing perfectly preserved adam and eve
everything that i have done is for the protection of (my wife) because she’s having a hard time coping right now.
i know it’s hard for b to speak up.
we still sat near each other but didn't talk as much , and finally the end of the year came.
architect presents obama with generic options for war memorial that could work for syria, libya, yemen
aita for yelling at someone loudly doing weighted squats in the gym?????
for reference, i am an asian-american.
olympic torch used to ignite tibetan protesters
steven is quite oblivious to how he shows himself to others.
'expendables 3' cast requests to be paid in steroids, meat
then later i got a lot text from my brother in law that simply said “come yell in my face” lol am i the asshole here for setting that little punk right?
was i the asshole in this situation?
and as it turns out, it was just them being picky eaters.
however, this year, it was very obvious that the selections where not merit based.
theres more to this than just the title but i couldnt fit everything in.
it bothered the absolute crap out of me to know if it was something she had kept a secret from me or not.
aita for telling my dad he should find a real job instead of doing jack shit?
empty wall behind couch falls into girlfriend's crosshairs
depressed nra member half-hoping son will accidentally shoot him
this is ridiculous for a multitude of reasons.
poland spring develops new eco-friendly bottle that only takes 300 years to decompose
aita - for always trying to help hey everyone, so me and my girlfriend keep getting into massive stupid fights over her job, she hates it.
red cross installs blood drop-off bins for donors' convenience
&#x200b; so, aita for encouraging s to go for it ten thousand more times?
i colud of couce just go down on the street to smoke but i also feel like i have the right to do it on my own balcony.
i thought i really loved him.
couple puts handful of items on registry that loser family members can afford
he's not the type of guy to lie to himself either.
white house announces sasha obama to now be played by britney watkins
its nothing, i just cant stand bullies." so yeah im full of shit but we've now been on two dates.
authorities fear youtube shooter might inspire wave of copycat content creators
i was extremely hurt by this, but i took her back as a my girlfriend a few days later because she explained her emotional hurt of me breaking up with her and alcohol at the time getting the better of her.
again, i didn’t call him a retard or fight with him, all i did was laugh.
she said she love me and she wanna hug me, she wanna text me, emojies and lots of bullshits.
my husband and i got into an argument this morning in which he called me a cunt twice.
i don’t let her walk around alone in stores anymore.
but, seeing how hard it was going to be, i felt like i would have to face the question of suicide before getting throught if completely/ i told her i took back the promess i had made.
esl textbook concentrates on food-preparation vocabulary
part of the reason is selfish.
trump blasts critics who judge neo-nazi groups by most extreme members
my 3 siblings all have 6 figure incomes and were equally annoyed at this because it is exhausting to watch a doctor who sometimes drops $1000 a week on designer baby clothes for one of the grand kids suddenly claim they are in poverty.
sister is not a good driver (about a major accident per year and a bump/scrape or two per year) but said she will cover any damages on the off chance she gets into an accident.
for some reason, i'm looking for confirmation i'm an asshole or assurance that it's okay to date this girl.
coworkers all saying names of countries must mean world cup starting
so i sent that picture to him and his friends in a group text with the message, "i'd hate to make a liar out of you, i guess i am a whore.
starts calling mike a pathetic looser, and talking about how she "needs someone older and more mature" in front of me to send me the message she was ready to "upgrade".
guy eats own weight in combos over three-month period
virulent strain of soy flu traced to single tofurkey
i have no problem with this as long as i don't have to go too much out of my way (i have so much freaking studying to do and stayed up until 2-3am every day trying to get shit done.
heartfelt apology robs man of cherished grudge
she’s been married for about three years i believe.
she told me that i should just eat the bread, but i can’t live off of bread so i got mad and wanted to tell her i’m gonna stab my leg, but it will probably be too harsh and manipulative.
heaven slides to sixth place in annual quality of afterlife rankings
today she told me about a weird dream where she had twins.
even if they aren't what i wanted to hear, they're what i needed to hear.
catholic church speaks out against decadent, sinfully rich dessert
but, in each round, there were categories she knew, 70s music and country music, because she grew up in the 70s and loves country.
we have two kids and not the largest apartment.
my little brother comes into my room screaming and starts kicking my stuff, turns out he also got an original charger too, even though he already had one.
terminally ill friend not much fun anymore
he slept on the couch last night and either couldn't hear or purposely ignored our daughter when she woke up crying and i was up with her all night.
update: taylor swift back together with ex-boyfriend christopher dorner
i know that he yells and screams at her a lot of the time but it was the last i heard about physical violence.
on to the issue, i'm the tidy type in that i clean-up after myself, i put my things away, i do my best to keep a clean house and do more than my fair share of the house work.
usually we’re friendly with each other, but he low key kinda ticks me off, and i can tell i tick him off sometimes too, but this is our first actual “fight.” anyway, story time.
of the six people that were playing, only two of them play basketball on a team.
description of hot-dog ingredients fails to ruin picnic
i said, "i thought you were trying to eat healthy." cue tears and getting called insensitive, rude, i dont understand women, i can't joke like that.
somethings i'll admit aren't terrible, like "godu kola," but some of it is strange shit that he cooked.
4 years later they start dating.
so that led me to one final decision.
this makes me really angry, so i yell at her about the guy.
earlier, i stopped by her house with mcdonalds (thanks to the guy who told me to bring her favorite food) and she sat down with me to talk about it.
cheney returns to u.s. with full head of thick, wavy hair
would you like to make a 5 euro donation?” “no i wouldn’t” i said.
i needed to hear some words that actually helped me to trust that i can go away without a distraction causing a big issue for our home and family, be it fire, flood or whatever.
this best friend had already slept with another woman in the meantime.
i don’t mind him playing games but when he plays for 2-3 hours i ask him to finish up or stop playing.
they never even told me it was gone.
despite our relationship being very emotionally stable and my trying to initiate intimacy, so sleeps with others but not me.
his father was a big man.
and cut them really, really small and make them disappear in a sauce so softly and thoroughly cooked they'd practically fall apart.
when she told me i was audibly distraught but i didn't say anything confrontational to her.
the next day when i show up to meet my brother he says i was an asshole last night and that he would kill me if i ever did that again.
aita grocery store line crowded grocery store.
new subway promotion to honor subtember 11
senate leaders warn it too early to discuss trump
so it hurts to see her squander all the advantages she has.
i put a lot of money into buying this property and building the house.
hi reddit, english is not my native language so have mercy.
i haven't even thought about it that much but it's 3am and i guess i got kind of angry about it.
i wanted to catch him off guard with a picture and he never usually minds it.
wife dropping hints she ready to have second husband
ivanna is a bit hateful towards muslims so i told ruslana i'd change ivanna's opinion and i slowly did.
millions of retirees absolutely sopping wet after seeing alex trebek's new beard
the chat and streamers seem more toxic than me, but this sticks with me for some reason.
subway manager disgusted by sight of cold cut combo devouring large rat
spiderman distracts dr. octopus with delicious hostess fruit pies
aita for staying in this relationship even though i'd want something else long term and i am also preventing her from meeting someone who wants what she wants?
defensive clinton campaign releases new 'who are you to judge me?' ad
self-actualized historians urge nation not to get hung up on the past
my parents allow them to do whatever they please until they get annoyed.
so am i overreacting and do i look whiny and jealous?
report: it still nowhere near okay to act like donald trump
if the hispanic man was in the u.s.
i turned and told him to piss off, when two doctors heard the altercation and stepped in.
a majority of her assignments are almost completely redundant: a 4-page personal journal every two weeks, a random literary term quiz here and there, and multiple-choice problems that are loosely tied to what we read that she never explains.
tldr: aita for losing my shit at a bunch of teenagers for talking for the entirety of infinity war?
study finds 80 percent of facial hair being silently judged at any one time
for a bit more information: she will be going on a trip with another friend for a full month to another country, about a month or two before our trip, so it's not like she won't have a vacation at all if she doesn't come with me.
but for the sake of the sub i will write it as if it was me.
we share all the same hobbies, we can spend hours talking to each other, and we generally don't fight and are patient with one another.
around this time, she started spending less and less time in the room.
she's a self-proclaimed "foodie", which i honestly think is just selling herself short - she's a food genius.
aita for winning games of pool because of playing by professional rules?
i also obviously have to maintain the illusion that i do, which is frankly exhausting.
trump selects longtime personal plane to head faa
i shrugged, and looked down at my phone, trying to call his bluff.
bush sr. apologizes to son for funding bin laden in '80s
onion social ceo vaporized by wall of light while trying to stop algorithm from self-destructing
they make me out to be some belligerent asshole and they all agree christmas wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for me being there.
jimmy stewart: 'please god, i want to live again'
report: buddy dysmorphia sufferers experience skewed, negative perception of shape of friends
i came back 30 minutes later asking why everyone got so mad.
get home safely" and then walk away, to which he responds fu.
and i tell her "lady, look where my car is, i'm in the lane!
so i'll try to move on.
not exactly sure what subreddit this goes in.
eventually i found good, steady work, but not before i had to have her front me 2 months worth of rent, to pay my half.
continues to be pissed at me for a week and seems like she doesn't want to talk so i avoid conversation.
**in my defense:** * point 1: he was the one in control of his vehicle, not me.
i needed an alibi to be safe so i can get out and not get so anxious.
$30 million donation from chan-zuckerberg charity to help kids learn to read returned
i feel zara has done a lot of damage today and it is going to be very difficult to look past it.
nyc conservationists decry destruction of rat habitats
often, i continued to provoke him when i knew it would escalate a debate further, and sometimes i purposely asked him questions that i knew about but he didn't just to see his reaction.
a couple weeks later now my second friend has apparently undertaken this project of making the private server and my first friend caught wind of it and is upset with me.
i made this suggestion without first consulting my so for a few reasons.
gaunt, weathered john kerry leads prisoner uprising in siberian labor camp
british empire to be reduced to 8 acres around buckingham palace by 2050
last night was the first time someone asked me while she was present “are you the legendary fiancé?
so just a bit of backstory, over the years she's noticed that fact that if we have something planned, i'll express that i really don't want to go or just cancel the day before or day of (the reason never has anything to do with her, it's usually just me being antisocial).
yet she still wants me to wake up some days and watch him so she can nap for a couple hours, because she is "worn out".
her husband also works with us, in a separate area.
lazy wildlife rescuer lets oily pelicans pile up in sink for 5 days
couple tired of always having same knife fight
she threatened to have the school resource officer remove me.
i'd never want to treat him badly but i do plan to marry him so i want to make sure that i don't have any major problems.
noxious minions of satan offer free installation through july
visit to google earth reveals house is on fire
maybe i'm too judgmental but i can't think of any legitimate reason why he would need a sword.
would i be an asshole if i messaged this guy through an anonymous insta account to tell him?
man's genetic predisposition for heart disease no match for 10 half-assed push-ups he does couple times a week
my family are furious because they waited all day for us before opening presents and eating food, and had they known we would have been that late they happily would have arranged for christmas dinner.
aita for thinking this girl in my creative writing class is milking/potentially faking ptsd?
at this point, my bf says "wow, she just committed sexual assault".
*it's a little over a quarter of the way into the school year* since she went on leave, we've had five different teachers over the span of around 4-5 months.
aita for cutting people out of my life when they don't live near me?
i take particular care when cooking for her as well as factor in what to cook for my son, it can get cumbersome juggling both requirements.
best, most original idea man's ever had returns 114,000 google search results
my friend wanted some computer components and i said i would help him find them.
woman's body confusing jumble of celtic, egyptian, japanese symbols
olympics officials clearly trying to buy more time with 6-day-long opening ceremony performance
at the time i told them my wrist was fine, just sprained.
at this point i’m slightly annoyed, but oh well.
she eventually told him he might be able to come with her, which in his mind means he gets to go with mommy to work.
i want her to be happy, but i feel betrayed.
aita for wanting my mil to do my dishes?
ilhan omar thankful for colleagues educating her on painful history aipac lobbyists have had to endure
as four year olds are wont to do, he sometimes throws temper tantrums when he doesn't get his way.
she had been fucking this guy for about 6 months.
she really doesn't fit in, she's the definition of a black sheep.
report: mothers not paying attention to 80% of cool things nation's boys do
she was very interested in buying the old one off me and i said sure i would sell it to her.
after it ended she was noticably silent.
i had gone through a bit of a break up around the same time and we both confided in each other.
yellow cross receives record 10,000 liters of urine donations
i feel like people are losing site of the question.
obama accidentally seated next to taliban leader at tense white house state dinner
this might sound like i'm being childish.
aita for cheating in monopoly i played monopoly with my mom, stepdad, and my cool brother nathan a few hours ago and i feel really guilty for what i did.
wibta if i said that on a whim?
they would be that person at the party that i would politely greet and just get on with my life.
rick steves cleaned out by gypsies
my co-worker has been in the company for many years more than me.
&#x200b; i was not aware that she began drinking in those last months.
i, myself, am south-asian and, as such, have no comprehension of the language or the culture.
part written specifically with sylvia saint in mind
historical archives: wide-spread powder shortage confounds nation's bewigged.
he got a signed basketball and he got to shoot a free throw (which he made).
long story short, their relationship went from trying to work things out to - broken up then back together for a day and broken up again etc.
she is taken aback by all of this, gets defensive, then begins to cry .
in her defense, she’d been dealing with severe depression and mental health issues at that time.
viewing ads on website sole way in which man contributing to economy
and then leave, to let them enjoy their fake ass holiday get-together by their fake ass selves.
she storms out of the room.
college freshman has friend from home visiting way too soon
i wall past my aunt who has eight of the twelve sausages (and all eight of the buns from the pack) on a plate in front of her, they're all crammed on there and there's no room for anything else.
fast forward to this year: she starts again with how she can’t afford christmas, this time before thanksgiving.
i wouldn’t say i am at 100%, but i am far more confident than i used to be.
(obviously there are some male ones and they should pay too but ultimately everyone defends them as their "fellow women") so aita?
she is with her family all day, her father has a job which allows him to be home every weekend and to be home every evening by 07:00 p.m, not including all of the holidays and days off work.
your neighbors: should you consider talking to them?
at some point our dogs knocked over an expensive clock they had while we were playing a drinking game.
conversation at other end of table sounds way more interesting
if you're a lesbian or "queer," i don't hold it against you, but i don't have any interest in ever dating you.
so my younger brother and me are not obese but we are not fit either we are a lil bit overweight.
tldr: called friend back after missing a call.
the rest of the family is...
i said no, there is no way i can do that because turning off the filters for an entire night could severely endanger or even kill the fish.
area man afraid some woman might come out of the woodwork to hold him accountable for something
biggest guy in prison tired of every new inmate beating shit out of him on their first day
john kerry throws vine over pit of quicksand to save child companion
nation hoping for a windy flag day
she already told me that she had a crush on this dude a before, but like i said, i was good friends with him before she started liking him.
'i feel your pain,' romney tells campaign rally attendees who make $20 million a year
mythbusters team struck down by zeus
aita for being upset with my fuck buddy for messaging my best friend?
'cooking together is so fun,' says man correcting girlfriend's every knife cut
i’m speech captain, and she’s new to this.
he got mad at me when i brought it up and said that i was preventing him from hanging out with his friends and that i didn't trust him enough.
i also don't think the girl is in a position to say that to me, "u can't say that bc it's as inappropriate as this other thing that i myself do all the time".
i told her, and not angrily mind you, though maybe a little passive-aggressively, that i know other women (i have lived with other women before) and that none of them act like this ever, even when they're on their periods, so i'm at least a weensy bit justified in thinking she could put forward a little more effort into this and go at least for me.
i recently have got a boyfriend and we are very much in the "honeymoon" period of our relationship, its all very new and exciting.
now i'm annoyed that i was woken up (at that point i had 2-3 hours of sleep) and pissed that my dog is now stressed out and my sister is pissed cuz i need to "control my animal and stop being a little b***h" tl;dr my family hates my dog for shedding all over everything and verbally abuses her and me what do i even do at this point?
entire house implicated by phish poster
it was kinda playful to me.
i'm in a relatively new 'relationship', and it's going ok.
let me start this with some background: me and my wife have a relationship for almost 4 years now, we started dating in 2014.
i would have to make sure he actually get’s adopted into a stable family like i grew up in and not into a foster home (don’t know how i would go about that though).
aita for being honest with her and cancelling?
steven spielberg claims he dislikes black actors to get out of cannes jury duty
obama administration releases nation's phone records to public
michelle obama quietly reassigned to department of agriculture after butting heads with president
i was curious about any thoughts you might have regarding whether this is normal or not.
cdc issues warning of full-blown epidemic of the blahs
the next morning, the fireworks went off.
scott bakula jumps into mccain's body just before election
aita for not allowing my children to use their phones to contact my ex?
he is always smoking the strangest smelling things.
some months we have more sex others we have less.
joe walsh wakes up on stage mid-solo again
michelle obama can still hear their little labored breaths when she closes her eyes
goldfish dying to be petted just once
that said, the movies i love, i really love, and all the better if i get to enjoy watching them with another person.
i personally think this is a waste of money, people are living paycheck to paycheck struggling to get by and he's spending their tax money on starbucks.
she cried a ton and explained what led her to where she was, asked to work on things, etc.
this morning she said shes making french fries for breakfast.
study finds earth's animals one giant creature before breaking apart millions of years ago
we were at the gym earlier and she happened to be there too with a friend.
she didn't want to get them delivered because of the extra charge.
i put that on the board in passing and forgot about.
aita for hanging up the phone?
he then sort of scowls at me, and i decide to get super close to him (i'm sort of like 6'3"), but exchange no further words.
greenpeace decides northern spotted owl 'not worth the trouble anymore'
lazy fda approves x-ray vision pills
teen unsure how to break it to parents that the devil got her pregnant
i get nervous very easily and sometimes just "don't know what to do", even with simple things, like being complimented by a stranger or any kind of situation that doesn't go exactly how i think it will be and i always feel like i'm weird.
i don't see how going for someone's stagette differs.
all kinds of cravings and growing a fucking human sounds pretty exhausting.
ironically, the relatives ended up changing plans again, so they are out of the house anyways.
there’s several roads that i drive on regularly that have another lane merge into the left (uk) lane.
i even went on vacation with her and her family twice.
clinton dragged up on stage to sing 'sweet home alabama' with the band
he hasn’t been able to bring himself to end it with her despite me telling him how much better it will make him feel.
i asked her if i could come down and stay in her house for 2-3 hours while someone from home came to pick me up.
then, yesterday i found out through snapchat of all things that [22m] and [21f] have now also hooked up.
as his unemployment went on, this improved, but the damage had been done.
unidentified wooden pole leaning against garage wall
family has way too many daughters for them not to have been trying for son
jeff bezos' heart breaks a little reading albany's amazon headquarters pitch
i just moved to a new state and am staying with my boyfriend’s mom until i can move in with one of his friends.
wow, dad really went from zero to 60 with woodworking this summer
&#x200b; after i found out, i bought the house anyways and moved in alone.
why is she angry at me for wanting to be intimate with her
obviously, me being well endowed, and his virgin butthole not being prepared, that definitely would not have been a fun experience so i decline him.
hippie will tell you what the real crime is
work was slightly more awkward, we only interacted with each other only when we had to for work and only briefly.
she feels it, then accuses me of taking it off, despite the condom being torn and visible to both of us.
during which it was almost purely nsa casual hanging out a couple of times a week at most.
democratic senator strides down corridors of powerlessness
i had this horrible feeling in my gut all day, at first i thought i was just being cautiously protective but after talking to my sister i’ve realised i’m very jealous.
racehorse unaware it just cost some kid new braces
james harden pretty sure he felt something pop in lower beard
so since nobody is willing to compromise or help, i called immigration and told them there was an illegal immigrant living there and gave them his address.
or am i actually the asshole?
some of the names are super edgy because of this but i’m not gonna expose anyone here.
desperate u.s. colleges weigh emergency bob marley legend ban
guests' chairs tilt, spray water at them during first-ever 4d state of the union address
he used to bully me because he was treated as the problem child by my parents growing up but that all changed when i played sports in high school.
and we can't wear them at the same time, because it's a weird look.
nation's poor bastards never even saw it coming
chicago's shedd aquarium admits panda exhibit a ghastly mistake
we're both korean and koreans are known for their plastic surgery.
but am i even a bad person here?
on this particular forum most of my interactions with other people is in playing mafia.
some people are okay with that but other just doesn't like me because of that (i understand them).
* i have done everything i can to make the situation better.
recently my mom's friend at work had a dilemma: her husband was involved in a bad car accident.
i really can’t take the cousin any more.
we have been through a lot but lately she has been belittling me and not handling her expectations.
my phone was dead so i went over to ask her if i could borrow her phone.
i'm gay." the air kinda became tense.
even if i didn't flip out, i couldn't date ashley after finding that out.
coworkers each putting in herculean effort to sustain conversation for entire commute
jeb bush bungles several questions on first day back at home
my wife wants to take her to the 24hr animal hospital.
so outside opinions would be nice.
however, a few hours ago my brother's girlfriend posted quite a few less than appealing tagged pictures of me (and other select family members) without asking permission to do so beforehand.
supporters aggravated bernie sanders didn't use dnc speech to get voters to act against their own self-interest
we show up 15 minutes early and the only seats available next to eachother were the handicapped seats in a theater where you can choose your seats.
anyways, a mutual friend hosts a party.
i've recently thrown myself into the dating world and i'm really enjoying meeting a variety of different people.
30 minutes before he was about to leave, he messaged me and offered to stay the night with me.
i have asked a few other friends and they are split between 1) chores should be split evenly 2) fuck 'em.
she called me and asked for a lift home.
i understand that they did pay insurance and gave me the truck, but i still feel kind of blind sighted by this.
upon returning home, a was waiting for me with an angry look.
&#x200b; it feels like everything is coming to a head now because it's around time to be making housing arrangements for the next school year, and bf wants for us to get an apartment together.
2) i am naturally a loud person, despite having to act professional and be quieter in most environments, including work.
so everything i left totaled to $43 but i asked the four of them for $7.50 each.
yes no **customer** yes **agent** thanks for chatting with walmart.com!
aita for playfully scaring my girlfriend and lying about it?
nuclear energy advocates insist u.s. reactors completely safe unless something bad happens
my squad will literally offer her the best weapons and shields even if we need it more.
i realize i shouldn’t have said some of the stuff i did, but i think it was a bad decision to send me outside and he should especially realize because he, too, was still hot and sweaty from the long hike.
i respect her for letting me near her family and living with them.
he was maybe a 3-4 out of 10 on a scale of wanting to see it.
google employees disappointed 15th anniversary party only has one solar-powered lego drag race reffed by david pogue
lately, i've hosted since i moved to a new apartment that's decently sized (new york, so not actually that big).
i let the first time after we broke up slide, but just a few days ago i picked him up from the airport and he started a whole bunch of shit on the way back and we said we would never talk to each other again.
but they got rude and defensive about it.
stars of canceled show terrified fans will raise money for movie
i feel like shit about it, but it’s the only way i truly know the truth.
i was stupid and indecisive and it pissed her off.
sara gilbert crush finally starting to subside
she did however clarify that it was for her birthday party and not a reunion and after a ridiculously long conversation, we just stopped speaking (i literally said "goodbye forever and good luck in the future").
she has a bleeding disorder and a family history of ovarian cysts, and i am a bit concerned about whether or not we will even be able to have children.
it's taken a serious toll on me as we both work a lot so we don't get to spend a whole lot of time together during the weekdays.
annoying coworker precedes all nouns with 'quite the'
last night she ate cookies before bed.
aita for not boarding our dog?
iggy pop only one allowed in grocery store shirtless
he's really caring and sweet and prior to tonight i envisioned us getting married in the near future.
i then get a text from him, we talk over text a bit, and then he asked me to come into his room, pull down his pants, and just ram my dick in him.
two people who went to same college ruin evening for rest of group
aita for wanting to have been asked about my aunt naming her kid my exact name?
i've been holding my daughter since we got here.
report: male hair loss 7 times more painful than childbirth
then she says "i have a witness!!!".
being in a group with her, we spend most of every day together (same lectures, same classes, same lab times at.).
i was understandably upset at the substitute for giving us faulty information, because maybe i heard her wrong on wednesday.
don't really feel like getting into details, but she seemed pretty mad when i said it.
woman always thought she would have more impressive showerhead by this age
thing that got area man a laugh to be done repeatedly for next 12 years
i'm referring to money he gets for being disabled, a bursary from the college (or money from the govt, or both, i don't remember).
i know i should of flat out rejected him but i just freaked out.
&#x200b; the dealer sold the car the next day, on saturday, to someone else.
michael jackson deposed as king of pop in hitless coup
at first, when i didn’t have a car, they helped me with things.
i was more focused on trying to point out that 300 years ago nobody really knew what was going on around us and humans from all cultures were just blundering around trying to make the best of things.
the mexican, wannabe fuckboi thing" get a text back "sorry, you must have the wrong account".
on one hand his party did only start at 10 and was two hours and i figured it would go later.
tldr: aita for being mad at my friend because he still keeps in touch with a guy that essentially stole from me?
the title really says it all.
my younger brother lives with my mom, so he doesn't really have to deal with this so much, unlike i, who will have to live under the same roof as the baby.
study: snapping three times leading way to recall movies, actors
our mindset is that if family members come to visit for the day on a weekend, we expect them to do more than just hold the baby, but actually help out by maybe doing the dishes, switching laundry to the dryer, taking the dog for a walk, etc just so we can lean on their support for a small break from all the stuff that piles up.
the thing i don't understand is why it's such a big deal to not talk for 3 months.
edit 2: ok lol now im getting pm's insulting me and shit.
baby can already tell crib he's in going to be recalled
or is he the asshole for breaking his promise of not calling me a cunt and then basically saying he would call me names whenever i deserve it?
the driver got out of the car asking me why the fuck i climbed over his car and “left a massive dent on my bonnet”, which was practically unscathed aside from the watery footprint (rainy weather cause england) and a small dent which could easily be buffed out and called me an asshole so i just walked off so i wasn’t late for class.
she then quietly sneaks out the door and his fiance sneaks in.
also please don’t mind my stupid username.
mentioning this because i feel as if it plays a role on whether or not i am an asshole.
i am not intentionally bragging, i simply want to illustrate where i came from and what i’ve done.
at the same time, i have terrible anxiety and i'm probably overreacting to this.
my neighbor doesn't have a bridge, and is an older gentleman and has no way to get across the stream in his yard.
man with serious mental illness committed to city bus
rahm emanuel concerned gun violence could spread to parts of city he gives shit about
lowe's debuts new travel plunger with collapsible handle
they just walk into the house.
needless to say, this has caused some major conflict with me and the boss.
i blamed the break up on some personal stuff i’m going through and said i needed time alone.
he then came right out and asked me if i wanted to go to his room and suck his dick.
background: i (s) fucked up and cheated on my ex—let’s call him (c)—with three different people by performing oral and rimming on them, despite the fact we had a discussion early on where he told me he had ptsd from infidelity in his last relationship and i promised that wouldn’t be an issue, and i have a psychology degree so should have understood that better than most.
i become friends with my exgirlfriend, who is still hostile towards me about our break up, but tells me more things liam said about me and that he's not worth crying over.
she gets pissed at my always asking this so i stop.
as i said though, it's literally the only time girls have ever implied an interest of pursuing me.
i smoked a bunch of weed before giving out candy.
increasingly obsessed robert mueller forces wife to dye hair blond, dress like ivanka
i don't want to be with just another ig girl.
i've known b for twice as long as i've known my boyfriend and he's practically family.
she kindly refused stating that was way to much for her and she'd feel bad puting it on me, after a back and forth trying to convince her to just go with me, i drunkenly said that she should just give me a chance.
sitting inside cardboard box the safest 6-year-old will feel for remainder of life
it was dark at this point.
laura bush suspects anniversary card penned by speech writer
they have almost walked in on my husband naked (stepson was at a friend’s), did walk on me wrapping stepdaughters christmas gifts and have scared the crap out of me several times because i walk into people just standing in my living room when i thought no one else was home.
i had the worst itching of my life, my throat started to close up, i experienced the worse stomach cramps i’ve ever had, threw up multiple times, nearly shit myself, and i literally couldn’t walk so i had to be picked up in a truck by a park ranger and driven to the trail entrance so the ambulance could take me to the hospital.
we laughed so hard when the choad slinked away in his little rice grinder.
all this to see if they aren't frauds and to see if their willing to work to get out of their situation, or if they just want free handouts for not doing anything.
aita for starting fights about this?
i'll play again and again until i beat you, that's who i am.
d then tells us that he's decided to move to small town to live with g and then promptly packs up and leaves.
in the last month, after speaking with one of our mutual friends (m) who is in an open relationship, it came to light that we were both attracted to each other.
she’s currently struggling with bipolar disorder so her feelings are easily played with and to top that off she’s just recently gotten out of a two year abusive relationship (mainly extreme verbal abuse) so i’m a little protective to say the least.
gop candidates offered cash voucher to give up spot and participate in later election
i should have stood my ground but this morning i stated to tentatively agree to go as it's her, with me as a "maybe".
i’m a trade apprentice and i’m making barely minimum wage, and my girlfriend is studying to be an engineer.
dinty moore breaks long silence on terrorism with full-page ad
so we went to the same old nearby destination we've been to since we were teens.
i didn't plan on hurting him, in fact i was gonna call the cops, to basically receive a permission to exit my lease.
on occasion the phone would ring.
she gets back 8-9 days later, sick as a fucking dog.
shared memory of children's television show leads to sex
i have tolerated this for about two months now (we made the agreement in november, she began fringing on it in december).
teen's natural drive to murder sexual rivals successfully channeled into 'super smash bros.' victory
world's physicists complete study of physics
since i haven’t been working i’m almost out of funds yet my younger brother for the most part gets everything he asks for no questions asked.
officials urge americans to sort plastics, glass into separate oceans
dad apparently using spanish accent to pronounce middle eastern food now
my current partner recently returned from a month long trip abroad and found that i had video called my ex while she was gone.
speaking of that, i'm terrified that smoking will kill her one day.
like how am i supposed to "man up" when i'm dangerously sick and without resources to do anything.
she said i should have taken it back myself.
my wife said no and went to get the money.
he is mad that i did all this without asking him and i did apologize but i feel like he should cut me some slack.
that works pretty well except for the days my sister spends with her gf.
i asked her about our situation again and she admitted that she has a personal crisis on whether or not she is in the right relationship.
they said they can, with proper job experience.
recently uncovered passage from book of revelation shows that prophet foresaw 'violent reign of red-headed boy-king'
she said i didn't initiate conversations and that hurt her, so i promised i would start to initiate conversations with her from that point on.
then, she told me that she got plastic surgery...
i ended up saying yes, and we were hella close for the last day.
panicking flu swears it didn't mean to kill old lady
i have denied sick days in the past for various reasons that werent satisfactory.
i also think that this girl will find a husband and he will hopefully be a good father and if she finds one then it is his child because he raised it.
i at least don't want him to do it when he goes out with me.
a girl sitting behind me was holding scissors and somebody informed me that she had cut my hair.
and if he were to tell me that it isn't true i would probably believe him.
populist candidate gaining support among underrepresented corporations
and this woke me up, about 3 pm (i usually get up at 6 pm for work).
man confidently hits 'send' on worst job application company has ever seen
tom brokaw touched so many women would go out of their way to defend filthy old pervert like himself
anyway somehow lisa found out that i’ve been sexting anna and wants to break up with me.
visit home referred to as vacation by parents
so for the past 6 years i have been best friends with this girl.
me and her girlfriend being childish people felt extremely hurt.
i care not a wit what your religion is as long as it's not hurting anyone.
obama begins state of the union by asking congress to imagine newt gingrich standing before them
god almost forgot to kill dave elfman of boulder, co today
catholic church rules perjury not a mortal sin
i apologized for that and we later concluded that the aftermath, whilst not being her fault, was poorly handled on her part.
roy moore on pedophilia accusers: 'these women are only discrediting me now because shifting sociocultural norms have created an environment in which assault allegations are taken seriously'
but they are always flashing their high beams at me and i try to turn them off for a bit but i am already so nervous to get pulled over as my license is on thin ice for a speeding ticket a few months ago.
i talked to another friend about how i felt like i didn't matter (even though i spent a lot of time, thoughts, and resources for her bday).
just to note, i wasn't awake when they were shoveling.
i’m young but i feel this is a lot to handle.
but that was before i had such severe social anxiety.
we were both really looking forward to it for a long time because the lineup is really good, we wanted to dance our stress away, and of course to have another new years kiss.
she has men endlessly trying to get with her because they think it’s “hot” that she’s in esports.
online university allows students to amass crippling debt at own pace
mark zuckerberg recalls coming up with idea for facebook after seeing dopamine-addicted lab rat starve to death
it feels like we have nothing to talk about, and whenever we do talk, it's like we're shooting things past each other, giving plain responses, like "oh, okay, cool." our conversations get more and more awkward each time we have them.
speed stick now available in neapolitan
i met a guy at work about 6 months ago who i guess i just sorta slowly fell in love with.
weird, creepy guy just hanging around same website all day long
she told me that because she was my manager i should have gotten her permission to borrow a chair.
i gave him too many chances to, and he never took them." it was a little awkward afterwards, but since he wasn't there anymore, the party transitioned back to normal fun.
you don't have to have dinner or anything." my answer was, "if i go to see you on thanksgiving or christmas or anything like that, it's practically celebrating the holidays in my eyes, which i don't want to do." she walked away from me and didn't talk to me for the rest of the day, and i feel really horrible about it.
secretary of treasury announces plan to remove gross penny from circulation
edit2: he apparently admitted to the cheating at she took off to stay with her sister.
this was our first double date with them.
a recent patient of mine was a convicted peadophile and fled from police when they went to arrest him again after new charges came to light.
she has been beyond supportive now that we actually sat down and talked instead of arguing and i feel like we’re gonna be okay.
archaeologists discover first hominid to own tools but never use them
aita for thinking nobody should wear earbuds in public?
after locking in the dates, i gave my parents the information to purchase the tickets.
am i the asshole in this situation?
i didn't pester them and the two week periods before messages were just that.
loveless marriage offset by beautiful four-bedroom home
&#x200b; were the fights between your bf and max minor?
are attractive, does that make me bisexual?
he was hamming it up real big.
liquor's neon coloring likely good measure of its excellence
one month later he complained even more severely that the noise from my dog was beginning to become an intolerable nuisance.
my mom and dad are very strict about discipline and manners, but i’ve never seen them treat me favorably over him or vice versa.
planet fitness offering new lights-off hour so no one can watch you work out
so i called her out on it and only created a major blow up.
(i didn’t even have my dog packed up).
and too anxious and embarrassed to tell my parents.
these concerns, unmet, feel like the seed of doubt is being watered.|9.
we had our issues, but they didn’t abuse me and i can honestly say that they weren’t the reason i wanted to leave.
but that seems illogical as i dont know whats in their hearts.
keep in mind, at this time, i worked two jobs.
stephen miller desperately searching for next fix after high of detained children starts wearing off
aita for parking in a handicapped spot that i had good reason to believe would never be needed.
the situation in question actually happened a while ago.
while i was doing this my mom decided i wasn't fast enough, came to check what i was doing and asked how long will it take to which my sister replyed "he's playing, he doesn't care." so i told them both to fuck off because that bothered me.
mom knows bf is black, and adamantly disapproves.
'perfect' birthday card discovered in local mall
i told her that she is the cause of all these problems, and told her she needed to leave my apartment.
your first mod may be your classmate's third mod while for someone else, it may be their last mod.
aita for wanting them to leave already?
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: " the only reason they are against who "joined a week ago" started shit talking /any/ other guild i'd kick them on the spot, with evidence.
anyway, i text her mother offering condolences.
had either her or i seen his bank account, we would have known he had 2 different cell phones & spending habits that would betray his deception.
nothing fancy, i just wanted some good conversation over a tasty meal.
he told me until he finds something new i'm going to have to pitch in for rent.
last week i was involved in a car wreck on my way to work.
cheering gets slightly less loud after obama's call for community service
there’s this kid in my grade who can really frustrate me.
a little backstory me and this friend met back in highschool i moved, he stayed, then later moved to live with his sister and her boyfriend or fiancee(not sure which one).
i researched bed prices and they’re at least $100 and found a reasonable roll up mattress for $150.
i barely managed to keep my cool.
new york's finest protect new york's richest
as far as i can tell none of us has ever shown any tendencies that would support this.
who knows how long that could take...
we broke up august of last year and ended up stop talking to each other altogether at the end of the following october.
i feel like our relationship has become a routine and honestly my feelings have become less romantic and more as those of a bestfriend.
red lobster introduces new mechanical jumbo shrimp ride
i know this is what mainly caused it because i hit all my performance metrics and was the 2nd best on the team in terms of job performance.
do you think i did the wrong thing by taking it back after it had already been a year?
he had run it past other people and they unanimously agreed with him.
nope she wanted me in class because allegedly all i use her class for is for errands.
just when couple finally stops stressing about having a baby, they're still not pregnant
we're both 22, and have been together since we were 17.
should i have stood firm in my plan?
i knew i couldn't say it back to her, so i didn't and explained as to why i couldn't say it back.
for the past 5 tax seasons he has gifted it to me, which was nice.
i had hoped to sneak the dog in but either management saw me or someone in the building saw and told management.
i have a pretty sensitive job with regards to things i shouldn't be saying in to a direct feed to the wifi and i don't really want to have my privacy taken from me.
i went to 1 teaching session that kept me off-site for \~4 hours, as it was too short notice to reschedule easily.
why the fuck would he need to call one, it’s not like my phone doesn’t work.
area desk doesn't mind if people sit on it like a chair every once in a while
health experts recommend standing up at desk, leaving office, never coming back
there is a key difference between her family and mine.
john mccain requests ashes be launched into iraq
the girl however told us both that it was non of our business and that kelly didn't have to motivate her decisions to us.
&#x200b; tl;dr short term boyfriend claims he's busy and tired and not my daughters babysitter despite only "watching" her overnight (both sleeping majority of time).
our friendship since then has never been better, and she hangs out with me a lot more now.
we don’t care what she gives us, but don’t want to be guilted.
health inspector repulsed by restaurant's customers
i admire her determination to get somewhere by her own terms and not relying on others but j wish sometimes she would accept my help.
teacher who dedicates life to students total fucking bitch
retarded child gets new video game right before every dinner party
teen rebel refusing to purchase yearbook
i realize now how it came across to bring up the issue especially because she just joined.
i was joking about how our old school uniforms looked, and how they looked inappropriate on an 8 year old.
things are already shaky with this person, so i fired back in a private snapchat story, explaining to anyone upset that i stand by my post, and went further to say that i've never met a good or honorable communist in my life, name-dropping a person i know she's friends with, one who has also groped my best friend without her consent, and calling that person a "commie asshole".
the next day, i wake up, and see that our streak is miraculously still alive.
i got sick of her shit and said if you can’t cal me thats fine i get that things can come up and we get busy but you agreed to this time and if you can’t make it the very minimum is you tell me whats up.
historical archives: to be sold - tri-cornered shoes
they put their dogs in shock collars.
now i'm not going to sit here and say i was a perfect angel, because i wasn't.
the main source of debt now is our weding party which was vastly over-budgeted, way more than we could afford, and again i strongly advised not spending too much money but she and her family went ahead and left me in the dark until afterwards.
aita for being a millennial tired of millennials whining?
&#x200b; i love him, but he's always been the testy one.
my sister said suggested i check with my wife to make sure it's ok for her to borrow the car but assumed my wife would be ok with my sister taking the car to the licencing centre to renew her licence and do whatever else she needs since my wife is out of town anyway and we have an extra car.
everyone joked she had daddy issues, which she felt really self conscious about.
tennis instructor mentoring young player sees potential in parents' income
raffle ticket stared at with increasing disgust
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: i was rebutting your excuse with the values of my guild, - i care about the representation of , if you don't care about that's fine, nbd.
aita for constantly giving shit to a kid who might be autistic?
the question as to whether this should be public or not is up to the daughters, in my opinion.
so i didn’t tell my parents we were friends again, and realized i had to when i was telling them my plan to visit my boyfriend.
fbi quickly follows up on tip about potentially dangerous man who killed 17 in school shooting
so, am i the asshole, and if i am, how the hell can i not be?
i also stray away from dumbass because i don’t want to curse at people all the time.
our relationship ended in early 2015 and i would have thought by now that either my ex or my family and friends would have deleted each other off facebook.
he actually made me cry over skype, prodding me about something else - he was clearly drunk - and then just left...
for the record, i also gave him and my daughter a combo gift of a $400 50 inch tv.
rural south dakotan walks away from first encounter with jewish man, shaken but unharmed
this girl violated me and i say with complete seriousness that i would rather relive my rape than that halloween night.
the second i saw that door close, i called 911.
oxfam: 'your donation will help us protect impoverished girls from our employees'
merck ceo taunts patients by lowering drug prices until just out of their reach
he tells me that my dad is taking him to eat to a nearby town.
i truly don't mind, i wouldn't have used it anyway.
so i dramatically stood up and collapsed onto the floor (my real attacks arnt that flashy, since i know how to deal with them).
kinky girlfriend wants to try sexual pleasure tonight
so, at some point when we were talking at length (about some drama with her friends) i referred to a situation as being, "retarded." i stopped and said, "ugh, i really gotta stop saying that.
person who clearly hasn't seen 'the fifth element' arguing there no good roles for women
she started not coming back at night.
botanists making great strides in stem research
i always read the description and i also ask for modifications if any ingredients are in it that i don’t like.
tl;dr picked up a stray dog, couldn't keep or find him a home so i dropped him off where i found him.
thank you for your responses but i'm not going to read any more.
mike pompeo impressed by realism of saudis' halloween decorations
me and my roommate (25 y/o males) work and live together and we're both pretty lazy.
i know i can't get people to change their minds, but i can't just pretend i'm ok with it either.
and in fifteen years, none of the real landlords or proxies thereof have come barging in on short notice the way my mom does.
she told me she wasn’t gonna hear it from me too.
this story consists of two people, me, and this girl.
fleshlighthouse guides weary sailors home to realistic vaginal texture
however, he doesn't have his own spot and his neighborhood is difficult to find parking in.
i dont know why i saved it and i swear i havent watched while i've been with him
now its biased towards woman to me this is sexist aita?
but i feel sorta guilty a few months later and just wanted to have other people’s opinions.
i’ve been doing more than my fair share of the household responsibilities for a long time and i’m getting frustrated that so much of my free time is being eaten up by housekeeping we’ve had a few arguments about how the cleanliness and organization of the home is very important to me.
i assumed she meant for the depression or other health stuff because she had basically stopped eating and had a lot of stomach and sleep problems so i didn't think much of it- she would make an appt with a dr and be back later in the evening or whatever.
abortion issue 'most critical of our time,' say tobacco-industry executives
i panicked for a second and slammed on the gas pedal to get some space behind me.
i want to tell him but at the same time it’s nice knowing, ya know?
sentimental old founder renames company j.d. power and friends
this one-word answer thing would happen with every conversation, including wow (i didn't play, she plays a lot), sex, jobs, day-to-day life, league of legends (we both played), and pretty much every other thing we talked about.
entire blogosphere stunned by blogger's special weekend post
aita for eating all the caramel corn out of the mixed popcorn tin?
her brother died 10 years ago and from what i understand she barely saw him growing up due to divorce and long distances.
later, at lunch, she yelled at me for not apologizing.
thank you for all the votes.
aita for not wanting to tidy my house because i work full time ?
maybe it was that "forbidden fruit" aspect of it, where my gf pointing her out all the time made me more curious about her.
mother: oh, i don’t think the pizza in new york is known for being all that yummy.
when my parents divorced i was 13, and i asked her why she didn’t just let dad have custody and she said to me, “do you know how society looks at a woman who doesn’t have custody of her own kids?” as an aside, i am also angry at her because i am 35 and just realized i have autism which she probably noticed (she is a doctor) and didn’t seek treatment for because she didn’t want an autistic kid.
she will even like dance around and show off her bodus in front of me but as soon as getting busy comes up its nope!
song banged out in half hour by professional songwriters to define teenager's personality for next two years
my dad got so mad, and he still talks to me like it was my fault the greenhouse got blown over.
aita for setting a rule that my girlfriend and now fiancee should never be alone with another man, regardless of her relationship?
i asked her out on a date to a cozy restaurant in our small town (gainesville, fl).
a few points of clarification 1) my main issue is that i can't (her rule) eat her out while she is on her period, which is an activity that we both enjoy, but i especially enjoy as it focuses on her.
everytime he speaks a word its either something ridiculously dumb or just something to annoy me.
i get a sinking feeling in my stomach and ask her what’s up.
people do not believe me when i tell her she is my sister.
this argument has extended to today, and whereas i'm standing my ground and genuinely trying to explain my rationale, she complains about my unempathetic and cold attitude and has made some hurtful jabs in an effort to get me to reconsider, even alluding to a breakup because she doesn't "see a future together".
am i a complete asshole for having these feelings?
**customer** it happened again order xxxxxxx-xxxxxx **walmart bot** before we get started, please provide your walmart.com account email address.
the disappointed look on their face when i said i had to go to “work” was traumatic.
seaworld debuts new controversial orca whale burlesque show
picture of iphone used as iphone wallpaper
we have a house together, share friends, etc.
its a hobby of mine and i love capturing parts of the world, just freezing beautiful things in time so they can be preserved forever.
friend group completely disintegrates within 5 minutes of graduation
opening band upstaged by pre-show music
so d texts my boyfriend and he accepts her help.
i want to keep to myself".
i need some sort of moral closure and to know if i did what i did wrong.
anyway i think i’m not an asshole because it’s normal for couples to share and she thinks i’m an asshole because it’s not technically “equal”.
it was the end of my shift so i put away my radio and badge and headed out, ready to walk up that steep hill in a heat wave during july to get in my car and go home.
i've mentioned this to my dad, and he'll tell me im being mean but never actually disagrees with me in any way.
dozens of glowing exit signs mercilessly taunt multiplex employee
yet i dont know who was in the wrong in this argument.
our friends are a couple, sam and julia, and when i arrived and sat down, julia asked me how my sick pet was whilst she was preparing food.
i saw the opportunity and took it.
bashar al-assad introduces syrian bike-sharing program
i'm talking about a situation like this where there is a clear line of cars in the right lane trying to exit and someone cuts to the front of the line: [
it is on the same date that my girlfriend and i had originally planned to go on vacation together, and i was torn in between these two events.
my logic is that even though its a supposed industry standard if you dont specify before the fact you cant blame someone for not being cool with it.
went through a shit time coz of it battling anxiety and depression till i got over her.
**tl;dr** brother's gf of 2 years did not attend our only other brother's wedding, where said brother was best man.
well i guess i'm an asshole.
&#x200b; my boyfriend claims that traveling while sick is one of the worst thing you can do.
got a message back "at least tony and this bitch aren't breathing all heavy in my ear, ya fatass" laugh it off, continue life.
report: really old tenant probably pays much cheaper rent
i have two boys aged 8 and 10.
at the beginning of our relationship i mentioned this unsolved business.
recently one of my friends told me she thinks i'm an asshole for staying with him.
koch brothers encouraging youth to make voices heard by registering super pac
aita for thinking this short film got famous because it's about gay people?
report: 58% of world's japanese speakers white 23-year-old american males
while i flash my headlights sometimes, or *try* to wave, it's hard to gauge a reaction through the dark.
i know i probably should leave them alone, but knowing they'll end up sad and in a bad position at school i just can't bring myself to do it.
i’m 17 and not really involved in politics and i don’t know what i am.
new secret service agent disappointed there are no decoy presidents
head on pike really pulling together castle's look
after he missed a shot, he said something along the lines of “i’m gonna pretend the targets are your girlfriend, it might help me shoot better” this makes me furious.
i believe this is a date.
aita for causing my "friend" to have a mental breakdown.
aita: sleeping with a married woman after meeting drunk at a party, this woman came on to me and only after kissing me mentioned that she was married.
also i did the rest " so yeah, that implied he did nothing that mattered in the final version, but i didn't want to say it outright...
his reply was very snippy and said he had not realised this was still a thing and it was not ideal to be unable to come home but that he would stay with his gf.
container of recyclables emptied into trash
aita for not taking the food i ordered and leaving this nasty review after they refused to give me all of it?
i might be the asshole here; wouldn't be surprised.
no i mean he will throw a temper tantrum if she doesn't talk to him every hour.
monkfish wishes monkfish weren't all the rage
during shop time, hes constantly on his ipad watching this shit, to which he misses valuable info from lessons.
he is my first boyfriend and i generally have problems with insecurity which i'm working on, but it's stil a work in progress.
not gonna bring it up again i promise!
aita for making jokes about priests molesting kids and offending my friend who was sexually abused as a kid?
letter of recommendation reused for eighth intern
he also told me that no one but my step-sister knows about these things.
i’ve worked in retail before and it was basically my only job to go through and refold stuff to the standard of the store.
after a few days of nothing i got a lowball offer and decided to begrudgingly take it after some unsuccessful negotiating and the guy saying that's all the money he had.
i made a nice little profit , seller got his money and he got his thing in the pricerange he wanted.
i worried so much that i had this horrible pain in my stomach and ran to the bathroom and there was a huge amount of blood.
&#x200b; thanks &#x200b; edit : none of the houses had any signs about keeping off their grass edit 2: xeriscaping edit 3: results are in, yep i'm an asshole.
as i cycle off he tells me to take the right medicine next time.
both m and a found this funny, but i was pretty pissed and i told him he needed to wash his dishes and i stopped using his all together.
for most of the game my roommate was present and some mutual friends stopped by as well.
queen elizabeth watches as oxen pull apart farmer who failed to provide yearly tithe of grain
we flirt, and eventually she leans in and kisses me, and i reciprocate.
background: it was a family reunion at my grandma's house and everyone was talking.
i am a man in my early 20s, but because of my mental issues (i have anti social personality disorder) i have never been able to find a real friend who shares my interest.
eventually i ended up unblocking k but not g.
nasa launches probe to find, destroy earth-like planet
someone tipped him off to this and he self reported before they caught him though.
honestly, no, but they deserve an apology and a better friend.
so, i know the title makes the answer seem obvious, but it’s something i’m actually struggling with.
i also told her to call me if she felt overwhelmed and i would come down and help her.
aita for asking my passengers to split the whole cost of gas money from a long road trip?
'syrians' lives are worthless,' obama tells daughters before kissing them goodnight
high school history textbook concludes with little blurb about last 40 years
area woman thinking about doing that thing where she's mean to other women she meets for no reason
the strong shall eat the weak and so on.
victoria's secret introduces 3-inch patch of satin to place anywhere on body
lie to cover surprise party sounds more fun than surprise party
we are all late 20s or early 30s.
they refused the food because they disliked the flavor or texture of mushrooms, or onions, or whatever.
problem starts after the party when we all had to go back (via public transport).
believe me i enjoy the ride.
someone would ask another person to buy them diamond earrings to wear at a deployed location and 2.
kim jong-un panics after returning to north korea to find country's populace has escaped
surprise, we're both still shitty people and probably idiots for staying together too.
i don't think she was telling me this in good faith since she seemed fully on the boys' side, but i said fine and let it go.
david koch delivers suit with note reading 'wear this tonight' to marco rubio's hotel room
so would i be an asshole if for the next month or so i stop wearing makeup when we go out and i don't put out at all (just come up with whatever excuse i need to when he starts trying to make a move)?
romney campaign releases new picture of candidate standing in situation room during bin laden raid
i was an asshole to her at first and i cheated on her but she stuck up for herself and i quickly fell in love with her.
i don't have a visit scheduled and i am watching the cable right now.
it was very hard for me to even lift the thing on my own to take it to the dump, but i did manage!
she noticed he wasn't keeping his balance very well and was very unsettled.
i would be happy to shop with you if you want, and deliver like last year.” brother, “yeah, you should actually help her fill out paperwork for an organization.
nation's younger cousins announce plans to cry at haunted houses this year
it’s just a part of me, a huge part that feels to be me at my most comfortable level.
nation surprised to realize it wants more john travolta
you go to a local bar pick up the ugliest girl there and take her home.
i was comforting her telling her why i'm still dating her and why i think she's great.
she urged him to drink some water and sober up and he initially listened but couldn’t resist the call of my cousins playing basketball in the driveway.
so i am not sure if this breaks any rule, or if this will add to the now long list of "obviously nta" that are around here lately...
my friends added another friend of mine who they don’t know into a chaotic group chat against my wishes ok, so for context: i live in an insular community.
if she's playing hardball, would it be an asshole move for me to play hardball right back and say that she can't move in until she rehomes the cat?
honda grom is not a scooter although it does have a small engine it is still a street legal motorcycle.
aita for trying to reject someone in a subtle way i’m gay.
swans in committed relationship barely ever arch necks into heart shape anymore
his current girlfriend lives out-of-state, but visits for a week or two at a time.
now he’s really mad, and basically says “if i can’t have it, no one can,” and threatens to take it home so no one could use it.
so i brought all my food back into my room, except for a few "looks good, decoys(bullshit i don't eat) i left in the fridge" so i figure, hey, i have a bag of chips or whatever, i'm not going to walk outside and eat than go back in after i'm done when i have it right here?
wistful kim jong-un stumbles onto childhood drawings he made of nuclear attacks on west
m responded to this by calling me a childish asshole and claiming i only told l to ruin their friendship.
and i’ve been in the apartment for almost the entirety of the day and so has he.
i discovered that his cousin/brother/whatever was in junior high during the events of the rape case, and it looks like everyone else involved was in highschool, so i kept looking into it.
what does my sister need the support for?
and i still gotta suck it up because i love the shiba so so so much i couldn’t even imagine not having him around.
new legislation would shut down u.s. education system, give each american student $3,000 to start own small business
aita for advising my boss that he needs to fire several employees?
i start talking about it to the room (julia, sam and boyfriend, but remained facing julia and sam due to the room layout), it's been a bit of an ordeal, vets, money, thinking he was dying, and my boyfriend just starts talking to sam about the board game he's brought?
i have asked him to reinstall them before.
(we feel that marriage is an entirely unnecessary step when committing yourself to your partner) in my experience, it is common practice for married couples to be fully transparent about money.
last cherry tomato in salad a wily little bastard
the title is misleading, but technically true.
all was well, the cake was amazing, and everyone was really calm and not arguing (which is surprising, my mother's side is...
aita for believing the people of the united states deserve the shitshow that will come with another gop majority?
tldr: i need to relocate for work and expect my girlfriend to be on board because i make more than her.
me: (very calmly, not sassy or anything) so you'd rather give me the chips and have me throw them away in front of you?
hope hicks instructed to clean up all the evidence in her office before leaving
paramount executive snaps up script that begins with studio logo fading into establishing shot of actual mountain
if i bring him out with my friends, it ends in an argument over absolutely nothing.
ceiling fan's one burning ambition to come loose and murder everyone in denny's
this developed into a strong friendship and although he sometimes got a little too close i never went there because of his relationship and my lack of attraction.
expect to hear from your administrator as well.
hard day's work fails to yield sense of job well done
he's perfectly fine with the train.
my main worry is if i called animal control to report the issue about the improper fencing allowing the dumb little shits out, animal control would get angry about the 7+ dogs and make the neighbor get rid of some, which is the thing that i might be an asshole for.
we are both in our early 30’s and i have known her for a few years.
i texted her happy birthday after my friend yelled at me but she never replied to me.
but both of them are upset with me for how i reacted to their texts.
transplanted new yorker disappointed with local bagel scene
then, him and his friend (who i also have a problem with) go into her room.
bill clinton waiting until after primaries to endorse candidate
now this girl is actually very nice, not an attention seeker or a tease and she does try her best.
fast forward to 3 months later and she's angry and says that she doesn't want to be friends anymore.
do you think this is fair for a cop who does need a certain level of strength and fitness
now, i've seen adderall do bad stuff to people...
she thinks that since it isn't her dog, it isn't her responsibility.
the car at front was a black bmw and the driver was looking at his phone instead of at the light.
am i justified in thinking she should give me my gift card and a sincere apology?
i've been sick for over a month with a bad cough.
zip-loc introduces new party sub sandwich baggies
university suspends all lightweights from campus following fraternity hazing death
she then gets up and walks to the whole other side of the train even though that meant she had to stand until we got to her stop.
&#x200b; tl;dr: my boyfriend was being secretive.
woman getting all defensive about inherent worth and selfhood
so one of the last times she was gone longer than what she had said i blatantly told her i thought she was cheating on me.
ill steal his lunch out of the fridge and when he asks where it went ill tell him i didnt see him with lunch today.
we could have discussed it together and made our decision together, instead of her just deciding to say no without even mentioning it.
i'm bringing it up because it was relevant to the thing i was doing, and yes i'm still a bit hurt by it.
i told her that by venting to the interns (while she was away) was my outlet to making me feel better.
series of grave errors results in jeff and kim's 5th anniversary
so now you have to eat it and give it to me for that much." i explained to him that i can't give it for that little and i'll be willing to compromise for this misunderstanding and give him a 20% discount as a floor model and give it to him for $800 instead.
so long as i pass my driver's test tomorrow, i will have my license.
so, i told her i’d be fine with that and then she starts talking about how much it will cost.
we found out tonight that she actually already got married.
tl;dr: i fell out of love with my fiancé and cancelled the wedding.
am i an asshole, or controlling or whatever, for making sure her guy friends aren't up to some shit.
company's employees spend entire day touching base
middle-aged cat can't begin to compete with adorable kittens on internet
drunk man staring at ihop syrups
archaeologists: egyptian pyramids actually early attempt at camping
she works like 70 hours a week in order to pay for her flat and education.
i don't want to spend it in a situation that i will find stressful and uncomfortable.
the only other person to know could be the other friend who came into lunch with him.
my dad and his gf constantly say how once i get a job, do i expect to be told thanks everyday or something along those lines.
report: average american has just 20% of what it takes
this was over a year and a half ago, and tonight my buddies and i are drinking and discussing old relationships/tinder dates.
**customer** i want the items, i've been waiting for them for three weeks.
heaven installs spikes to keep cherubs from shitting on st. peter's gate
personal philosophy stolen from martin luther king jr.
it's not his job to make me accept his new relationship, and i know he feels super shitty after i told him.
however, my mom has quite a bit of information that could help me as my brother and i both spoke to her about what was going on, it was after all her home we were setting up bitcoin miners in.
man unable to wear nice clothes without everyone asking questions
despondent sean spicer returned to locked kitchen cupboard following press briefing
bannon forced to cancel 'muscle & fitness' cover shoot to testify before grand jury
so i go and wake her up and show it to her.
red lobster criticized for decimating biscuit populations along cheddar bay
i asked her about this and also reaffirmed that i didn't mind it at all and was just being curious.
he has started saying that he had a feeling "\[i\] wouldn't try hard in school".
so next day i saw her best friend at work (she works with me) and she basically said that i really blew it because girlfriend was expecting me to propose on the trip.
so after 3 days of using the charger, i returned it for a full refund!
i point up to the light and say, "the seatbelt light is still on." he responds, "well he could get up or just urinate here on you," like i'm the one being unreasonable.
it could be something like them asking if im seeing somebody or if they could take me our for coffee/dinner/ect.
i straight up told her that i couldn't be with someone that i'm not exclusive with and that this was the last time we'd ever be together cause this was the second time she'd done this.
so we've been talking about rings for maybe the last six months and i finally bought one that i feel definitely fit her personality.
it is associated with values and standards that they volunteer to uphold, bf son has not made these efforts or commitments.
fast forward to now, this girl b has become seemingly quite a lot more mentally healthy and has been with a therapist since that time.
company lacks manpower to complete newest round of layoffs
and was so sorry, i was like almost in tears because i didn't mean to do that to him it just really seemed like he was following me and after my last incident i couldn't take any chances.
he claims to still be troubled by it and still feels suicidal, but i don’t feel this is my responsibility at this point or that i have to forgive him for the things he said or see him again to talk.
he told me how he is an immigrant and he has 5 kids and implied to me that he would lose his job if he had “another” claim filed against him.
over the next few months, things got worse.
the cat seems to be fine and i clean up the mess laughing at the fact that i get to clean up cleaning supplies (better than it being shit).
'it's just a plant, man,' says purdue pharma ceo waving poppy flower before opioid lawsuit judge
whenever we go out, i tend to drive because i live farther from the other neighborhoods in brooklyn and manhattan and i don't want to take the subway.
stock market plunges ahead of onion social hague trial
cancer walk goes under 15-straight miles of high tensile power lines
even worse, they have started ignoring even the invites to do other fun things.
after dinner we all sat down, had a couple of beers and talked with each other, just like we usually do.
i would certainly not expect him to give me any money if he won.
storied fantasy owner relocates to new ip address
i always have to pause a movie we’re watching or something she’ll even pause foreplay so she can go.
&#x200b; (english isn't my native language i'm sorry) &#x200b; &#x200b; u guys opened my eyes and i am really appreciating it.
music compels weak man to dance
my brother like i said is nominally in charge but i am also part owner, and two i am the main reason why my brother is as successful as he is through the things that ive done for him.
at first i would correct him passively.
dad, for the entire two weeks, would call tommi “he” or “him”.
most of it hits my lap and she and my mate start laughing.
it’s weird &nbsp;&nbsp; >her: okay leaving you to your tactless life now
aita for telling my mother she’s arrogant for praying for me?
report: typical city bus contains no fewer than four erections at any given time
i tested it at 29 seconds to drive.
i'm accompanying my partner to a relatively small wedding (approximately 60 guests) and the bride and groom have said that all male guests have to wear a black suit and all women have to wear red.
apologies for the title, i don't know the best way to summarize this.
to clear things up a bit, we‘re in a european country, the price of things here are a bit different.
report: decision to read this headline has erased future daughter 'emily' in all possible timelines
we have been on-and-off for several years.
she told me i should respect him.
i'm basically building up to courage to shatter his aspirations due to the fact that not only would he would be up the ass in debt but might not be able to find suitable employment or satisfaction in this field.
i later went and checked all the music he posted on different platforms and they all had very few following aside from some kind words from his friends.
i watched the suv shrinking into the distance in my mirror as it flipped up in the air, rolled over and over several times and came to a stop upside-down just above the ditch.
he’s getting frustrated and at one point he dies and said “this sucks.
family spends relaxing weekend destroying outdoors
rumors of extramarital affair end campaign of presidential candidate who didn't know china has nuclear weapons
i have since been sick with worry every single time she goes to work.
later, i brought up splitting the cost of my flight home (we split the hotels, gas, etc for the drive).
aita for attempting to confront my wife's lover and trespassing in his home?
she called my mom thirty minutes later and i told my mom to ignore her too.
aita for staying 15 minutes longer to talk?
it was registered to “abc, llc” (not the real name obviously).
but thinking back on it i kind of felt bad about not giving her an extra dollar or two.
worker who forgot email attachment expects coworkers to forgive her just like that
aita for not entirely paying for my son's tuition?
&#x200b; i have been avoiding him after that, but he keeps approaching my friend group whenever he sees us around campus.
promised me he wouldn't ever take that many in front of me, and that if he does, i had his express written (literally -- we were dramatic teenagers) permission to abandon him in some woods until he calls me and tells me he's sober.
they never actually called me asshole.
i could get the paid version to get rid of false positives, but i make a matter of principle to not pay for apps.
this is their business and in the us they charge draconian amounts of money that far exceed the actual cost of those services and they think it is their right to charge whatever they want on the grounds that we have to have it.
we were there with mostly her family and a group of her friends show up.
girlfriend and i have been dating like 4 months.
at the time me and my girlfriend were 21.
and then it hit me, i really don't think this is cool at all.
the timeline also didn't make sense, and after talking to a bunch of people who dealt with similar things i surmised it was a scam and moved on with my life.
my mom keeps telling me if she fails then i will have to help her but if that was the case she would be homeless.
and in the month since then i've forgotten a few times about the doctor's orders not to pick her up by the arms.
however i have no evidence right now to implicate him as he got on whatsapp web while i wasn't watching and kept it for a while and deleted all the pervy chats and everything.
he barely believed it but it held for two years.
flash my colleague on the other side of the office the stink eye and without thinking i forward the video to my friend whatsapp group with the same misleading headline.
worthless child spills last can of beer
mom thought nfl's first openly gay player should have been drafted earlier
i thought nothing of it and we continue to go straight.
mom uses full name to refer to bisquick impossibly easy cheeseburger pie
we're also going to put our plans in writing, including that i'll make some of my savings available for buying our house together, as will he.
edit 2: i’m getting a lot of harassment in my pms.
it was the middle of summer, and my mother-in-law was in town to visit.
(my name)” it’s important to mention that they wanted me to join them for thanksgiving but for me to conceal what happened from the rest of the family.
entirety of hollywood film industry replaced with 40,000 christopher plummers
nation gathers around area man trying to parallel park
he has a dog for that.” btw this dude has no friends (because he’s a piece of shit) so i kind of took pleasure in the thought of him being lonely.
and that i’m teaching her to be worried about herself at an early age.
i’m at a loss for what else to do but i cannot work with maire anymore, knowing she’s been spoken to by management about her attitude and work ethic but won’t change.
distraught mueller burns every piece of evidence in case after hearing trump's critique of u.s. intelligence community
point is, if i get enough legitimate posts telling me that i am an asshole, i'm more then willing to do and apologize.
i told her, that i cannot see a point in this relationship if she can't fully trust me.
it’s friday, make sure you have your cleaning duties done.”\* and listing our respective duties for all three of us.
and demanded that she get a refund or sell it when it arrives.
due to my cultural background, my competence in the language they were learning exceeded the class material.
spy drone struggling to assimilate back into civilian life
(we’ll say his name is chris) reason: i was in a friend group with chris and another guy (for story purposes lets call him...john).
the wife is scared of “rifles” thinking they are unnecessary for civilians to own due to how dangerous they are.
attempt to meet different types of people thwarted by partygoer who also watches 'friday night lights'
so last night all three of us where in the living room watching tv together around 11 pm.
my brother and i have not always been extremely close, but we've managed a few good memories and some deep conversations over the years.
the hubs, who had been hanging out with me, said he was gonna go get a snack, and eat in the living room as opposed to the bed, because duh.
definitely admit i was irresponsible -- i was a teenager.
visiting liberian dignitary in no hurry to leave
completely unrealistic tv character has complex, multifaceted personality
would saying that backtrack our relationship?
first off, this all happened about three months ago.
you asked for my honest opinion.
so this might sound a little complicated and i think i am the asshole here but just stick with me for a moment here.
- making it very clear that he is better than the rest of us at basketball by saying we are shit or babies ect.
never-before-heard buzzword flying around office can't be good
aides trying to talk trump out of sending associates to break into watergate office complex
she aggressively refused and i guess i just got fed up and slid her ipad off the bed as a way of telling her to really gtfo.
at the time i didn't regret any of this.
and she made herself go into that thorn bush.
i really want to go to prom and have a good time, but i feel like he will just make things really awkward with his presence and it’s already awkward for me trying to feel part of my friend group when i am a little isolated.
i mentioned that i had looked up what problems commonly occur between japanese and germans and that misunderstandings like these seemed to be common.
i then tried to trade the yellow for the two oranges, but was then told that she wanted the railroads.
i tell my manager about it, clarifying clearly that i want something end-to-end(mba jargon) and that i want out if there isn't anything of that kind.
before this i was up for anything and whenever someone suggested something i'd just agree because i just wanted to get a concensus.
i don’t want to keep the kids from her at all but i do not want to be in the same house as her, she has proven time and time again that she is unable to take care of the kids right now..
she leaves without me, leaving me feeling pretty pissed off that she couldn’t just wait a few more minutes for me, or help me take stuff downstairs instead of just standing at the door glaring at me, especially seeing as i finished packing at about 10 past 10.
corruption the gop has cast upon
the hardest i've ever heard him laugh, to the point where his eyes were running and his face got red.
we basically didn't talk too much since then and she was a year older than me so she graduated and started working.
aita for telling a classmate to reconsider her career in medicine?
he doesn't know what to expect and always assumes the worst will happen.
i was born and raised in kansas, and my girlfriend and her family immigrated here from central america about 18 years ago.
u.s. fish and wildlife officials release photos of missing perch
she is nice, cooks well and tries to help me, but there are times when our views clash or she annoys me.
who's the asshole, me, or my sister who refuses to compromise at all and make her guests feel welcome.
and saving the real mac and cheese (costs like $20 all in to make it btwn cheeses, milk etc) and stuffings for just us on the wknd instead.
she asked me if dave was seeing someone, and i told her i didn't think so.
this problem even further aggravated as the administration doesn't seem to give a shit!
so i decided to try something.
'i think we still have a shot,' carly fiorina assures closest inkjet printer
i’m wondering if i’m the asshole for immediately being disapproving of the relationship and not giving them a chance.
so am aita for thinking they're being assholes?
was i stupid to expect my internet friendships to have the same levels of respect and interaction as the ones i have in the real world?
advertiser thought this sponsored post was good idea
my real annoyance comes from that over the past couple weeks she's made 4 dates with me, and then bailed pretty close to the date each time.
also i mentioned earlier it was in winter, specifically christmas break when most students go home/aren't on campus (i was one of the few exceptions).
he was a piece of shit to everyone that worked for him...*except* my gf.
but i do not really have any personal relationship with her.
aita fight with brother so i had a bit of a fight with my older brother.
trump revokes puerto rico recovery funds after learning hurricane maria had fewer survivors
i have moved out, i have an amazing career, i have my own apartment and my own car, as well as a girlfriend who satisfies my every need.
this was a while ago but i will still omit details for anonymity.
i would not be here posting without a however.
he always gets way more drunk than anyone else and picks fights and gets angry.
also, i want to go to med school, so yes.
so, am i wrong for thinking that this is too much?
obama, romney remain about equally powerful
i have a feeling she thinks i'm being moody and passive aggressive.
new gallup poll finds 40% of americans probably going to skip michelle's party
dwarf actor assured guest spot on 'how i met your mother' will not be demeaning
horrified nation wakes up on cyber monday to find amazon echo devices embedded beneath skin
they are a biohazard, and they are unsanitary.
after the trip, i talked with my eldest brother and we agreed that everyone in the car other than myself would split the cost 4 ways for gas.
i have a nice face on my profile but when we meet up they are very taken aback and quiet.
and i know every year i didn't makes me more of an asshole but what now.
normally i have never had an issue with porn.
we were both complete virgins when we met so we learned and experienced everything together.
ice agent trying to think of fun name for jail cell before locking up immigrant child
michelle obama admits barack had way too much sperm to make natural conception possible
i've fallen hard for him, and i've been very conflicted on how to handle the situation, as he's straight and has an ongoing relationship with his girlfriend of 3 years, but has asked me to have rough sex with him with me as the top, him as the bottom (full story #4 below).
this might be a quite long, complicated, uninterresting adolescent story.
woman unaware she's only person on acid at james taylor concert
aita for not wanting to attend my girlfriends sons birthday because i had plans + it would be awkward she wants me to meet her side of the family.
a wise man once said, until you are able to convincingly argue from the other's point of view, one doesn't know all facets of the debate.
she then informs me that she didn't have them taken on her own, she went to a photographer.
i still go out to parties and hangout with friends i just haven’t been hanging out with him very much and insist i need the time to figure this out.
am i actually a shitty student and her words were justified?
dark, sinister underbelly of small suburban town turns out to just be heroin again
my mum asked me to be fully packed by 10am because she had a race to get to, and she wanted to leave in enough time.
sex scandal sinks klemke reelection bid
police report: sexual assault numbers under control, unless you count the super brutal ones
sonny bono foundation prevents at-risk youths from skiing into trees
pope francis kills 3 hours milling around atlanta airport during layover to d.c.
one of the guys in there was jewish.
my father occasionally gave him drips of water, and said things like "hi, dad.
no big deal, i love me some jackets.
am i the asshole for being mad?
lunatic realizes thing he screamed in middle of street earlier not entirely true
i tell him to go ahead and do it, still not believing he’d do anything.
well it turns out he failed and dropped out of uni.
he is gay but he is closeted.
unfunny inside joke from 5 years ago only thing holding friendship together
background: 5 years ago, i dated a girl while abroad in europe.
last night i was on a date with one of my partners while wife stayed home with child.
thing is the vouchers are electronical and you need a code that is sent to my phone each time which requires to be logged in with my card's credential and so on, in short i needed to be there for her to use them.
basically, it is a modular system.
the only one not happy was my date.
my initial response in my head was wtf?
its the next day now and i am feeling a bit anxious.
as i got older, i would say this trait subsided a bit, especially as i dated because i was shy around new people.
facebook: 'identifying hate speech is difficult because some posts actually make pretty interesting points'
but then after a month or so it was officially okay for me get intimate with her and we started kissing at social events and stuff.
a person who focuses on the teacher and what they are saying is much more likely to remember what was taught than a person who was drawing during class.
i'm 39 and she's 31, so we are not young.
however, this lady, we'll call her m (she's a part of the other family), always shows up an 1-2 hours before the start time.
they won a significant (but not huge) amount of money, whereas i won a few bucks.
she goes to rant on how she warned me about this beforehand, and that she called it and whatever the such, but when she drops a plate, she doesn't say anything.
aita for getting mad at him?
&#x200b; i felt disgusted with myself for the next few days.
subway drops jared fogle as spokesperson
but she had dated another guy she considered a "brother" as well.
she's living off of her trust fund.
aita for thinking she should pay (not for asking her to)?\\ edit3: i think i am going to be owing someone dinner.
one of my friends has been complaining for months, if not years, that his friends (including myself) have been involved in ongoing tabletop game campaigns and haven't invited him.
world leader wondering why he just met with the former governor of massachusetts
she changed, she was like a different person almost.
man holding hands with pregnant woman must have weird fetish
edit 2: i showed my girlfriend the comments and we're both laughing our asses off xd y'all are savage mfers, but seriously though it's not as big an issue as it seems.
especially my brother, he really tore her apart.
i’m not disruptive, disrespectful, and i mind the rules of all my teachers, regardless of whether i like them or not.
"next time, if i cook anything, how about you leave it for me to eat?
they have the argument that since their game needs audio and mine doesn't that i should have my audio turned down enough (but to them, "down enough" is to the point i can't hear the music well over the rhythm game.
so my daughter started using a new sitter last saturday.
nitroglycerin chex gingerly pulled from shelves
i feel like an asshole for causing this harassment towards these people and idk if he believed actually that i'll take legal actions.
a few months later they had broken up and she came back to me telling me he was so awful etc and we gave it another shot.
black man blissfully unaware his name going to be hashtag by end of week
de blasio courts iowa voters by winning 'largest candidate' at polk county fair
i was already outside with my friends watching and we decided to go to one of their houses.
both my parents are immigrants to the us and english is not their first language.
i said i’d do the commercial and i did it all in class which is half the assignment, and by the end of class they were still looking for a movie scene to pick.
we had a group text and each other's emails and...
i dont really spend time at home mainly because i dont like being at home, its a shit feeling and i still have until july because on my rent contract.
i made it clear as politely as i could that i was pretty hurt by this - both that i had been ignored about my friend, and that i was being replaced.
am i the asshole for actively asking her out and meeting up with her which i know is going to cause her to probably break up or is it her responsibility to take care of her own relationship?
please read what i’ve written carefully before you reply.
it’s just a single, uninterrupted run-on sentence sometimes spanning one or two minutes where nobody can slip in a “thanks” or “sounds good” so we’re all stuck listening to him.
the first time i asked he told me no.
aita for the initial comment or the latter or neither or both?
aita for getting mad at him for being jealous/insecure?
she continued to yell and tell me she found not accept it and she was just going her job.
moving one, some of the poeple in india have the funnist usernames (this will be important later) .
i told her she deserved the internship and apologized for criticizing her.
few days later, i was at a mutual friend party and my ex was there and i decided to send the photos to two of my close friends at the party and basically made fun of the photo.
my neighbor and i used to be good friends.
when ss was released, he moved in with b and now they're engaged to be matried in june 2019.
he said he would pay me back and never did.
well, i noticed that the deer had nowhere to go and naturally continued to pursue it, that's when the deer was starting to freak the fuck out.
same americans who made taylor swift popular polled on constitutionality of health care reform
i didn't tell my friend until tonight, during a drunken spree of overwatch, at which point he understandably got made and refused to talk to me.
this feeling evaporated as they all squared up to me and told me to go outside, pure screaming at me.
the thing is though i find it incredibly uncomfortable.
wibta if i broke up with my bf for lying about smoking?
i told her i loved her and that i just was tired.
grandparents' cabinets contain brand of cookies previously unknown to humankind
me: that's fine, cause you're not getting into my yard tonight.
but i screamed for a solid 5 minutes about how annoying his habit was, and how it was disrespectful to me.
that doesn't bother me at all as i'm someone who seeks an emotional connection well before a physical one, particularly as i've gotten older.
mccain's energy plan emphasizes elbow grease, sleeve-rolling-up
we didn’t want it to be over.
she was going to come to me this month.
trump disapproval rating reaches all-time none of this matters
baltimore named city with best quality of pigeon life
receipt brazenly placed in bag without permission
hillary clinton relaxing before debate with few hours of debate practice
she began suggesting that i was nothing but an ungrateful asshole and proceeded to just make sure to make me feel like trash for not wanting the nice adidas pants and nike hoodie i had gotten and honestly i don't think i am but i'm curious to see what an outsider would think.
'there's nothing to it,' secret service agent assures mar-a-lago bellhop assigned rooftop sniper duty
which has only ever happened when she gets like super saiyan angry.
lazy minor league promotion just 'baseball night at the stadium'
mta official too nervous to tell commuters waiting for train that service shut down permanently an hour ago
i still think she is the one that brought out the worst in me.
i feel like my bf thinks it’s super rude to the employees to do this kind of stuff, i don’t feel bad about it, aita?
today i had an opportunity to sit with them, i really wanted to.
u.s. middlemen demand protection from being cut out
lone mexican in mexican restaurant doing the dishes
kavanaugh impressed by hazing rituals before they let you join supreme court
college rape victim pretty thrilled she gets to recount assault to faculty committee
this was not how our relationship worked before, and was news to me.
for my birthday in the past, but ella sad it was too much and from now on no more gifts or anything.
but then i found out what’s for dinner.
my husband has two children (stepdaughter 15 and stepson 13) with his ex-wife and she has two children from a relationship before she met him.
i didn't think anyone got offended, but i still feel like an asshole for making those jokes.
report: 45% of all randomly paired freshman roommates now at breaking point
sw- could i ask you to give me that seat(pointing at mine).
roy moore refusing to withdraw from alabama 13-year-old
area spoon only rinsed for past 18 months
morbidly obese man enjoys disabled privileges with motorized cart
after that he blocked her everywhere, but called me, kcs mother, and other close friends to tell tales about how "she was hanging out in drug dens" and other bullshit.
and now are cars are at a point that's so close that i can't believe we haven't already touched.
he can be the kindest man in the world, but his anger/control issues and insecurities are getting in our way.
man returns to work after vacation with fresh, reenergized hatred for job
i wanted a cat when i was younger, but my parents never got me one despite that; i figured that now that i have a stable job, i can easily afford to take on a little extra responsibility and fulfill a childhood dream of owning a pet for my first time.
anyway there is a girl in my class [17f] who is a total bitch, she is a bit nasty to people and stuck up.
he said that if she really desired they could try again once the stress of school had ended.
we've had discussions and arguments over politics before but not like this.
aita for doubting that my (m18) ex (f16) was raped?
it is really evident to me how much it is effecting his everyday life, as he is just so addicted to this person yet gets physically and verbally abused.
wheelchair basketball game enjoyed for all the wrong reasons
on top of the stresses and new experiences that college was offering i was finding that it wasn't worth sacrificing my happiness to remain in this relationship.
retired pope benedict pledges to donate soul for ecclesiastic research
so, am i the asshole for being annoyed by my aunt’s generous, but useless, gift?
i had always been honest with her, so she believed me and told me she was willing to try.
the usher told me that he couldn't make me sit, but just don't turn around and mouth off at the guy yelling at me.
i didnt know how to react so i just kind of dropped the food from my mouth and into the plate.
time went by and basically nothing changed - people ignored me, the clique hid in their secret chat, i got told off at practice for the smallest mistakes, and i was not getting the play time i wanted.
judge totally understands where defendant is coming from
in the unit below us is my bf's twin brother and one of their lifelong friends.
i'm very outgoing and creatively expressive.
man's whole job undoing handiwork of self-checkout machine
bruce springsteen accidentally plays 'big government's stealin' our livelihood' at obama rally
but i've only seen her in person a few times since then (2 hour long talks twice and once we just hung out) and have kind of cut contact save for cordial texts.
but he know how badly i had it and how i didn't even have electricity myself.
they did not take that well.
they don't get along with each other, and sometimes they just need some space apart where they can be separated.
she called me and i told her i thought we needed a cooling off period in case we changed our minds.
i just feel unfulfilled and alone and it has started to take it’s form in a little bit of animosity against my son and i never want that to happen.
"no this, no that etc..." it was kinda like r/choosingbeggars well i think it's perfectly acceptable to have platonic conversations on tinder.
she was in shock and said she didn't know how to feel.
supreme court justice benatar orders army to stop using sex as a weapon
study: 83% of web content unfit for human consumption
frolicking deer actually being driven mad by ticks
museum staff braces for large group wearing same t-shirt
woman pieces together timeline of boyfriend's past relationships like detective tracking zodiac killer
am i the asshole for have asked her to at least try to not skip the weekends that we do skip for the reasons i listed previously?
when i came back, the whole family was watching tv really loud and i felt that that was too much for me, so i turned off the tv.
i wasn't sure if he was joking or not, so i started to go after him.
when i find these people -- usually late at night or in the wee hours of the morning, when there are fewer people -- i find myself sticking closely to them.
my teacher was also very much in agreement with me and enforced this rule when she noticed that people were just opening the curtain and peeking in to talk to the women there who were practicing with me being topless on the bed.
single-parent families get 'a' rating ,from drug kingpin
his next parole hearing was in less than a year but he suffered from lung cancer (smoker) and he also had a hip injury last october which at 70 can lead to complications.
here's where the problem came in.
we then headed to the dance floor.
america not sure it will have enough revulsion and horror left for cabinet, court appointments
at the time i was just in the lobby waiting for my girlfriend's dad to pick her up.
okay let's start this off with there are 4 main people involved in this situation all of which i am friends with and a lecturer.
&#x200b; i realize now that i shouldn't have brought up the pewdiepie/media drama.
chris collins thanks supporters with can't-miss tip on biotech stock
i play a very unique mmorpg, and this mmorpg is very easy to make private servers of.
shark attack claims life of some guy on tv
sorry for the poor formatting and long winded post.
i think that i’m probably an asshole for this, but i just wanted to hear your guys’ opinions.
but then, she tells me that she's feeling really cramped, and needs more leg room.
ashley was pretty much perfect, and i started to like her alot, really fast.
had a big argument over it and after it she posted some stuff online saying 15 and 19 is not a big issue and is legal (n.s.w australia) it is not.
i did, consistently (which admittedly was mostly because i was given better picks for my team).
it was my task to feed them and prepare their meals.
his doctor has told him to lose weight a few times.
hotshot test pilot removes helmet, reveals female status
missing kazakhstani nukes turn up in manhattan
she comes back home when she's hungry.
i have severe depression and he knows and has been my biggest support dealing with it.
wooden fruit hoping to become real fruit one day
milk rushing through jug handle having the time of its life
i asked him if he thought he was owed a blowjob, and he said something to the effect of "no, nothing like that.
occurrences like these are frequent in my life, where i think i'm being fair but somehow it comes back on me like i'm the one at fault.
government report on illiteracy copied straight from encyclopedia
bush calls in national marching band to lift u.s. spirits
aita for ignoring my little sister for years.
violence erupts at trump rally after supporters clash with protesting gop leaders
heroic man rushes into movie theater, saves 4 seats
story of my ex and i's history alright, hey.
the area where she lives isn't rural by any means, but it's not exactly accessible either.
newborn prince of cambridge begins consolidating power by having family imprisoned in tower of london
honestly, i wouldn't have minded if i wasn't as ill as i was.
aging website wondering why no one ever visits it anymore
okay, so back in october a myself and a friend (a) split the price of a drift car.
american airlines, us airways merge to form world's largest inconvenience
on the other hand, my chart does say "bipolar".
when people or other dogs are in his face when he doesn’t want to play he doesn’t know how to show disinterest without getting aggressive.
she told me that she got a complaint that my dog had been going on my neighbor's property.
important decision sent up to company's highest idiot
marvel hints at upcoming death of stan lee
macaulay culkin hoping some 'funny or die' writer comes up with video idea for him
i agreed to let him stay while he found a place, since we live in an area of the country with a terrible rental market.
there is a park nearby and i usually do most of my smoking there, but it is still very close to people's houses.
soccer mom to suck off world's greatest dad
mcdonald's janitor would like to thank everyone who tossed half-full cups of soda into trash
so on 9/11 i sent out a shockingly inappropriate message that was clearly a masochistic joke, esspecially if you knew me.
aita for making fun of a transgender?
aita, i told my son (15) to jump another kid (13).
edit thank you for your answers info: my husband wears his wedding band on my insistence, he never wanted an engagement ring.
he even loaned her $12k+ for remedial mortgage fees.he pretty much knew he never would get it back.
bird of paradise just staring at david attenborough during courtship dance
one of the last things she sent me was the great line of "i love you, i just love me more".
yup, now that i did not measure up i had turned into her full blown emotional tampon.
i see it more as i am creating a child who is aware of the bad foods.
woman only dates on national television now
the next day (friday), i still just wanted to be left alone, which i told my mom again.
sears extremists fly plane into willis tower
going thru social media and “escaping” all the people in the airport.
academy to give runners-up detailed progress reports outlining where stars can improve
i don't want to have any romantic interactions with a woman whose heart is set on being with another woman or just femininity in general.
suburban family invests hopes, dreams in gas grill
this is a throwaway account because i want to be totally honest about this.
“i am concerned that if i have a meeting with my roomates all burden will fall on me”, “i feel that i am being unfairly vilified”, “i felt i had been considerate and cordial in offering a possible solution that would benefit all three roomates.
area man feels even lazier when he thinks about how much isis has accomplished this year
i feel like my husband is overreacting and going overboard with making me feel bad now.
text a little bit that night and over the next couple days.
as soon as the credits started i stormed out and found a member of staff and told them what happened.
do: for what it's worth, this behaviour only escalates.
so she left me to my devices and went for a cig.
texas sheriff cracks down on chicken-on-chicken violence
the night didn't go how i expected it to though" her: "what do you mean?
trump maps out plan for first 100 days of not conceding election
i got way to drunk at a party and her and my best friend got me an uber home.
old my neighbor caught peeping through a keyhole when my mom was changing and another time my driver caught him peeping again when he was 14 yrs.
area man expected to work with these incompetents
relationship experts recommend telling woman you would die for her at outset of first date
aerobics enthusiast believes in crystal light, self
i kinda upset her one time when we were getting intimate because i made a comment about how her butt has changed and how it’s basically not even a pancake at this point–more of a crepe ass if anything.
my girlfriend grew up with verbal abuse and to this day gets judged for going to college (shes the only one in her immediate family to go) and not staying at home living with them.
i argued by saying that b tends to sleep walk so he might’ve unintentionally called 911 or something like that.
i (m34) have a best friend (f33), who’ve i’ve been close with for 14 years.
top of mt. everest pulling away majority of hollywood films with generous tax credit program
family unsure why grandmother's caregiver seems like he actually enjoys spending time with her
some guy who's not stephen colbert to deliver college's commencement speech
my plan was to "rent" it out to someone who was willing to pay for it.
crunch 'n' munch increases crunchiness, munchability
relationships are tricky and i wanted to be able to share things on my own terms, but my partner feels lying is a dealbreaker.
i sort of zoned out, and when the date ended all i could think about is all the money i wasted that day.
area man stops self after eating 3 advent calendars
new montana tourism campaign marketed toward urban bison
for the man, 7/18 of the time, 2/9 toilet visits would require him to put the seat down.
next monday, **he brings the letter out and reads it to he whole freaking class** mfw holycrapnononono.
vegetarian begins sad, private routine of scanning menu for little green v's
(b) we don't want that child growing up with the toxicity of their parents.
&#x200b; i went home later, but my friend was too drunk and stayed the night.
we only actually had sex a few times and we stop whenever i finish.
43-year-old with skateboard not fooling anyone
girlfriend, girlfriend's brother look way too much alike
in reality, you feel very strange around your friends when you're growing up, and your family photos when you're a child make you look like a monster with a childs face and a mans body.
the vote was determined by reacting on the message with emojis.
me and my girlfriend live together.
my 20 lbs shiba’s mess looked like nothing there.
he works full time doing manual labor, and does piecework on the weekends if he's able to.
she thinks that we should just keep reminding them to be quiet, since that does make the noise stop for a week or so.
after this i did not speak to g until 7 months later well into our senior year of high school.
man who saw 'star wars: the force awakens' 6 times over holidays thought it was pretty good
let alone weed wich is illegal in this state.
but lately they've been having a hard time and been fighting.
am i the asshole for being aggressive with this kid and insinuating he's being shady instead of being more gentle with it?
parents officially designate upstairs television for anyone who doesn't want to watch thanksgiving football
dad reaches age where it's no longer enjoyable to make fun of how old he is
now he said the dishes could be communal and because of this i would occasionally borrow a plate for when i would reheat food, or a fork, or a cup.
&#x200b; summer came, and i started to feel really miserable, isolated for no reason etc.
we test-drove on friday, we would have the check and be ready to sign wednesday.
she told me she was still in love with her ex and didn’t want a relationship, but she ends up drunkenly entering a relationship with another bumble guy that confesses love to her.
new gop plan offers tax breaks on all contributions tucked into congressmen's suit breast pocket
it wasn't for a special occasion, but he asked nonetheless.
i ended up with mostly high a's.
but i got really pissed because he talked to that girl the entire summer, and she replaced me as his #1 best friend on snapchat (i went to visit family in a different time zone for almost the entire summer so we didn't talk as much as usual).
after a month of ignoring me she breaks up with me.
my dad noticed this and told me to leave them outside and i argued with him that no one will take these since they’re outside and most of the guests had left.
personal life a total waste of time
wife has cooled down some, but i can't decide whether or not i'm the asshole.
anyway, this fall we started really talking again, and it ended up with us almost sleeping together, and me backing out last minute and rejecting her.
i strongly voiced my dissatisfaction—he said it was her doing, and that he would talk to her about it.
after this incident, i mostly stopped talking to her, and didn’t continue hanging out with her until the whole thing fizzled out.
we chatted for a little while (maybe 20-30 minutes), and then i headed home (a 40 minute drive).
baltimore pigeons shocked to find beloved shitting statues gone
my roommate is a night owl however.
cable ace award thrown out in apartment move
undercurrent of inequality and fear roiling just beneath surface of '50s-themed diner
three of man's closest relationships with brands
tree outside window upset man just changed channel
i hit my head a bit when i do this depending on where we're playing around- he doesn't like it when i hit my head at all ever, it freaks him out cause he used to get head injuries when he was young.
terrifying man selling dead trees out of middle school parking lot
hellmann's heir's conduct unbefitting a mayonnaise magnate
so i can't help thinking i shouldn't feel this way.
i'm the asshole, and the comments, both in my favor and against me, have convinced me that i was being selfish.
i don't think i'd ever just throw them out but i am surprised at the consensus!
she was pissed and called me an ass.
then, mid-december, cousin and boyfriend left again.
we both yell at eachother one last time and i eventually just let him go because i didn’t want to waste my time any more.
for context, her dad is not a good person.
basically, we were having a road trip.
told my boyfriend afterwards that we hooked up and he got really upset and it turns out apparently he really hates this guy.
just knowing she'll be back in a few months made me feel great.
bush calls incumbency key issue of campaign
man taking unemployment as opportunity to think about how he really wants out of life
she can kick rocks me: she thinks we were telling how she shoulf live and exerting our will over her and getting pissed when she bites back.
jeb bush warns rnc attendees of bad cialis going around parking lot
i ended up going on a few dates with mike.
my friend forgave me but made me promise i’d stay away from his ex until he finished school and was in a more stable state of mental health.
soldier excited to take over father's old afghanistan patrol route
one beer can't do local alcoholic any harm
i'm not sure how to start these things, so i'll start from the beginning.
what can i do if i am?
hbo announces 'game of thrones' not coming back this weekend
pawn-shop customer plans to buy toaster back
as soon as my girlfriend told me this, i felt very angry.
this would happen everyday in school, and it got to the point where i didn’t want to go to school because of her and everyone would laugh at me because her jokes were funny.
after 10 minutes of this ridicule, i pulled out my phone and blocked g and k on all social media platforms and i abruptly left the table.
we have a very loving and understanding relationship.
i got a bit fed up and grabbed his hand, and i said please stop.
we're going on a two week vacation in april.
i’m sorry to break it to her but i don’t plan on marrying her and having babies with her depressing ass.
area man totally blows his chance to see 'exodus: gods and kings' in theaters
i ended up not being able to find gainful employment, working odd jobs and bad hours for some time.
the same reason i don't watch the news andso forth, it's artificial.
my boyfriend immediately goes into this rapid fire interrogation and my jaw just dropped.
after that, she told me (because of her dating this guy) she doesn't really want to play with me or hang out with me anymore.
i was able to get over this once we both entered the venue and we're able to enjoy some of the music being played.
we're moving closer to my college and i had to clean out the garage.
well last night me, my new girlfriend and few of my teammates are hanging out and my teammates start ragging on me about it.
dog keeps iceland awake all night
gun goes off during life's third act
me and the friend who ordered the same meal as i did got lucky, the other friend didn't.
asian guy has separate group of just asian friends
i knew they had gone out and kind of guessed what happened and thought i was fine with it...
oh well, i can go back to working for my old boss, whatever.
man's relationship advice same as his hunting tips
i couldn't budge them on it, and although i wasn't satisfied with their reasoning, i was outvoted.
our friendship is not your priority.
frustrated man forced to agree with dumbass political cartoon of statue of liberty hugging immigrants
aside from that i’m already going to have to deal with my mother’s hurt feelings over this since i don’t see my parents all that often anymore.
tearful gun manufacturers thankful they all made it out of massacre safely
aita for lying to my friends?
this went on for some time but it didn't really became a friction point until a few weeks ago.
she was pretty freaked and was going to call the cops until i told her it was me.
clairvoyant vince vaughn accepts movie role before it's offered
his brother "actually doesnt really like that game" and our roommate "is going to immediately reacquire all his op gear no matter what." i couldnt help it.
driving her to the supermarket and getting some stuff when i come from work.
lo and behold, they're a bunch of ugly cunts with even uglier personalities, no sooner i walk over, they start saying things like 'oh yeah he has to be with her' and calling her a slut and saying she's unfaithful, pretty sure they said i was rapey and a paedophile as well as a f*****.
last night, she came home more than an hour late with no call whatsoever.
millions of plants sent from nation's garden departments to their deaths
santorum nostalgic for time when beliefs were outlandish enough to make headlines
failure to get into private college to be most financially responsible act of 17-year-old's life
most of the people i see posting this stuff comes from the same people who chastised me for not going to college.
report: it okay to spend rest of day curled in fetal position under desk
even though he has a computer than can run all the games he plays and he doesn't own any ps4 games.
or am i just playing into an asshole system?
am i the asshole, if i steal someone else's umbrella after mine was stolen?
trump pours himself glass of chocolate syrup on rocks to unwind after stressful day
i had the day off so i didn't mind waiting but when i looked at the clock and it was 9:20 am i got irritated.
my boyfriend does literally all the leg work and, trust me when i say this, living in the home with the other two family members is a favor.
23andme forensic kit informs customer what crimes he's committed
which, was sad because the dog was actuallly pretty friendly.
he’s a bit of an alcoholic because of the fights he got into with our controlling parents growing up and i wouldn’t call him a deadbeat because he’s a very skilled manager at a retail store and did graduate college buuut all his free time is spent partying and abusing drugs as he tries to support his friends’ rap career (he’s apart of their group and frankly they suck.
man recalls simpler time when he only masturbated to still images on internet
happened on a certain social media service this week...friend posts a meme related to racism that implies only white people can be racist, and that people of color can only be prejudiced.
again, in our state this is his responsibility.
i went to the fridge to get some coffee i made the day before and as i'm pouring it my brother walks in to get a glass of lemon aid and starts pouring it in the fridge so i tell him to stop.
she is always talking about her troubled past.
aita for not tipping a poor pregnant waitress?
ünited stätes toughens image with umlauts
"i'm sorry you must just have no metabolic rate"??
the guy looked really creepy and nervous the whole time like he kept turning his head around and looking at people.
the first time he complained, he didn't even bother to introduce himself and talked directly to my perplexed mother (joint owner of the building) to complain about me.
i do think that i was justified in thinking that she hadn't been treating me the way she should.
at this point, i'm assuming she's talking about.....work, like her job.
so when my brother said "isn't he the cutest?" i involuntarily responded with "no" a bit too loud.
inside: america rates the skin colors
simple task of going to post office feels like weight of 10,000 boulders
25-pound ham wedged in parents' refrigerator
world's cartographers continue living secret life of luxury on idyllic, never disclosed 8th continent
i feel like she’s just being really difficult and i can’t find anyone else who needs a room.
my ex called me very upset that he couldn't contact the 11 year old on his phone, i explained that he doesn't have his phone because he doesn't have a case.
i want to go as my indian friend for halloween, he thinks that it's a great idea but i keep getting told that it's mildly racist.
tear gas manufacturers worried about association with everything tear gas used for
aita for not giving my broke girlfriend $2 for a tamale?
gary cohn resigns in protest of trump's bigoted comments towards aluminum
in his defence i've heard very little noise from him otherwise.
i've since learned that he basically did not have the authority to make that promise.
i did as long as that part of you is kept to yourself.
keep in mind, everyone knew about the uncles history.
botanist holding up entire salad bar
first kid to wake up at slumber party gets exclusive look at friend's mom's morning routine
real life magic school bus flies through human body
i was thinking some volunteer work would be a good way to pass the time.
i send a message, saying 'hey babe?
jason momoa clearly came to oscars straight from work
the sorta 'why the fuck wont she tell me what i did' sorta shit.
i have a friend who is an exec, and i have another friend who's a fellow volunteer.
on weekends is the only time i get sleep really.
more or less, i don't want to reward her for low grades.
aita for being disgusted at smoking and obesity after losing family members to both of them?
she said that she doesn't know what he thinks about it and that she doesn't want hurt him, but she doesn't want that her relationship limits her life either.
john kelly relieved trump so fucking stupid he'll believe woodward made up disparaging quotes
sean spicer announces there only enough time left in career for couple more questions
study finds mediterranean diet adds years to your life, but only by taking them away from others
if the stairs are too much she could literally take the ramp.
i care very much about my company and i dont let anything slide.
90 percent of americans now wearing laminated id badges
nasa inadvertently launches unmanned space shuttle
so, am i the asshole for trying to spend a bunch of money in change?
she said she was traumatized from the bed bugs and the mattress has bugs on it.
i screenshotted it fast and saved it on my computer.
this whole jealousy thing continued into what i described to be "clingy".
so i lied and said i was on the spectrum of autism and that i would still like to be friends.
meg white drum solo maintains steady beat for 23 minutes
she doesn’t provide food, only bread because that’s the easiest.
east st. louis rated 'number one city in america' by poverty magazine
when my mom and dad got home i knew something was wrong and when i asked them what it was they started about my grades.
i didn't want to give him a bad taste of a beautiful sub by immediately getting him banned, so i simply told him to delete his post.
your high school boyfriend still smoking cigarettes in the field behind school
trump: 'it's my honor to deliver the first-ever state of the union'
we hit it off right away, and one thing led to the next and we ended up sexting.
tom clancy treated like he's some kind of terrorism expert
newsweek editors argue over what to make readers fear next
nation celebrates awkward 'take your illegitimate daughter to work' day
ive mentioned it to her, and she has even met one of the girls, though she seemed to hate the other girl.
sharon stone to star in major backstage drama
after mum passed away, it was hard.
child's last steps captured on video
the last 2-3 days there was some banging on the wall but whenever i asked if anyone was there i got no response, which my half awake ass lead me to believe that he developed some sleep disorder where when he moves he hits stuff (my brother does this so i thought this may be it).
i'm happy for him, really, but neither dh or i care much for b.
apparently this was the wrong answer.
mom really gunning to befriend babysitter during weekly 3-minute interactions
am i an asshole for thinking she is a slut?
aita my college phone number was one digit off of the local best buy's number at california baptist university in riverside, ca i lived in the on campus apartments.
these include many things like certifications and classes, travel, hobbies.
he was hurt that you, someone he considers his best friend, couldn't come and neglected to let him know, but lots of others managed to make it.
today i got into it with my brother after he told me no, i got upset with him because what we were discussing was irritating to me.
so after a while of censoring myself from calling people retards, i went through probably a 100 different ways of calling people retards in an effort to not offend someone.
i then made a point of not bothering her to ask her out.
i had to walk to the nurse and tell her that i might be having a slight allergic reaction.
i feel like an asshole for feeling this way.
mom could have used few more days to self before missing daughter returned
i called cps on him because i’m truly afraid he might be abusing and/or molesting his daughter because of how creepy, reserved and protective he is.
aita for thinking that’s a bit harsh?
he responded that what i had done was wrong but was understandable, but i still felt awful about myself.
9-foot-tall bernie sanders greets supporters after session with posture coach
amy heard about it but she wasn't mad because she knew the fact that they were dating hadn't gotten to me yet.
aita for having an affair and not feeling bad about it?
ass.) **me**: i wanted to thank you for telling \[bf\] happy birthday.
my boyfriend (25m) and i (24f) got into a disagreement about whether a specific behavior is inconsiderate.
before i start, here's a quick apology for my somewhat poor english.
trump spends entire classified national security briefing asking about ​egyptian ​mummies
plans were set, and we were ready to leave.
sorry it's a little long (added tl;dr ).
he told me about his violent past and, most importantly, his felony kidnapping charge.
the cousin is constantly trying to force my dog to sit or lay down, they also are really rough when they’re “playing”, they pick my dog up constantly, and when my dog is trying to sleep the cousin is in his face and just all over him.
my sons are financially set for life my parents did nothing for me and i luckily "made it" in in life but my brother didn't he succumbed to drugs and overdosed at 25.
my maternal grandpa was morbidly obese, and my paternal grandpa was a heavy smoker (we'll call them mg and pg).
gated community under siege by savages
the next morning, when i almost overslept, i gave him the guilt.
despite this, i felt she was distant and the atmosphere i had previously felt during our encouters had vanished.
bush to olympians: 'bring back lots of valuable gold'
trump delivers touching tribute to fallen heroes of wwe
like, clearly flirting and showing interest.
important piece of paper tragically smudged with breadstick grease
basically i just need to know if i’m the asshole for sending food i don’t like but was technically prepared right back and expecting not to be charged for said dish.
he got out of a relationship a bit before and wasn't ready for a new one yet and i am too busy with work and school to focus on a relationship, so we decided to not take it any further.
sick fucks line up to gape at dead body
i should mention it was the end of another mod where she didn't study (went on a trip to her home country, mexico, and disneyland for a vacation every weekend, but didn't study) and so she was stressed about her grade because she only had 1 mod left.
aita for not being sad that my little brother is dead, and not wanting to travel across the country to go to his funeral.
also i didn't sleep with this guy knowing how much my bf hates him.
spacex reveals all 400 dogs on falcon rocket failed to survive trip
everyone had plenty to drink because of the keg.
charles krauthammer has ashes spread over prosperous, liberated iraq
rapidly swelling man may contain traces of peanuts
woman starting to worry she just has type of face where makeup looks insane
so in a household with one man and one woman - assuming the man does not put the toilet seat down after urinating, at any moment the toilet seat has 7/18 chance of being up.
uber driver wants you to know that lots of mexicans live in this neighborhood
we decided that we are going to use the money to see the world and live in exotic places while trying to get our dream careers going (me: writer, she: clothing designer).
university quickly slaps together rinky-dink ceremony for anyone graduating in december
i was acting childish and bratty about the thank you.
increasingly cocky bernie sanders announces he won't take donations over 27 cents
she said i was asking her to compromise on something vitally important to her mental health, and i was being an asshole.
aita for yelling at my neighbors?
if you don't like someone, i dont like them.
i don't wanna go alone because i wanna....
i generally know what i like, but yes i like to try new things, i have a pretty solid stomach so if it’s just mediocre i’ll still eat it and just remember not to order it again.
i park kind of far away from the school, and there have been several known thefts so i didn't want them to get robbed.
“man, stop asking chicks about their labia and shit.
we started talking, meet up a few times and decided to try again.
i tried to explain that this suits my needs as it is fast and can help me out for heavy duty stuff (video editing etc).
closing of state aviary facilities puts hundreds of mentally ill birds on the streets
but i was nervous about taking it back but i told the manager anyway.
moderator explains that gop will have 2 minutes after every trump response to distance selves from candidate
i had to drive 30 miles to get home, you all are saying i should fix it but it was literally impossible.
they focus on stability at all costs even if it means sacrificing their happiness.
we showed up to the spa and were sent to separate rooms for male/female.
i'm very soft spoken and in fact, most people ask me to repeat myself in conversation.
afterbirthers demand to see obama's placenta
even \[friend 1 abf has issues with\] and \[friend 2 abf doesn't like\], who he hasn't seen in years.
past the light we enter our destination located to our right seperating right turn lane with a v shaped barrier.
the list could honestly go on forever.
promptly afterwards, the entire dev team went on a holiday vacation.
he now refuses to speak to me.
saddam enrages bush with full compliance
the cuteness gets to me, it makes me cry.
i know it's petty and can cause some road rage on the other person's end, but i don't even think they deserve to be on the road let alone have me move out of my way for them.
yesterday, we found out that for yet another month, we were unsuccessful.
once we find one, i have to head back to the bar to get drinks as there is no table service.
it is completely true that i’ve never said “we will never be more than friends.” however, he is aware that i know he has a crush of me, he is also aware that i’m not interested, the existence of his crush and the lack of reciprocation from me is known throughout our entire collection of friends.
she plans to get it along with her best friend who have apparently said this every time they take a shot.
it all happened so fast too.
also thanks for commenting it gives me more than 1 perspective about the siduation!
but they're new players who don't know you super well.
i even posted some depressing stuff and told her i just didn’t want her to feel responsible if i made another attempt.
for example, a load of students were making a real racket and i decided to ask him if he could tell them to quiet down.
i told my mother that i felt like i was being told that my way to grieve was wrong, but maybe i'm being selfish.
ben carson's message undercut by eyes drifting in different directions
i am a mid level executive at a firm with multiple other positions each like my own, each trying to get ahead and eventually get promoted.
then her friends started texting me asking why i blocked her and i blocked them too.
edit* not trying to justify it anymore than i laid out in the post, but for everyone talking about the fact i could have kept it before it would have gone until eviction, you are probably right.
so i decide that in the 8 or so hours i have, i'm gonna bust my ass and make a game on the spot.
i just figured you’d be up anyways because you don’t ever go to bed that early.” “ok.
out of all the times i’ve eaten out i’ve sent food back 3 times that i can remember.
if you've made it this far, thanks for hanging in there.
'game of thrones' fans now just hoping george r.r. martin dies soon so estate can release whatever he's already written
in my defence: * i did not lose the passport on purpose.
tornado creeped out by man who keeps following it in truck and filming it
aita - an educated guess or just racial profiling this happened over a year ago while i was driving with an ex-girlfriend.
i text bill and ask for an explanation, bill says i'm a shitty person, i should've just let it go, and i should've never talked shit about them behind their backs.
okay, now for the situation at hand.
she then told me she could retrain me which brought up some of our bad past.
local homemaker fights to overcome rubbermaid addiction
so, i asked which dog it was, she said it was my pitbull and that he was going over next door every day for the past 2 weeks.
it would be totally understandable if he used it for himself.
as much as i really wish it was, i swear to fucking god this isn’t a shitpost.
i brought up the idea of weight training glutes to her and offered to pay for her gym membership and protein supplements.
the first was a florist visit last month so she could decide on the kind of flowers she wanted for the wedding.
'you know, i directed it too,' bradley cooper says out loud again to no one in particular
hello, please be gentle, i'm struggling.
i drove my older brother, my eldest brother, my older brother’s girlfriend, and my best friend back home for thanksgiving.
this hurt me and my wife deeply and i’ll admit, i yelled at her until she couldn’t talk anymore since she was crying.
or like a real trip where we leave the country.
people in commercial having more fun with camera than humanly possible
everybody just got out of the mood for a movie and we all went home.
alex jones returns to humble roots of screaming conspiracy theories through megaphone at people in park
no one else in my family knows this except my dad and myself.
i am a serial dater that has been either in a relationship or on dating apps like tinder and okc for pretty much my entire (if brief) adult life.
notre dame gargoyle going to stay as still as possible until arson investigator gone
try getting off your phone and interact with her!
serta wholesaler lets customers cut their own length of mattress
royal couple to spend $36.21 queen elizabeth had left over from 2010 u.s. visit
a couple weeks ago i was hanging out with my friends and mentioned that the pharmacy fucked up my meds again and that i was genuinely worried about how i was going to handle myself until i got them back.
last week i saw another facebook post of her and everyone she asked to be in her wedding party.
my wives sisters agreed to move on and carry on with him, now my wife feels a bit alone in her disgust.
tl;dr kid is loud and obnoxious at the movies, i confront the (probably exhausted dad) and tell him to get out.
she makes sure i have meals, and a clean house to live in, but god damn she is so hypocritical.
my sister-in-law is getting married soon, and my husband and i were super excited to go to the wedding until we received the invitation.
open-minded music lover likes all kinds of metal
so i said "yeah i had the second pound.
ford develops new suv that runs purely on gasoline
coed rec softball team having trouble finding enough hyper-competitive men to ruin experience
i know my girlfriend tried to deal with max, but he proved to be too difficult for her to manage.
also having to pick up both kids after school.
aita for telling my father that he embarrasses me in front of the people at my school?
i told them an accident happened and there may be injuries, and gave my approximate location.
i said this at the time and it caused something of an argument, with her saying i'm being selfish and me saying that it's more so to simply expect that i'm going to do something without asking.
family not appreciably enriched by trip to mount rushmore
but i’m applying to grad school.
she was very excited and seemed to enjoy herself, and i apologized for being stupid.
i would have no goal having this conversation.
worse, my wife is sending extremely graphic texts and pictures back.
rush limbaugh tucks shirt back in following animated flat tax rant
bengal tigers' habitat down to studio apartment in jaipur, india
i was behind on my studies and in the beginning of january i had to take two tests.
i am thinking about going upstairs and asking them politely to shut the fuck up.
wibta if i had sex with her and then ghosted?
warren buffett tells colleagues about exciting investment opportunity he recently discovered selling mary kay beauty products
aita for getting upset when my boyfriend inadvertently ignores me?
the other guy was ticketed for running a stop sign, was found at fault for the accident and her insurance company is actively seeking his company to pay for the entire accident which i assume will mean his premiums will skyrocket.
years ago, i said that the age when they could date was 16.
aita for cancelling a surprise christmas gift my wife ordered?
so i started to use my windshield wiper fluid to splash them with water.
couple nervous to admit they met online in comments section of 'how to iron shirt' video
fraternity brothers make note not to kill pledge whose family has lake house
he thanked me for the feedback and she also looked very happy at the compliment and thanked me.
through savings and my job i can pay to rent a room and i can pay for a phone and car insurance.
later this night, i was once again doing the same thing, where i was looking through streams and hopped into the most viewed again.
i am not the emotionally abusive husband, nor did i ever lay hands on her.
buckle up kids, this is a rollercoaster.
&#x200b; &#x200b; edit 2: thank you.
area molestation victim wants his bear
i noticed a girl who seemed interested in me and i started talking to her for a while.
man wearing cobra command shirt missed the whole point of 'g.i. joe'
i did not commit to potentially 17 years of the cat peeing on every cloth in the house.
i'm just not so sure that people working in areas of public influence/responsibility should get that same pass.
wealthiest americans ominously remind nation they could easily drop another $10 billion on election
aita for not wanting to have dinner with my gf's ex?
she did not take this well.
i have cleaned the toilets for our bathrooms, cleaned mold, dusted, and worked with plenty of other biohazards myself.
ever since our daughter was born, i’ve felt so trapped indoors and have had little time to even go out to see friends or eat lunch in town, which i used to do semi frequently when i worked part time myself.
sessions drops pile of weapons in prison yard before ordering inmates to reduce overcrowding by 30%
ex-girlfriend's last electric-bill check remains uncashed in area man's wallet
man keeps having same experience where he shows up to work naked
in the past she and i had very minimal interaction and i knew she had advocated against me due to my drug use.
aita for not wanting to give up my life just so my wife can go back to work?
johnny depp now physically unable to walk unless whimsically teeter-tottering across rolling log, wobbly plank, or swaying beam
i cut him short a dollar when i had to pay him a few times because he doesn’t always pay attention.
but i haven't yet, and can't seem to bring myself to.
you guys have helped me further realize that i am the asshole, even more than an asshole.
naked, dripping wet tom brady thrilled by judge's decision to overturn suspension, imagines judge
punching walls isn't my thing when angry (because it hurts).
middle-aged man in gym locker room puts shirt on before underwear
we had had several great dates and i was getting close to asking her to be my girlfriend.
sudanese youths go wild for great taste of any food whatsoever
i call him crazy a lot too, and i even taunted him a few times by singing when he's trying to lecture me about how i need to change or how he demands my father's phone number to lecture my father.
congress raises livestock minimum wage to $6.50 per hour
sun thought pasty fuck learned his lesson last summer
christian theme park features world's largest spanking machine
aita for asking my girlfriend to have a sexual relationship?
then the teacher asked who punch first the lil demon said i punched first it was true, but i did it becuase he was trying to steal my stuff.
also, ex-wife goes through a lot men and they always wind up living with her for a while.
wanted to help, so i sent l an email for advice about a possible room switch to help b with their noise sensitivity.
i have another roomate but he hasn't said anything about my noise and talks to me fairly often.
i asked for some sort of credit for the meme he agreed and posted it on their instagram story which has now caused me to get a lot of hate in to my instagram dms.
i told him we won't come if we're not allowed to bring our dog, but we respect their wish for their home to be dog free.
i found out that my now ex cheated on me back in early 2018.
she has \~2500 friends on facebook and i went through and removed only those that post the most "instagram-influencer" quality vacations photos.
luckily it’s not as crowded as normal so i get a seat and an empty seat next to me.
we have also been a friend for basically the past 4 years.
full disclosure: i'm away for work \~30 days out of the year, so i do this to her sometimes, but 1) that's a full month less than she's gone; 2) i've significantly cut down on discretionary social travel since our son was born; and 3) again, despite how much i adore our son, we had a child specifically to make her happy, and specifically at the expense of a life i was completely happy with.
there is a girl i really started to like.
today i was sitting in class when i saw the guy who has bullied me for the past 2 years type his passcode in.
mitch mcconnell reminds senators that they'll have to make up government shutdown days at end of year
expectant mother ashamed to realize she's looking forward to new wheat thins flavor more than birth of own child
coincidentally sally also likes this artist that we're going to see and had already bought a balcony ticket, but the four of us had bought floor tickets.
aita for not wanting to have another member of the family, who isn't a blood relative, to have the same name as me?
i know people change in life, especially at such a young age, and am fully aware she will still develop a lot, but at this current moment, she is not a good looking person.
would i be an asshole to send the same message to, say, their instagram?
ohio state puts urban meyer on paid secret coaching leave
i wet my finger and proceeded to write wash me on the passenger side door.
area man relieved friend's short story sucks
dave has had a side girl for months.
then the husband came up and grabbed her by her arm.
i have done that a few times in my career and it always seems to work.
i felt like a complete dick so i started being super nice to her when she got back.
underworld health organization launches initiative to improve incubus immortality rate
later a whole armada of police come to the house she has her unit commander, a family advocate, a fleet of police.
good thing i had a backup.
report: average american loses $5,000 each year from splitting check
i think that's stupid and i'm not carrying a frantic, fat black widow outside.
i just couldn’t get past it for some reason.
he can sometimes act properly but he's more of a nuisance than anything else.
i'll make it short : the prof asked how was that workload distrubuted before i could say anything, my partner said : " he did more than me " i felt that was misleading, so i corrected him, and said the plain truth : " he only did this, but it was not up to my standard, and i have evaluated that starting over would take less time and effort than improving his work.
face of jesus seen on miracle hippie
but, she expects me to go to the meetings, and arrange the details for him/her.
liquor commercial featuring dance party on pirate ship also includes important message about responsibility
she calls me selfish and shouts at me and i was kind of angry at her for expecting me to participate in something i don’t want to do just because it’s “technically my heritage”.
dog a pervert in ways owner will never know
we came pretty close and after midnight, we started making out.
it wasn't hard enough to leave a mark or sound or even hurt really, but it was hard enough to move my head to the side and i was really stunned.
aita for thinking i was going to hook up with someone on grindr and not just cuddle?
missing girl's family really hates to part with reward
we broke up officially two weeks after this, but again i didn’t mention the kiss.
thanks guys, it does actually mean a lot edit 4: she woke up and is feeling a lot better, no longer has a fever and does not feel sick.
when i told him that, he got super upset.
a close family member of mine is also severely autistic, and i am accustomed to interacting with her.
report: 80% of women currently wearing wrong size bra, shirt, shoes, pants, hat
sorry for the long post, it’s my first time posting here, and i’m not much a of a writer, so i don’t know what is necessary information or not, but aita?
but they kept ringing, and ringing non-stop, so i shuffled to the door at last, and opened it.
prospective student had most fun getting drunk at arizona state
so im rushing through my frat house cause im late for something, i hurry to exit through our back door which is a big white door and isnt see through so idk whose on the other side of the door.
ivanna ghosted ruslana several times as well as never really showing any commitment to their relationship, i believe spread rumors about ruslana and talked shit behind her back, unfollowed her on ig and didn't invite ruslana to her birthday party.
three dozen confirmed *@@## in power plant *@@##
'i can't do this again,' shaking, sweating donald trump says after nervously vomiting before rally
new years eve, i fell asleep and woke up with my friends iphone in my hand, covered in my vomit.
every once in a while, sam'll call jc over to talk about something and they won't let me listen in -- this is because he was always talking about me.
hillary clinton mouthing along to presidential oath
breaking: cousin mark coming after all
she has since stormed into the room, thrown papers relating to how my school handles absences (she had a direct influence on the current rules due to a situation from a year ago) while i tried to respond that i never said she did everything for her, she stormed back out of the room sobbing again.
i'm sure good 'ole patrick's vet clinic will fix whatever ales her for $50 tomorrow.
she just lost her other beloved dog a couple months ago, and is prone to depressive episodes.
buying everything hairstylist recommends would cost $8,000
after three times i tell the mongloid to move his ass to the bathroom becuase i don't want more potential damage from his puke.
report: u.s. children lead world in hand-mouth coordination
i just thought that i would atleast get a bit of a discount because i am paying 6x the amount that i could've spend, im happy to pay 110 for it which is still way more than i should be spending for this stuff.
so i met this girl, call her alli, through a mutual friend about 2 months ago.
he flexes his new truck, his new apartment, and that he bought his girlfriend a car.
fast food customers less appealing than in commercial
report: it would be a real shame if something were to happen to you
ok so one night i couldn't sleep so i was just watching random shit on youtube, i have a couple friends on snapchat and but one girl is what this story is about, so let's call her r.
this happened awhile ago, but i was only recently made aware of the fallout of this interaction.
essentially the problem here is as soon as we even brought up him paying more for utilities we would be able to shut off because nobody would’ve been there, he became so irrationally angry we couldn’t even discuss it with him.
12-year-old who got her hair curled for spring dance the very image of old hollywood glamour
internet collapses under sheer weight of baby pictures
if i’m being completely honest, i really don’t like b.
it's not easy nor possible to do it in her house, she doesn't even have the keys for her house.
i think it’s unfair that pb pays my allowance instead of pa, since i’m not doing the chores for pb, but every time i mention this (once in a small while) i am told that it’s none of my buisiness and that i “need to shut up about it” or something of the sort.
they both said they never even thought about another guy.
the other two roommates were planning to be out of town that week, so the party was no problem for them.
my boyfriend and i have been dating for 5 years and he hasn’t met my parents yet because of my own personal issues with them.
aita for having sex with a girl that cheats on her boyfriend their relationship started because he kissed her and called her "his girlfriend", a day later his father died and she's still with him after 1 1/2 years because she just couldn't get it over her heart to finish the relationship and she had no other boys to care about so she just suck with it.
siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
i feel bad about it but i still don't understand why this is a big deal.
dolby theatre usher throws out matt damon for attempting to film oscars with camcorder
rescued baby bird wearing out welcome
he didn't end up reporting me although it seemed like he might, but he was so upset i'm really not sure if i was in the wrong.
to which i replied “yeah, but then your husband passes away first and suddenly you’re on top of his funeral pyre.” she asked what i meant by that and i awkwardly had to explain a joke that in hindsight is in bad taste.
i saw that there were no cars in the oncoming lane and although there was a curve ahead there was plenty of space between the two cars i was trying to pass so i figured i could pass one, get past the curve, then pass the other.
i was busy with a group of children in another area.
i (41f) am married to a (38m) military service member that is deployed to an overseas location where he operates with a team on male and female military and contract personnel.
she looks like a spitting image of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ etc.
i had to get in, back up to lower the ramp.
if he hadn’t disclosed that stuff about his sexuality, i have no doubt we’d still be together.
so some relevant background info; my parents moved to the country i live in (uk) from malaysia (they are chinese-malay) before i was born.
edit 2: yes my parents did agree with this.
put together a document with the info i need that i later upload on my phone.
he's spent a few nights at my apartment and whatever.
epa warns americans not to breathe
bank of america introduces new $50 underdraft fee
report: nation spends $50 billion annually to get kids excited about things
i begged her, but she didn't.
i even offered to book a last-minute trip somewhere closer where i could go with my id card.
eric trump leaves plate of seared foie gras outside bedroom door of despondent donald trump jr.
report: % of americans suffer from synesthesia
area gym class prepares for mandatory exposure of penises to peers
'it's like biggie and tupac all over again,' says dumbass of korean conflict
a little backstory, when i was ~14 years old, (21 now) my parents split up between thanksgiving and christmas, and it really messed with my head.
my ex then went into a tirade that whoever bought such a shitty case was an idiot and the case was obviously shitty and how the purchaser should have done better research on cases and purchase better products.
getting a little annoyed this time, i tried to empathize with the man.
texas to execute death row inmates with new 3-drug molotov cocktail
backstreet boys become backstreet men in backstreet ritual
same night my friend asked me to if i would go to pa with him (we live in long island ny) to check out a motorcycle and help him buy/load/strap etc....since i had no plans with wife and she is not really sick anymore for me to stay home and take care of her since she has energy to get to nails, i said ok to my friend and we left 8 am came back 3 pm saturday.
after contacting people, i had around 5 people showing up with another 6 as a maybe.
international men’s day comes along and the teacher does nothing about it, we just have a normal lesson studying a book, so with 5 mins till end of lesson i make a big deal of it.
i travel for work a lot so we’re often away from each other.
now i'm not sure what the plan is because victoria is now engaged, ella is probably still against big trips for stagettes, and victoria is wanting a us city or something more doable i think.
historical archives: by many on-lookers and passers-bye, seen to depart out mortal vale in a boothe
study: retired dads busier than ever
should i say something or am i overreacting?
grotesque, misshapen mass of raisins slowly forming inside bag of trail mix
aita for telling my friend’s mom that she is the main source of why he cannot have sustainable relationships, and therefore his depression?
i said yes, but only if he gets there fast, as parking lot is bad at end of day.
i also feel i might have exaggerated when i said blowing up her phone.
college accepts safety student just in case top choices don't work out
**i held my ground and he held his; he was tailgating way too aggressively so i gave a little break check.** the suv backed off suddenly and seemed to get the message at first.
honestly this is kind of an issue between us at the moment because i get so stressed and down (ironically) about not having a job but we end up talking around and around in circles about it.
so i briefly stop talking because i find it hard to concentrate when other people are talking, and carry on, only for boyfriend and sam to continue talking about the board game.
faint hope granted by word 'presumptive' cruelly snatched from american people
i just leave so they don't have to deal with me...
like think they are the most amazing thing.
i almost feel like he’s having an affair, as stupid as that may sound.
nation's tracy chapman fan 'can't wait' for lilith fair
do you think i'm a fucking idiot"!?
about 5 minutes later in class, she walked out and called for me to come out as well.
killer swears girl was in two pieces when he left her
after the weekend was over i got my phone back and told my boyfriend everything, and now he doesn't want me to go back there.
aita for squishing spiders when i see them?
family fears grandmother aware of her surroundings
while i understand his fears i still feel like this current situation is unsustainable.
the foremost reason keeping me from initiating this conversation is that i feel really fucking bad for his new girlfriend.
we basically went a few months with no contact, until she contacted me, saying she was a few months pregnant and needed my support.
i told her that she and him were reminding me of my father, and that i was hurt she didn't even understand how i felt even thought she should have because she's abused, too.
they also insisted that she genuinely enjoyed spending time with me.
area man so sick of having to explain family members' political views to them
so as i mentioned before, christmas is coming.
she told me that the ceo had come in and noticed a chair missing and that many families used the chair.
well i being the shy guy i am never told her how i felt, other than slyly telling her she was cute...
latest jihad has something for everyone
seeing that she has four children and no husband and he has zero in addition to a successful business i felt this was more than fair.
aita for this restaurant manager exchange?
we also have pets that need to be taken care of, and boarding them cost a good few hundred dollars last time we all visited.
all of them keep throwing sneak disses my way and giving snarky remarks like, 'don't take too many of your pills this time.', 'is it okay for you to drive or are you gonna attempt to murder us again.' (all of this was today).
tonight both my roommate (a) and my friend (b) left our apartment for two hours so that i could have some privacy while a friend is over.
bible only work of fiction in family's home
cop confident he'll be exonerated by clear video evidence of him shooting defenseless black man
call it an adult tantrum - but, and it scares me to admit, i lose control.
aita for being angry that my gf wont try penetrative sex?
luckily i had some friends to back me up.
third stepdad in row has goatee
i hired a man who became my best friend.
both my girlfriend and i currently hold the opinion that i kept the spirit of the promise, and there is no dissent between us.
fast forward ten months, it's almost christmas time.
i have tried clipping their wings and making our fence taller with tree branches so they can’t hop to the top railing and hop down, but neither options has worked.
wibta if i break up with my girlfriend due to lack of attraction caused by her weight?
obama unsure how to turn huge support among women, latinos, gays, african-americans into electoral victory
but no, i don't want to be with someone who is turned on by femininity and women and wants to be with them, even if a lot of guys (especially trans people) are into those kinds of relationships and polyamory.
gop strips steve king of post on powerful house segregation committee
i feel truly devastated by this, as i have never been talked to by a teacher this way.
ipod made by chinese children to benefit african children
he keeps saying he doesn't want to break up but he cannot just "give me a free pass to blow up by telling me it's ok that this might happen again".
i couldn't get it out of my head and today i brought this up.
we are a single income family with 4 kids, 1 of them is t1d.
he complains about all this to me and never mentions the other admin and he tells me that “if anyone should be admin it really shouldn’t be you”.
so i begin to tell the table what he told me.
denver's flaming skull mayor announces plans to decriminalize magic mushrooms
new historical evidence suggests most pilgrims sailed back home to celebrate first thanksgiving
i dont usually day anything to my brother when he comes home cause he usually ignores me anyway.
aita for being annoyed that i texted my boyfriend “happy birthday eve” with a smiley face and he totally ignored me and has been online ever since then?
i later found out that most of the class heard me so perhaps that exacerbated the issue.
&#x200b; i want to say i chose kermit because he has seniority but it was mostly because i'm fine with him in my space.
he knew it was bc if the kid pic displayed.
area father takes one more look at liner notes of daughter's britney spears album
2) aita for not spending as much time as my wife thinks i should to see our daughter in nicu?
there was, like european history, greek letters, and not one thing i knew shit about.
home depot employee can tell this customer's first attempt at pipe bomb
i managed to calm the child down and he was able to return to class as well.
piece of shit whom everybody hates assures himself it all in his head
how do you, as a man of science, reject scientific research?
i sat behind her on the bus home, and took a slither out of the bottom of her ponytail.
aita for wanting to live comfortably?
she then turned to het dad, which then started paying her a kind of monthly allowance to help pay for the mba.
my cousin says they’re trying to keep their relationship a secret - from both his parents and her parents.
wibta if i told someone that with the mentality they currently have grad school isn't for them?
because of how often her feelings on her body image fluctuates, she thinks i should just support her and let her eat whatever she wants whenever she feels like it.
he is like an acquaintance to me, and whenever they get together i immediately notice theres a change in her demeanor, she acts much happier with me.
she says no and starts pushing me out the door.
today i started to talk to my girlfriend about a problem i was having when she said "i gotta go eat with my family now.
you know the happy go lucky weed and doses kind of guy.
sean spicer's voice immediately recognized by everyone else in 'halo 5' multiplayer lobby
sleazy health insurance covers any doctor's visit they can watch
coast guard drags decoy boca raton into middle of ocean in attempt to lure away hurricane irma
tv's mork to star in film
boxer hopes he can make money punching things in retirement
once my husband told me how my brother had given him the condoms, it was obvious to me what he was doing, and i wanted to say something, but my husband insisted that i should mind my own business and just enjoy the camping.
to make the story short, i agreed that i could improve my interest in preparing and getting ready, but the choice of comparing me and my behaviour to a prison inmate in such a scale was a terrible choice of wording.
dental hygienist sick of being lied to
its like shes milking it for attention.
the whole time he complained about his job, ( he worked as a server, but always said it was a part time temporary thing, even though that’s all he done his entire life).
[she's 25 and i married her dad while she was an adult.] i married mike three years ago.
so i don’t plan on getting this person what they asked for.
my kid, while unlikely, might have something seriously or life-threateningly wrong.
so when the kid was born, he text someone who he works with to tell her the child is born and put it on social media, but didn’t bother telling me, his best friend and godfather of the children that she had given birth.
aita for laughing when my 6year old nephew called two nurses fat?
their website kept refusing my coupon for free lava cakes with a medium or large pizza and made me buy a large to get the coupon to work, so i called in.
area man does indeed belong at applebee's
mtv executive grounds son for recommending good charlotte
history channel treating invention of popcorn like it's fucking penicillin
the ra wouldn't budge, and wouldn't leave our place until all the partygoers had cleared out and our apartment was dead silent.
worth it though, i thought, if it would fix everything that had been going on with my friendship group.
it's safe to assume that he didn't have all the time in the world to wait for an irresponsible driver.
couple spends morning at farmers market verbalizing everything that comes into field of vision
3 days prior she had told me and other bridesmaids about this bridal fair she wanted to go to, and asked if we could go.
well, according to my stepfather (absolute asshole.
we started having sex later on(we both had sex with one other partner before) and we decided to be exclusive.
mom wants to know if you'll be free if she visits 14 months from now
a girl who was the nephew of a now imprisoned drug dealer.
or atleast tell him it would be a bad idea.
he's been ignoring me all week up until this morning when he asks me to spot him $5 for for a couple mike's harders.
neil armstrong becomes 115 billionth man to die on earth
after leaving, my date was half-wtf and half-laughing at the stupidity of this whole thing.
johns hopkins doctors perform first successful surgery on broken thumb
she started to try to get out of the sled, but i said something like, “just go, you big chicken.” and then i pushed her while she was trying to get out?
nutritious lunch brought from home broadcasts middle-aged coworker's recent health scare loud and clear
i tell her "i'm not mad at you it's just the situation, there's like poop everywhere" she responds "so what, it's just poop, its funny".
i will one day be forced to become her nurse in her old age and her weight is going to make that a lot harder.
&#x200b; wibta if i gone through with this?
nascar logo slowly creeping across u.s.
j looks exactly like clint howard and lives in a studio with his girlfriend.
said friend ended up lost against the kid while i got 3rd place behind the two of them with razor thin margins.
i reiterated the details of the case i.e that i had asked for it, told them where it was and offered to bring it back to them anytime they wanted it.
the car was pulled forward just far enough for the back bumper to barely clear the intersection.
better than i ever was with him, which is kind of bittersweet for me.
wibta for trying to make up with a person that probably doesn't wanna see me?
she seems very hurt by that, and i take full responsibility for causing her those feelings.
report: u.s. economy loses $20 billion annually to americans writing ideas down illegibly
edit 2 my brother is 25 not 20 edit 3 thank you for all of the responses.
man forced to venture pretty far into wilds of internet to have opinion confirmed
my wife and i had been looking forward to infinity war coming for months so we had my parents in law babysit our two kids for the day so we could go see the film (they're both retired so are always free).
anyways, i text her saying i’m sorry for not seeing her messages before and that i was busy, and she responds that its okay.
aita if i told my ex's fiancee about nudes she sent me?
loft apartments converted to mayonnaise factory
lost cat, dog on journey die immediately
this is characteristic of the "help" that she has provided over the time that i've been asking for it.
my parents are about to get home, who would obviously not appreciate a tripping (and psychotic) teenager in their home -- huge liability to them.
aitah for not wanting my girlfriend to draw while i read to her so this is not a major issue, but it is something that has come up several times.
i have told her i don't plan to be in the delivery room with her for the birth.
aunt scores big with nephews by dropping bombshell story about mom smoking weed as teenager
obama endorses not doing goddamn thing to fix illinois in midterms
romney pledges to replace all foreign policy with jobs right here in america
man's body running out of ideas to convince him he full
i wouldn't care if he cussed him out at that point.
darfur, ia also in pretty bad shape
we’ve messed around before but (tmi) we don’t get very far because she breaks down crying (turns out she’s a virgin and hasn’t given a blowjob etc).
they were both very nice and offered emotional support which was much appreciated.
a little more than a year ago, they had a baby.
general mills releases new lucky charms with 15 percent less leprechaun meat
my flight was under booked, so there was only gonna be one other person in my row of three.
high school production of our town features line memorization
jumbled nest of cords makes move to third new apartment
i think they sense i dont view our family the same way and i get shunned for it.
last night i went to a sesh at j's place (l was already salty she wasnt invited) and come morning it was just the two of us.
aita for turning off the lights and locking the doors in a stranger's car?
additionally, we were about to buy a house before i found out, she put down 10k towards the deposit.
they immediately stopped making noise but kept playing.
i pointed this out and apparently "it didn't sound like a quote" and "it's like saying the n word, it's racist when white ppl say it" (this came from the girl, who is white and uses that word herself frequently when referring to black people).
ceo spends 30 percent of earnings staying out of jail
last person to voluntarily write essay dies
aita for refusing to speak spanish to my coworkers?
arthur did tell me about being low body tempature hypothermia iirc and maybe that he doesnt have to sleep in the open potentially and told him if he really needs to find shelter he can use the hallway i share with the upstairs neighboor.
he gave me a candy that i was allergic to but i still accepted it.
it hurt, so i pressed my head harder against the seat so when the person reclined, it pushed their seat foreword.
i confronted him, he apologized but i found him saying the same shit via text the very next week.
half of morning run spent trying to change song on phone
why not just eat the left overs instead?
i said she should make it up to me somehow by reimbursing for dry cleaning.
study: child obesity rates declining, but you wouldn't know it looking at macarthur center mall in norfolk, virginia
half of hollywood test group screened placebo film
weird al honors parents' memory with 'tears in heaven' parody
he has even been emotionally abusive to me by making me feel like i said something offensive and overreacting to it so i’d feel bad.
saudi executioner thinks he pulled something in shoulder during last 10 decapitations
hillary clinton opens chili's franchise just outside of washington, d.c.
dozens of social issues thankful they never had to go toe-to-toe with muhammad ali
i'm not going to make her apologize like an eight year old that took another child's toy.
loud squawking crow forces faa to ground all flights indefinitely
and the throw away at the end about me calling xxxx later didn't sit well.
i moved out of home into a cheap apartment and she decided to move in with me - she said it was to help pay my bills but i think she wanted out of her parents house as much as i did.
quaker scientists formulate world's oldest-fashioned oatmeal
the problem is that whenever she gets out of the car, she walks around *in front* of the car, so i can't start driving away until she's gone past.
lowest brightness setting, tell an ingame friend im in a theatre and he thinks im an asshole regardless of seating.
i was raised to believe abortion is wrong, although i did consider it anyway.
aita for punching a car mirror and breaking a back widow for a guy nearly running me over okay, so here's how this goes.
report: 89% of americans just want to go home right now
i won't go into the details but trust me when i say nothing in common.
aita for wanting to know about my (now ex) girlfriend's sexuality?
she told me i was being inconsiderate for eating the things she can't in front of her.
edit 2: i do appreciate everyone correcting me i am surprised how much i was downvoted in the process though, thought the subreddit is not suppose to downvote assholes
i got in to a debate with kayla about this and she says i have no right to tell them what they cant say, the sean thing is an "inside joke".
bouncer instructed not to let people like himself in
we weren't going to work out.
i suffer from a phobia called kosmemophobia, meaning that i find jewelry severely disgusting.
i mentioned this dishes in passing over the following month, but with finals i forgot.
americans confused by system of government in which leader would resign after making terrible decision
report: north dakota leads nation in parking availability
then she told me "it's like how you forget to not pick her up by her arms after she got injured", and i got really pissed.
crimean voters excited to exercise democracy for last time
thousands of americans to notice first signs of dementia while visiting parents over holiday
my sense is that she thinks my desire for her to change jobs is tantamount to my wanting her to be barefoot and in the kitchen, which is a little ridiculous - if she were to change jobs, she'd still be in a role that is very well respected (certainly more well respected than mine) and would still be paid quite well (albeit not as well as she currently is).
they had more than 6 months to plan and instead bickered until they just went with the plan i didn't want.
my sister, petunia was wearing a top which was low-cut and walked in the kitchen as i was leaving and i said to her “i think you’re missing a couple buttons” in what i didn’t think was a serious tone.
m: you can get me a freaking purple lamborghini for all i care, i do it because i know what i'm doing and touching, plus it's not exactly legal what i'm doing either f: some fucking friend you are you *insert remarks about my mental disability here* m: at least i've actually finally tied the knot mate, which bf are you on now?
family feud pollster tired of asking strangers to name a fruit typically served with breakfast
8-month-old sick of staring at pooh's smug face all day
it was just hilarious at the moment.
and i had no interest in seeing them again.
that would be a drastic, heartless, and irresponsible line of actions.
she is embarrassing me and has no care for this, that's what makes me uncomfortable.
she wants us to have separate bedrooms.
&#x200b; another example is when i had another artist over, where i've been planning on having them come over for weeks in advance to make music on a friday evening.
you can’t just ruin everyone else’s fun because your not having fun” (ruin other peoples fun by making us play a hopeless game wasting 20 minutes).
&#x200b; i kind of feel bad, i wasn't angry or anything, but when i talk i use a lot of sarcasm, and my wife tells me i always sound like a douche.
i feel so sorry that she feels this way!
rosa parks not really honored by new bus depot
she was laid off and they decided to take the kids out of parochial school and put them into public.
aita for vaping at my grandparents house?
i can't see this being positive for anyone who really has to go through this.
spotify removes 'this is: white supremacy' playlist
toilet that uses 50 percent less water must be flushed six times
about 4 - 5 people replied to my confession, said that they want to give it a try.
>me: okay, but i don't know how complex or nuanced or valid this is because it's second-hand information.
we knew each other before she and alex dated but i didn't really become good friends with kendra until they started dating.
i feel bad for being annoyed by this, but hear me out.
after i got my food i saw a stray dog wondering around in the parking lot.
it's her parents telling me that they're leaving for church.
thanks to everyone for your input.
god demands cuter precious moments figurines
obama blanks on what he's ineffectually urging congress to take action on now
this was around the 20th of december.
but apparently he had been talking with the girl and she said she never asked me out and i guess her word against mine because he exploded.
'breaking bad' creator thinking maybe next season should take dark turn
study finds man starting 'analyze this' during flight to boston currently happiest person in america
i recently told this story to a couple of newer friends and they told me they thought that what i did was kind of fucked up which got me wondering, aita in this story?
i don't work well with this idea of being in constant contact with people.
chuck schumer condemns mitch mcconnell for being way better at this than him
&#x200b; we didn't do that though.
i picked up the universal needles and then dropped them (stupid, i know, but she just wanted me to try) so i still wasn't sure which ones she needed.
as we turned to continue down the trail, i heard the excited piping of small kids behind me.
middle eastern man not sure how many days' worth of airport detention clothes to pack
i know i handles he relationship poorly.
i don't expect most 19 year old guys too.
she thought i was insane for saying that and i, with regret, told her that she doesn't know what a joke is.
anyway, while waiting at one of the hospital’s nursing station, my niece said she gave her phone to a ‘nurse’ to charge.
so, do i really deserve to be called an ass when it's not my fault they're jealous and acting entitled?
he is good at this subject i am not.
i'm still pissed at the ex for ruining a surprise for no reason.
we had no money for that, so i said we couldn’t do it.
my mom told me that my sister was gonna get a second dog with her own money, and if i thought the dog looked cute.
my (m37) boyfriend (m36) has a new relationship with this guy who lives 4 hours away.
swiss unable to maintain neutrality toward delicious pastries
creepy older brand clearly targeting female 18-to-24-year-olds
aita for telling a girl that a photo was of poor quality so i was talking with a girl, we’ve been talking for about two weeks over text, and we’ve been sharing a few photos back and forth.
edit 2: my mom specifically sited watching the moment of death for our last dog as being traumatizing, because it was all violent convulsions ect.
there were 7 of us and 4 of us got our bills while the other three stayed behind.
on top of that she would never tell her husband, but even if she did he does not scare me.
that her guilt should be enough and she shouldn't have to be made to feel like shit, that i should support her.
my mother is being really manipulative.
man checks to make sure no one home before recording song into laptop
he orders me to stop seeing her and i refuse.
i think my father understands it because i came down last time and told my point of view.
btw, she did admit that she made a mistake and put herself in a bad situation, but still claims that i did something wrong.
i don't want the wedding ruined by her dad's side freaking out during what should be a good day, i think she should tell them.
pieces of bread really starting to pile up for overworked duck
i knew by now what "friends" meant to her given the context she used it in last time to spite me.
romney stares uncomprehendingly at $1 bill
man praying interviewer doesn't ask any questions
overweight man receives 'lose weight fast' spam e-mail featuring his picture
it started getting worse while driving.
anyway, these days fishfan420 and i are really tight and generally get along great.
copies of da vinci code litter crash site
why are ypu freaking out." he responded by calling me a cunt more than once.
aita for pushing her even though she told me to?
so...am i the asshole for trying to get the help from my wife who is obviously not really into helping me?
new social media start-up aims to be cross between facebook and facebook
i wake up at 6am, and she's fully dressed and packing her things.
this week me and the other owners had a lengthy discussion about it and while they understand my reasoning they dont like that i came in and that i refused to leave.
in the back of my mind, i decided i would "steal back" anthonys skateboard and return it to him.
i told her that if she was having trouble with the lesson in the first place, that she should have gone to ask the teacher.
total weirdo spends mother's day at cemetery
even though she knows once he is up, he's up and wants constant entertainment and doesn't wanna be put down for longer than 20 mins at a time.
you see, my family is fairly well off, especially for the area we're in, so my mom has a very nice new car, and my dad has a truck for his work, so in general, they don't really need another car.
'voila,' yells exhausted lady gaga during 149th consecutive costume change as met visitors gingerly step over her
imo i'm using the freeway correctly and if people are not passing, they should be in the right lane which would force me over to the middle/left lanes.
my girlfriend feels that even though i say that the friendship between me and this friend is platonic, it is not, and what i did exhibit a lack of boundaries.
third world disease eliminated with hot-air hand dryers
gaunt, hollow-eyed big bird enters sixth day of hunger strike against proposed trump budget
you all are interesting here in reddit land.
i have social anxiety disorder and this family is super sweet.
my sister like friend began to tell me how her girlfriend jess started to ignore her, i kept telling her to confront her about it.
my wife and brother in law try to save it but it was a bust.
i used to do it too but noticed we almost never failed to get freezing rain right afterwards, creating slippery sidewalks and dangerous walking conditions.
necessary background info, please read all of it before passing judgement - i live in an area of unincorporated los angeles county (california), which means the legal maximum number of dogs is 4 per household/property unless its a business/rescue operation kinda deal - the neighbor lives on around a half acre of land, the dogs have plenty of room to run around it, no obvious health hazard, all seem well fed but not fat.
bill cosby announces dates for u.s. college commencement tour
husband, wife and 4 kids (one girl 14, one girl 16, one boy 18 and one girl 23).
then went on a tirade about how i cant be taken anywhere in public blah blah.
confusing roadside memorial features bicycle, rotary telephone, jug of some kind
i’d even go as far as saying that we have 10/10 communication skills.
i've used it to great affect in previous games.
un quietly pushed into east river
they were relatively minor, and seldom.
did i come across as a dick or is he the asshole for always complaining at me?
he's kept the gift set aside completely unopened, unused, and collecting dust.
the began to downvote every comment i made and i literally lost 100 karma on one post.
tbh i have not had time to even start writing the exam, and it's due for mass printing in four days (the sitting is in two weeks).
'breitbart' refusing to release names of mass shooting victims in order to prevent them from getting attention
new report finds moving to isolated seaside cottage greatly increases productivity
i gave the guy my address for him to pick it up (my mistake) and he said he would come by in a few days.
this hotel a goddamn maze, reports father
we also spent our first snow together and stayed up until 4am just to play in the snow together.
i like him as a person and i want to remain in touch with him but his phone is driving me fucking crazy.
english is not one such class, especially when it involves old literature that curriculums still administer.
d.c. authorities struggling to keep squatters out of empty state department
i'm probably just being overly paranoid, but it's difficult to tell how valid my frustration is when all i have to go on is second hand information.
i took a video and posted it to /r/assholedesign, revealing the inappropriate popups.
tank rolls by living room window
teen had absolutely no say in becoming part of snapchat generation
i view them like war profiteers.
but now, he’s telling me that it’s too much, that i’m rude, a bitch at times.
in the past ive given many pep talks about being committed to your job, to overcoming obstacles, to making sacrifices and taking risks.
genuine love and respect only thing holding area relationship together
that substitute got some messed up instructions and told us to finish the translation by that class.
she first asked if i was doing it when she started getting the messages because of my past pranks.
it isn't like i forgot about her.
poll: 63% of americans say they have a problem with a mormon president who is also mitt romney
in the end i just wanna know that, and i know in the end she just wasn’t interested, but i really just wanna know what she felt when she got those flowers and that note.
for some reason i really don't like how he asked this.
now our dogs are in the other room making a bunch of noise chasing each other, me and my buddy have no problem with it.
study finds that all the worst people will outlive you
are we assholes for undermining their so-called punishment?
the artist performing rarely tours in london so this was also a rare opportunity.
i am an open minded person and try to stay abreast of social issues and be active in the community.
poll: 89% of illegal immigrants would prefer path to corporate status
laptop guy at coffee shop nine times out of ten
i didnt know what to do, feeling the need to puke and all shit falling apart around me.
i haven't told my gf that i wanted to go to the retreat, i really don't want to hurt her feelings, but that's really what i think.
she is supposed to fly to la tomorrow and spend the week at one of the owners airbnbs where she is going to spend the week shooting.
i just hadnt thought about any of it while in full flight mode.
the jacket was already pretty dry and looked fine.
&#x200b; ( where shit went downhill )\* a couple of days after camp ended and everyone went home, everyone came over to my house to hang out; everyone being jc, cameron, sam, jayden, and b.
kids were yelling, running around, trying to jump out the fucking window and so on.
am i in the wrong here?
california officials assure residents there still plenty of other natural resources to waste
deep down, woman knows she's watching entire trading spaces marathon
area woman to celebrate quiet women's history month at home this year
3.that i have problems and i need to address them, even though i’m completely healthy imo.
she bawled like a baby, said it was the best birthday present she's ever had!
he’ll still occasionally call me pansy or queer, despite my protests.
we also came up with this thing as an excuse to hold hands called the 'tranny train.' we would all hold hands with someone, but it was really just a cover-up so that sam and i could.
i keep that to myself, but i can't stop this feeling of...
i appreciate my aunt’s rationale, but i would have much rather received something from our registry, like plates and dishes.
obama urges young voters to ignore how many lousy candidates democratic party runs
epa to drop 'e,' 'p' from name
am i the asshole for snapping at my coworker/guy i'm dating?
aita for not paying for the hard drive restoration?
college freshman experiences first tantalizing taste of freedom waiting in line at burrito station while parents find table
i've been down on my luck in the job market, resorting to doing rideshare apps for money.
couple excited to start planning wedding expenses
me and the roommate have had a brief history which has turned sour, and i do not enjoy the roommate's company.
study finds all-consuming self-pity best way to win back ex-partner
me and my family had met at my grandmother's house to watch a movie together, i had brought my soundbar and their tv didn't have an optical audio connection.
none of our co-workers know, and we've both agreed nobody needs to know.
department of homeland security not about to raise alert level for 14th anniversary of 9/11
[comment chain in question]( i answered a post on /r/nostupidquestions earlier today and an unexpected argument broke out with another user.
the day after, i found out that he lied and did in fact have way more money than what he said.
except i feel like a total dick for going through with this, i've had a long relationship myself and i'd be sick to my stomach if i ever found out i was being cheated on and she had kept in touch with the guy (most of our texts are pretty intimate, almost like we're in a relationship ourselves).
intergalactic law enforcement officers place energy shackles on hillary clinton
update #2: since i think the update at the bottom is getting missed...
for the rest of the night, about 5 hours, we made out almost the entire time.
this means i'm usually passing everyone to the left of me, even folks who think they're "passing" on the left.
like i think he wanted someone to push him?
he got in his van and left.
loyal dog waits 2 full hours before consuming dead owner's face
i feel like there isn't anything i can say that she would feel makes up for it.
i feel pretty bad about the guy getting in trouble or fired especially because it’s the holiday season.
so this is a fairly long story and pretty cringy from all points of view so lets just dive into the cringe.â so i'm a westerner living abroad going to an international high school.
aita , new puppy potential long term issue anal glands i just got a 9 month old puppy from a shelter about a month ago.
there's quite a bit of background and story to this, so i'll try and made a condensed tl;dr at the end.
i know this will read as pretty petty, but it is a minor issue that i'm really curious about.
my cousins (including her own son i talked about previously) let me know what she was saying, since they thought it was rude.
8.) why don't just you move out?
>me: i'd be happy if people would communicate these things to me directly.
it’s clear she didn’t want to go out and i can respect that.
strap in, it’s a long one.
kid figures he'll go down slide 35 more times then call it a day
now here’s the issue: this past semester i’ve failed a course and i’m at risk of losing my internship that i’ve worked hard to obtain.
terry gilliam barbecue plagued by production delays
the other partner returned and when i asked what if hers i have broken, she started “well emotionally...” and i stopped her.
she would say things like "would it make a difference is she knew now?" and yet also say things like "oh but she looks just like our cousins".
we decided that we will talk about this tomorrow.
would it be an asshole move to basicly deal a car for profit between your two children?
most items at garage sale haunted
again, i left it unread because i’d had a rough weekend / was painful / had worked a very long week and knew i’d have to address the first message too.
he continued to wail saying shit like "i'm fucking worthless!" and "i'm gonna kill myself!".
so i go up to them and say, “don’t worry it was gods plan.” they didn’t say anything and i left.
i bought her a really hard to find ticket for a concert held on a beach this summer by her favorite singer.
man in center of political spectrum under impression he less obnoxious
i have tried to encourage her to get back into shape with me but she keeps coming up with excuses and seems to have no interest in going back to where she was before or even anywhere near it.
i've cultivated the asshole meta mostly because i believe it's effective.
she's a wonderful person and i live her, but all my life i've wanted to live overseas.
trump assures nation that decision for syrian airstrikes came after carefully considering all his passing whims
i then realized i didn't know where my heater was so i went to my friend's place, a guy, and crashed on his couch.
i pressed the butt of my cigarette into the charcoal on top for a few seconds and walked away taking a drag, but one of the men at the table stood up and started yelling at me saying that i had to ask before doing that.
amta for not wanting to wake up and help?
i drink some more water, but everything in me is screaming to get back into bed, so i tell my boyfriend ‘5 more minutes’.
i did pay him back later though.
they’ve made my life miserable for years and i’m finally getting back at them.
i didn’t want to bother the owner with buying a new chair.
we had great chemistry before leaving, but she claims it was one sided and she was just hanging on to me to be able to walk and that she was not touching me in a sexual way.
high school elects gay 45-year-old homecoming king for first time in school history
my girlfriend \[21\] and i \[20\] used to go the same college very far from home.
produce section bursts into laughter after will ferrell makes casual remark about apples
family receives 38-piece astrazeneca assorted pill sampler
finally she said it was her life and i was a control freak, while i was just looking for real answers why she got herself in that situation and why i was misled.
senator trying to make long-distance relationship work with constituency back home
shuddering astrid menks comes home to trail of rose petals leading to nude, spread-eagle warren buffett
exxonmobil vows lenient treatment for any species that surrenders voluntarily
while spending my credit, and messing around with my account, i accidentally broke the system while doing something(for morality's sake, i won't say what).
boyfriend's comforter an unzipped sleeping bag
eco-conscious hotel lets guests decide whether they want room's towels washed before next guests arrive
and i just loose my shit because i've had enough of taking his shit every day.
war-torn, blood-soaked kosovo: would bombing it help?
b is eight years older than m but acts younger.
panicked keynote speaker suddenly can't remember what future of innovation is
it's just that we've drifted apart.
outside of sex i got along with the guy, but during sex with his wife i humiliated him, which is what i was doing again.
problem is i have been having a hard time conceiving naturally so i have (willingly) submitted myself to many many tests, dr appointments, endless amounts of tracking, peeing on sticks, crying in subs like r/tryingforababy and r/infertility, the works.
i start looking through the house to see if she packed an overnight bag and that's when i find an empty bottle of vodka in one of her drawers and an empty smirnoff ice (lol) bottle under the bed.
area teen accidentally enters teen center
i told her my intentions and made it clear who i am as a person.
leather-clad nomads seize power in australia
his job sucks and he works 30 minutes away so i try to not say anything to him when he comes home at 2:30 am.
if you want to wreck my home then i will wreck yours".
leather-clad ted cruz greeting voters at reno-area fetish club
started nagging on him about the features she didn't like, and chastising him for them.
on top of that i have been extremely stressed out about the scholarship, family health, and some troubles with my friends.
every fucking head in the airport turned to stare at us.
i think he's been super lazy about trying to find someone despite how i told him i really don't have the time to cover him.
the kid lives in india, and my cousin knows him, so i sent him a follow request and he accpeted about a day later.
like it goes through me and i can’t stand it.
at the same time, putting out to everybody not to get gifts for me i feel would also come off as rude.
i decided the next day after her death on monday, a few hours before the rave started that i was going to stay home.
the parents motioned like they were going to address the problem but they never did, they continually gave her the run around.
i actually pushed her aside one time and i'm worried i might do worse.
he said that he’d never date a girl who’d do what she did but he ended up sinking to this level anyway, and i was really disappointed in him even though it’s nothing that bad.
now she could still get a taxi and expense it back, this would take a few weeks but due to the small amount of money (£10) it's not an issue financially speaking.
angela merkel admits she only attending stupid work conference for free trip to argentina
to my knowledge she works in the shop part time.
my gf told me straight up that this guy (let's call him sam from now on) sam doesn't talk too anyone at their job (plenty of male female associates).
affable anti-semite thinks the jews are doing super job with the media
the context is imperative to account for in this scenario.
i felt like i was in a good mood and felt comfortable around him and the night consisted of me initiating holding him (instead of the other way around) and whatnot.
the friend left, and my wife started insisting that we drive her sister home.
he tried it on my wife as we were leaving my parents' house and she was convinced he tried to kiss her on the mouth, pushed him to get away, and my dad stormed off in a sulk.
another friends star to appear in another big-screen bomb
for my current italian teacher we used the “when people want to sound smart the talk loud, right?” “correct” scene from the episode band geeks.
am i the asshole here or is she overreacting?
she told me he had recently had fallen off a slide and bust his nose.
flying squirrel loves it every time
we get there and everythings fine.
according to google maps we live 1 minute drive time from the store.
never alone together, never growing close.
man always three ingredients away from making pancakes
fast forward, everyone is butt hurt about it and i couldn't care less.
my wife and i have figured for a while that our "job" was done, and that we could finally focus on our lives and our wants and needs.
parking lot attendant seemingly unaware new day a gift from god
she immediately became upset and claimed that i was being racist and a bigot, and that i wasn't accepting of her ethnicity.
she wants to have a child in a couple years and live together.
overfunded public school forced to add jazz band
i was offended by being told to stop talking and reacted emotionally.
the majority of the assignments outside of readings were group projects where we made board games to get a basic grip on basic game design before moving into video games specifically.
also, i want to add that the class is \*full\* of spanish-speaking, latinas.
(nsfw) i (21f) and my boyfriend (26m) have been dating for a few months and have been having sex regularly.
man wastes no time masturbating while roommate gone for weekend
rose noticed this extra affection, and knew something was up.
i immediately told her she shouldnt be dating him (she's 19, he's 28) and that he shouldnt be dating somone with that large of an age gap.
although he only smokes outside and claims he doesn't smoke in front of our son, he still reeks of smoke when he comes in and we are not sleeping in the same bed anymore because he would smoke right before bed and i couldn't tolerate the smell of him coming to bed smelling of smoke (i don't have a medical issue but i'm very sensitive to the smell and always have been).
it wasn’t strong enough to make the guy fall over, but he dropped the ball as he caught himself.
now today i have heard all sorts of story's and rumors about what has really happened, some said i threw her on the ground and beat the tar out of her, that's the issue no one really saw the physical contact so lo and behold, people made up a bunch of shit.
one of my suite-mates called her into the other room, so she got up and left the journal behind, open, on her bed.
i'm simply going to say that he earns almost no money.
you are seeing but a sliver of it...the darkest sliver.
roommate protective services rescues helpless 22-year-old from squalid apartment
i also think people who go into journalism are usually sociopaths who need to control what people see and how they view things.
aita for being triggered that my best friend still keeps in touch with someone who willingly ignores me and won't give my stuff back?
all data collection must be random and this is on the rubric.
report: of course that guy on college's alumni committee now
these dogs were also great around kids.
'you are donald trump, 45th president of the united states,' trump reads from faded tattoo on wrist
birthplace of president carter accidentally visited
les moonves doesn't know how he going to tell wife he didn't get $120 million bonus
especially not from this f\*\*\*ot."* yep.
i hurry out, even taking a flight with a stop over in canada to be able to get the fuck out faster, and before she gets back from work.
one head says "no" but the other head screamed "yes".
i tried to make up for it by compulsively cleaning, cooking, dieting and exercising in a hope that he wouldn't leave me.
interminable nightmare of buying wrong toilet paper in bulk nearly over
"because i know everyone else in here, and no one would do that!".
moving on a few weeks later, i get a snapchat from her that my brother brought her coffee to her dorm that is only 10 minutes from me.
crush on williams-sonoma employee costing man a fortune
edit 4: the need for this edit is maddening, but i did not threaten my wife..?
supreme court allows corporations to run for political office
i got really drunk at a friend’s party - blackout drunk, couldn’t remember a thing - and the next morning my friend asked if i could remember kissing a girl last night.
i am also very shy despite what people think and i was verbally bullied at times based on my height and lankiness in highschool.
finger-quotes lady now doing hand parentheses
you act as though, you're dying.
aita for impersonating another reddit user?
my girlfriend declined at the time because we had covered the cost of his treatment with credit cards.
to me, they've essentially used my college education as a bargaining chip to be over-protective of me.
70,000 burning man attendees die of dehydration after thinking someone else was bringing the water
shrimp would be pissed if he could see the lame party he's going to be served at
**2 weeks later** - some shit goes down and me and bill are excommunicated from the group.
lush unveils new line of anti-aging youthful maiden bloodbombs
no one in gang has heart to tell police informant his cover's blown
he didn't respond right away so maybe two days later i texted him back that i was super late, was probably pregnant and i wasn't asking for him to come back, i just wanted him to be aware.
i am so devastated as i really love her so much, shes so kind to me.
my friends used it as a lounge bed in their family room.
i finally give up and say fine, ok.
onion social announces hiring of james damore as chief technology officer
no way--his waste goes back over our fence line onto his property.
edit 1: sounded harsh because i was ranting at her even when she said ok about how bad it would be if she got my mom sick.
new yorkers cower as clinton victory speech reverberates across entire state
- using a ‘kahoot hacker’ to spam our class kahoot with bots and make it unplayable.
legendary reclusive author has never published single piece of writing
i shouted “wow do we really allow trash guys in this dorm” and “no one wants you here, leave” in the hall audibly so that he could hear it.
i get it take one bite and i’m like this is not it.
locks of love completes construction of massive hair silo capable of holding 150,000 pounds of hair
im feeling petty so, wibta if i took his candy bar without asking or sharing?
we live in a hcol area so this was a big deal for us, a very significant part of our lives.
one of her friends looked at me and said "what?!" kinda angrily, i turned around to try to just avoid it i guess and she said "what are you looking at?!".
he’s a moron but he made the trolling much more worth it.
and with that most of my previous relationships stem from the guys i am dating on really dating me because of my looks and the "status symbol" of dating a model not because of me as a person.
sex is not really that important to me but e is incredibly attractive and a complete lack of it has also driven me a little crazy i guess.
aides say bannon was not on the record when he issued deafening, atonal howl that caused journalist's skull to explode
mom wants to know if you could use grandma's antique, 12-person dining room table in your studio apartment
my room is really messy, and i feel too lazy to go out." let me explain to you what had been going on the whole time in my head.
i just wanted to be on good terms, but she doesn't seem to want to.
he brushed it off and walked away.
she sent me a text like every day and i was getting kind of tired of it.
demoralized jeb bush succumbs to new hampshire heroin epidemic
but i had no items on the counter at all and figured we could use the countless cupboards.
obama to take break from stumping to preside over united states
we’re both new to the city.
elliott abrams defends war crimes as happening back in the '80s when everyone was doing it
my mother and siblings do not like my father.
i don't want to stay there longer than necessary and move back home eventually, but i think that it will be probably 1.5 to 3.5 years before i can move back to my home town.
pilot informs passengers they will be rerouting to avoid scary cloud that looks like shark
we’ve done this before and we stayed at their house, which i thought was fine.
zambia tired of being mentioned in 'news of the weird' section
she’s beautiful, does amazing in school, and is constantly surprising me by how mature she is.
we share a dog who we both love very much.
daily visits to nicu means less time for other responsibilities, including work-related and life-related tasks, as well as impact on stress coping recreational activities.
'captain actual america' overweight, hopelessly in debt
aita i’m my reaction towards my ex suicide attempt so he (22m) survived.
my problem with that is she slept with me again so soon after a year break.
i was resolving some grade discrepancies with teachers, clarifying my quarter grades with some teachers who hadn’t updated their portal in a while.
aita for snapping at my mom when she’s going through a rough time.
i tried to let it go but kept seeing people say things like "kate is experiencing most women's worst fear by not being able to have biological children".
i lied and told him i make the same, but now i secretely hate him.
anyway, about 2 and a half years ago, he left an ominous note on his desk, due to him suffering from mental illness during his senior year of high school.
local teen quits club that would've been tiebreaker in admission to dream school
first disk of rosetta stone hungarian just urges listeners to rethink this whole thing
i took the offer but after pulling weeds for 2 hours, i told i didn't want to do it anymore because it was too hot outside.
tim burton worried he going through a bit of a 14-movie slump
specifically for every holliday they buy the kids a basket of candy filled with plastic tinsel that we feel terrible about throwing away.
but i don't know if what i did was wrong bc we were broken up and i think our relationship was really toxic.
mail for former resident looks important
i don't want to make excuses and lie...
report: only 1 in 3 preschool graduates has necessary animal sound skills upon entering zoo
i told her i forgave her and still love her but she needs to face the truth.
but then again i could have asked him if he was going to be renting the house to other people.
iceberg sighs contentedly as it slowly lowers itself into warm arctic water
she said she is hurt because i said that i value my housemate's advice more than hers.
we were parked and he kept asking if i'm sure and i'm like yes i'm sure don't worry, please leave you dont have to come in with me.
for one, i do like them.
so after i heard about this party, i brought it up to him that the party was culturally insensitive and felt like this was the step right before blackface.
a and b are probably the most intelligent students in our class and the ones i'm closest to, and c and e are not exactly horrible students, they're just bad.
destiny's child referred to as 'feminist icons' with straight face
so i was hanging out with a group of friends (maybe 5 other people) and we were all in this public parking lot.
multiple friends and members of my family talk of future goals with almost radical idealization.
rnc taps dennis hastert to lead new youth outreach program
i thought that everyone would look at him weird and whisper behind his back, and that it would humilate him but eventually blow over.
i then told her that it was fine she could come over.
but nearly every week, sometimes twice a week, he uses his pto to just sleep in.
i asked him "you would never eat dog, right?" i expected him to say no, but he admitted that he had tried dog meat before.
confused and disturbed by these memories she confided in her older sister[22f] and her older sister confirmed.
we have a short conversation about where the car is and i tell her where i *thought* the car was (i'm sure both of us sounded frustrated), and she replies "why would you think that?
this is all new to me but i go along with it.
helpful man saves woman effort of telling idea to boss herself
i immediately went out to the living room where they were at and asked them if they knew what homeopathy was.
i had a couple friends over (a rarity for me) and was stressing out getting shit sorted for bed and dessert and whatnot.
out-of-control group yields little usable data
i live with roommates and they want me to take out the kitchen garbage.
home-schooled student opens fire on breakfast nook
so i just moved into my new place about a month ago.
in the middle of the day on a saturday, we hear from a mutual friend that he needs help setting up for a yard party.
subwoofer worth the horrible credit rating
we specifically chose a day time screening on a weekday because the retail park the cinema is in is always fully packed at weekends.
also call animal shelters from the next towns over but repeatedly got no response or was told they couldn't take the dog.
area mother doesn't see why thai people need to make food so spicy
chance the rapper clarifies he from chicago
i am hesitating to message her if everything went okay, or if something went wrong.
fish species not seen since 1960s thinks it can waltz back into marine biologist's life just like that
kc and kenny first broke up half a year ago, i found him screaming at kc with her in a fetal position, completely hysterical.
trump insists manafort, assange only discussed how bad collusion is
jerry falwell: is that guy a dick or what?
so she went alone, i feel bad about not being there for her in a time of need, but this situation is not out of the ordinary at this point, and i know she can handle it.
she got very angry and told me i was being passive aggressive.
supreme court told to take down tip jar
at this point i asked her what would happen to the guy that hit me, repeating a couple times that i hope that he wasn’t going to get in too much trouble for what happened.
we didn't text as much as we used to, so i asked him about it and our relationship.
egyptian populace to hopefully get something better than democracy out of all this
he says yes, and i stay over, but nothing happens, although there are some tender and intimate moments.
poll shows majority of americans can't blame congress for the shutdown, not with those adorable faces they can't
the day of the final comes around and i get to the exam room and i see him and he avoids me for a bit and when i walk up to sit down, i pass by him and i called him a snake for not sending the things.
but i do see how strongly the wife feels about having a rifle in the house and at the end of the day that’s enough reason to not get one.
this seems to be the type of behavior that addicts engage in, and i'm just not sure i can stomach it.
so cut to tonight, my gf and i are laying in bed and i pull up my phone to check facebook in front of her, to check out memes and shit, and i go over to the search bar to search for a meme page.
report: nazi treasure hunters following more realistic retirement plan than 86% of country
i always knew how lucky i was that she was willing to take on these responsibilities, but i never realized that she was bitter about it.
i want to buy him something that will encourage him to get out of the house.
aita for not letting cars merge into my lane?
i reply and say “if someone called me human, and i found that offensive, would that be sexist?” (stupid example, i know).
again a great suggestion if not for the fact that it was just under bonedry (the state in which clay becomes it's hardest and most fragile until fired).
natural light very important to local man
however he does have some baggage and can be a little reactive (barking, lunging) on the leash when other dogs or unfamiliar men run at him.
when she finally was leaving, a lightbulb turned on in my head and i realized how awful i was treating her.
so we had one of the shittiest conversations of all time, and i spent most of it defending myself and cursing him out on the side.
aita for not hating my family for being involved in organized crime.
shortly before christmas we decided to have a break and stop seeing each other for some time.
she would be my preference every time.
the rest feels like a chore.
she bet all her points on the final and ended up with 0 so i didn't lose.
is it going to hurt you to give up your place for a child?
background: i moved to the states 4 years ago and started living with my cousin and her boyfriend.
custody battle sparks couple's first-ever interest in child
convulsing teen bleeding from eyes, nose thinks he can feel the synthetic weed kicking in
my father joins in, yelling at me for being an ungrateful prick and eventually threatens to throw me off the car.
report: detroit bankruptcy might transform city into some kind of hellish, depopulated wasteland
i like chicken from pizzahut, the chicken in the shape of a ball.
report: this just the 30th wake-up call woman needed
i also didn't get her anything, i was debating myself about it becuase i asked my dad if he wanted anything and he said no, asked my mom and she said no (until i was in china and asked for silk pillowcases from there, which i couldnt find and told her, she said no worries), my aunt never asked anything from the past and they have been doing better than my family in finances.
not to mention the fact that she straight up asks for anal sex.
i had to wait on hold for 30-45 mins to get the actual number, then had to wait on hold for another 45-60 mins before getting a person that could take down my complaint.
also i am in no way making this decision for her, forcing her to do anything, or trying to go over her head to the vet somehow.
they are just regular cups, and it was an accident.
it was genuinely the happiest i've been in a while.
gasoline still inexplicably cheaper than milk
coworker insists on describing entire plot of old spice commercial
plan b releases new heart-shaped tablets for valentine's day
friendly cashier persona briefly dropped to address trainee
i can barely sleep right now because i just realized i’ve been bullying a kid who might have autism for the past month or so.
but like i said i always wanted to support her and support her passions so i never really objected or made an issue of it.
most people have a tendency to sit in the middle lane or the left so i find the right to be the most open.
but it has been fine so far.
white sufficiency movement asserts whites right up there with other races
apple announces new trade-in offer for customers to exchange their old iphones for absolutely nothing
her parents argument was that she should have just left it at her presents from them being donated, not both ways.
this infuriated me because my whole life i have been carrying so much bullshit from them so i exploded.
kavanaugh sobering up after 35-year bender shocked to find out he's supreme court nominee
i'm really trying not to be a controlling boyfriend and try to understand her pov but it is just infuriating to me that she always does this.
long-silent facebook friend comes out of woodwork with post asking about insulating windows
kathryn bigelow - first woman to win oscar for best directress
the problem is, we found out a while ago (before they got close) that she had sent nude pics to my friend’s friend (the two of them didn’t have any relationship).
saying the m-word may have been a mistake.
then she realized that she left the 7up off of it and added it on.
as we drove past the plaza on the way back to albuquerque she even said "he look, it's the plaza...we should stop!" because i'm an idiot it didn't clue me in what she was talking about and i was the good computer engineer and said something like "no, no we have a schedule to keep, work tomorrow!" so the whole way home she was that kind of like mad/sad and wasn't really talking to me.
either the entire branch takes a pay cut plus a loss of bounses and we keep everyone, or he fires seven people who are redundant keeping everyone where they're at.
i'm not engaged with everything she discusses and i bullshit everything.
he told me he'd call the police (who never showed) and talk to management.
'get tivo' friend's solution to everything
older cousin thinks it about time to have uninformed sex talk with area 8-year-old
45-year-old loser moves in with parents
after a while i told her that i either want her full trust or none.
*pulls his 3ds out of his bag* m: *looks at the 3ds and him* er....no f: *blank stare* why not?
she told me i should've made the kids help with the housework if it's too much for me, but i think that would've taken away from our fun week together.
pelosi: 'we must fight even harder against trump's authoritarian impulses now that we've voted to enable them'
should i be hanging out with the kid?
(cross post from r/self) (i think i already know the answer, but am still shopping for opinions) i have not explicitly asked him to stop being friends with the ex, let's call him...
i also worked with his mum (how we originally met) so i know her pretty well and know how their family works and it is very similar to mine.
i just wish to be alone right now, so i traveled out to see my mom and i've been staying at her place for a week.
they were so happy to see me, and they were cute!
science-fiction novel posits future where characters are hastily sketched
we were planning on meeting sometime soon (she lives around 100miles away from me) so we sorted our schedules out and she bought a train ticket to visit me for three days.
him still being alive is too good for what damage he has caused in his time, as well as what could still possibly happen.
until last week, i'd only had private conversations with a couple people about miriam being at the center of it.
around 10 a.m., i hear sex noises.
man surprised to learn high school classmate became completely different type of fuckup
i reached out and placed my hand out and said, "occupied!" nothing.
recently the oldest one told my mom that santa wasn’t coming to their house this year because they were bad.
she asked to keep it and i said no.
kick my company out, call off of work (i was supposed to go back two hours later) and am at her house within 45 minutes.
authorities investigating suicide determine victim really went for it
anyway, the hookup thing was fine, but nothing special, so i did what i normally do, i thanked her for the night, and sent her some generic texts, and sort of started disappearing.
joel siegel 'absolutely loved' dream he had last night
aita for saying "i didn't have time to miss you" when i was double studying med school?
this afternoon i visited my friend's house to have some snacks and play some call of duty.
the most feeling i can muster about this is that he was unlucky.
the three of us are people of color.
he is 41 and still buys toys for himself :))) god forbid you leave money out, you will find him with a new supreme key chain or some shit.
tldr: me(27f) and my so(27m) went on a double date and it was just okay, he thinks we should try again i think it’s not gonna change anything.
area woman not a morning, afternoon, or night person
while i have not publicly announced that i have donated, i still feel like i did it for recognition to some degree, given the personal urge to discuss this (even when making this post i feel this is me asking for recognition) what i am asking is should i feel like an asshole for feeling this way?
ethicists worry emergence of designer babies might make them look really ugly in comparison
i have a higher threshold for security than her.
so reddit, i genuinely need an answer here: was i the asshole in this situation?
my mom knows how much i love them and offered to buy them for me on her way home from work.
she was telling him about the stuff she was upset about and was literally crying, which i don't understand, because she is the type who basically never cries.
state bird reconsidered after latest wren attack
fantasy baseball team suffers major setback as owner embarks on weeklong honeymoon without internet access
man with 20 rifles can't remember if his goal to start or stop violent overthrow of government
i already knew the building, but never saw the apartments from the inside, and when i saw it, i absolutelly didn't like it.
enchanted necromancer brings life back to once-dead argument
kendra and this girl were good friends and had a feud recently which has caused them to no longer speak.
japanese family puts aging robot in retirement home
a place that i've always wanted to go and have the time of my life.
could go either way, but i'm probably the asshole.
nation's dads announce plans to trade in the dodge for something with a little more zip
nra visits colorado police evidence room to check up on rifle used in planned parenthood shooting
she just answered "work stuff honey" and smiled.
the titanic scenario: could it really happen?
report: only 20 minutes until introverted man gets to leave party
*pointing to phone open on snap chat glowing in her hand* -again my son run off so i followed him because i’m a parent and my child comes first.
when i came in i told her “that was a really horrible thing that you did, and i’m not talking until you apologize”.
i told her that i was aware that wasn’t her fault that the water got shut off and wasn’t mad at her, but that it resulted in my wife and i having a really poor experience.
in future i'm going to try and build friendships that are just based on us liking each other, not doing anything as a team where we're requiring each other to be good at our roles.
(i'm sorry for my bad english and grammar, english isn't my first language) (i also haven't been on reddit in about a year so this may or may not still be a problem)
she was so happy, i gave her the present in front of our entire family.
nothing is going to happen to me.
(the next day after the assignment my one friend which i really like and almost never got problems with (i'll call him r) comes back so i naturally thought about switching pairs) i brought a piece of paper that day when we needed to say our teams, so the the teacher could write it down.
saying:" you dont know what i've been through" the rest of it was repetitively finding more creative ways to call me a snowflake cuck faggot.
parents formally announce transfer of expectations to second child
fox news intern fetching coffee tells herself this will all pay off when she trump's secretary of state one day
i just try to push her in the direction or doing the considerate thing.
i haven't ask her to change it back yet but i'm planning to.
i feel like i'm doing what i'm supposed to do.
seymour hersh uncovers new thing too sad to think about
paul allen to leave $10,000 to everyone who shares this post
he scoffed and rolled his eyes.
and he’s right in a way.
(not something i object to in concept, just means it affects the main issue i brought up here).
and i've vowed to never talk to her again.
area woman didn't say that; you said that
pizza hut's new pizza lover's pizza topped with smaller pizzas
(nsfw for mentions of sexual habits.) i need to vent.
this morning however she texted me saying "don't buy anymore furniture until we move in together" i had no plans to buy anymore furniture and this is the first time i've bought new furniture since she and i have been together so its not like i buy a lot of furniture.
family comforted by thought that man's death will prevent others from climbing war memorial to pretend to fuck horse
while i do work quite a few hours, it's low salary, and i pay for other things for myself already.
few days ago a box came in from my ex.
i get a little harsh with her sometimes, criticizing her, and sometimes complaining about her to my parents or behind her back.
last night shit really begins to hit the fan, as my brother buys his third copy of the same star wars game, and my dad agrees to get him gta v (he hasn't bought it yet), which he rejected when i asked him a few months prior.
&#x200b; "am i the asshole" for laying into this guy really, really hard over the phone for dashing our plans two days beforehand, and not having the stones to tell us about it until the day before--- then trying to get us to buy something else from his lot?
ron paul promises to return when country needs him most
devin nunes threatens defamation lawsuit after reputation ruined by his official twitter account
but now things have changed 3 weeks ago i started talking hr and she told me that she and gb broke up because reasons.
we haven't had sex yet, we're both virgins.
but the fact that she couldn't admit that this guy did something wrong.
and i always ended the conversation with "and if you have any questions just ask for theodore, i'll be there." i lived in that apartment for 2 years.
isis adds few violent white supremacists in bid to get u.s. to rescind terrorist designation
guidance counselor reminds self-mutilating drug user about sat deadlines
then one - two hours later he feels well enough to sit.
my argument was that people who work in the service industry (which i have in the past, btw) are exposed to all sorts of illnesses all the time.
they put me down constantly always telling me and my brother that we are useless and comparing us to other people.
i see how that can happen, and aside from the obvious risks, that isn’t the problem i had.
but she said she just isn't interested in it.
we should have enough compassion for others to say "adoption will be my first choice, or at least higher on my list of options than a last resort because there are children in need".
penis enlargement pills tested on dog
turns out he does want to go and my other cousin sends him on a wild goose chase to leave us alone.
i plan to restrict the gaming to the weekends and free time when school starts.
in any case, i just started a new job and this guy works in my department.
tom snyder returns to the sea
then i found out he is still regularly hanging out with pablo.
aita for not wanting to be around a child to start off, i am a 27 year old single white male and i found out i got a woman of a different race pregnant.
it’s not really a thing i can empathize with, as i never get so tired that i fall asleep while texting someone.
catching up on 2 seasons of 'house of cards' depressingly manageable
i start to really like ivanna (she's hot af and has an amazing ass) but like more ass a friend not like gf or anything and ruslana starts to get really fucking pissed.â this is where im at a crossroad.
in comes this young kid with a drink/milkshake or something running towards me.
he refused to go because he said it was a waste of money and that he didn't want to hang out with "rich kids", but i think he just didn't want to be separated from his friends, so in my opinion it is fair, as he had the option to do the same as his sister.
exasperated huckabee sanders reminds press corps that children under 14 can't feel pain
nation's fact-checkers confirm they'll probably wrap up evaluating trump's statements by 2050 at latest
i tried to avoid it and said good things about her and tried to move the convo on.
and what do i like about her.
new texas legislation would require whiskey bottles to be shot out of air immediately after being emptied
i know nothing about the mother.
one night while watching the castlevania show on netflix, things got a.bit more heated than usual.
they look great with all my clothes, and i really enjoy wearing them.
i would understand if they had kids together, but there is nothing tying them together.
who is this mindless meathead trying to tell me what to do?) when he came back around and saw it, he told us we had to leave immediately and that if we came back and done it again then we would be banned from his location.
mike pence clearly went to ash wednesday services dozens of times
man points out town where he threw up
lingerie-wearing boehner: 'we still have a very pretty speaker of the house'
more than we deserved to get, lemme tell you, for that old 2003 rust bucket of hers.
study finds expressing anger in unhealthy ways actually incredibly satisfying
the other friend said that my close friend probably feels more comfortable with me and thinks that she doesn't have to shower me with gifts or anything to prove our friendship.
aita for agreeing to a long distance relationship?
it’s been eight months since i purchased the membership for her and i’ve seen no results.
i tell her they aren't there and she proceeds to snap more telling me she only doing her job and that she would write down her name, her job title, and the number for me.
to start i did not cheat.
i was soon whisked away by my family to eat dinner.
you subtly called me a liar because i photoshopped something which made me think you don't trust me 2.
but now i feel like my family fucked me over and i only have my friends.
46-year-old spinster dies surrounded by cats
today, i finally said something about it.
postmodern architect unveils 7-story found-art object
i am kind of taken a back by this because she loves her current job but trying to be a supportive bf i say 'ok sweetie if that is what you want to do then follow your dream'.
i offered to help because i have the resources to do so.
hungover man horrified to learn he made dozens of plans last night
aita for yelling at her and grounding her?
three years later and she is still with the guy.
like instead of waiting why can't i just run by myself and get them now (it's one block away).
i just don’t want to rat out my brother.
especially towards my parents and aunts.
for my dear old gramps i got a few woodworking chisels and stuff because he loves to do a lot of wood turning, but i also needed new chisels for some of my personal projects.
i’m wondering why this is getting downvoted.
new report finds americans most interested in science when moon looks different than usual
i understand if i'm playing music late at night (when we have quiet hours after 10pm on weekdays and 12am on weekends) or during finals week/hell week i turn it down.
unfortunately, most of the computers were occupied by my peers except for one which was occupied by a random woman.
'yes, but how did he die?' ghoulish american public asks of recent celebrity death while rubbing delicate, bony hands together and smiling thinly
this went on for months it got really bad, because it was an all day, every day thing.
justice scalia endorses new easton gaveling gloves
secondly, i’ve been reading a lot comments asking what our night schedule is currently and wanted to clear that up...
area woman dumped on 15-week anniversary
fiancee agreed that we would sleep together tonight, but feels like i'm being unreasonable by insisting that we sleep in the same bed and that she not sleep in the same bed as any of her friends whenever i'm there.
if you're not aware of what a tabletop game is, think dungeons & dragons - people sitting around a table and telling a collaborative story, with one person as the dungeon master who controls most of the action (that's me, in this instance).
basically we pay for our daughter's schooling first and foremost because we made the promise to her first, and i want my husband to tell his son the bad news because he was the one that promised him something neither of us could deliver.
beyond trying to call me once (i didn't hear it cause my phone was off).
so, reddit, you were all right.
backup spatula always ready to go in case the unthinkable happens
i showed him around when he first started here, and we became friends quickly, often having lunch together and playing video games on the weekend.
fox news reporter asks the questions others are too smart to ask
i myself can be an offensive joker.
i think i fell in love with her during that time, but i was unsure whether i should confess since i felt our friendship might suffer if my feelings turned out to be one-sided.
we keep to ourselves for the most part, but a and i have kept up to date with each other.
dog costumed to create illusion of sports-team preference
'i was the one who slept with stormy daniels,' says sonny perdue in desperate attempt to serve as trump's fall guy
having met this guy's mum, we were both pretty sure that she would say yes and all would be well, but just in case, i told b that if there was no other option i would pick her up and take her home (her job is about 40 minutes away from me, so i was really hoping it wouldn't come to that).
and if i will do everything it takes to prevent it from hurting my friend who was abused.
at this point we just kept talking about how bad it was that he got 63rd place.
she looked back and saw the mom shouting and my self-satisfied grin.
mitt romney still thinking about running for president in 2012
she texted back thanking for the opportunity and being very grateful.
miranda even said that they'd be splitting the cost of everything.
after that they asked me if i would feed my dog a vegan diet and i said yes, as long as i don't see them getting unhealthy/having problems with it.
media company looking for ways to get rid of veteran 24-year-old employee
restaurant patrons rapidly losing faith parents going to do something about 4-year-old
the trip was barely spoiled by any of this and we did have a really great time together.
she puts on the heaviest case, constantly changes her screen protector, and never lets anyone borrow it.
aita for calling out my brother, his girl friend, and my mother hypocrites for their parenting choices?
he looked shocked and i quickly made sure to make myself scarce.
when they told me they were going to buy my sister's car off of her i immediately thought they were going to then sell it to me, but i was wrong.
row of dusty playstation 2 games continues reign at top of book shelf
25 million onion social users run into glorious flames of headquarters in hopes of using website one last time
bush, loafers thrown at him reunite on nbc for 10-year anniversary special
when she brought this up to me i said let's speak about it in person.
my college dorm has 6 washers and only 4 dryers.
cameron crowe to release only soundtracks
he comes home and acts like we’re dating and i made it to where i didn’t let him touch me or call me honey anymore and he slept on the couch for about a week before he came home drunk one night and came into my room and threw himself on me.
after our blowout, him punching the tv and each of us yelling at each other, the next day he acted like nothing happened.
i moved in with my late grandmother (rip) about 3 years ago when i transferred to a college in the city i currently live in.
wal-mart shoppers mocked by target shopper
as long as the relationship works for both of us i see no reason to end it.
nation admits there could be a little less porn
aita for getting angry with my female friend for bragging about she likes to send nudes to her friends and gets them back.
depressed businessman takes 16 power naps a day
forgetful karl lagerfeld inadvertently starts lobster-bib trend
after spending 4 hours cleaning everything, i announce/decide that i cannot fucking have this cat in my life anymore, and that i will be seeking to rehome him asap because i'm not mentally equipped to deal with this kind of behavior.
police use exact right amount of force to subdue suspect
single document engulfed in coworker's 50-page printout
the truth is, i created over 30 alts and used multiple vpn services to spoof my ip address.
fast forward to today where i decided to talk to the people i talk to who were once in any type of sexual relationship with me.
aita for leading on a boy from a foregin country alright based on this title, it seems obvious that i’m a girl, but i’m actual a guy.
i would be pissed at me if i was him.
he's always talking about his ex or how sad he is or how drunk he is.
rookie told to ease up on crime-scene tape
3 hours later gf shows up and acts like nothing was wrong, no apology.
to me, that time is supposed to be accrued for when you're really sick and out of sick days, for holidays together, for a chance to go home and see our families that now live 2500 miles away.
he essentially was just sorry i reacted.
complete psychopath meets proper screen time, sleep, exercise guidelines
i did forget to grab his clothes last week.
my engine was straining because the car was a pos.
the other player agreed with the first player that i am an asshole.
jim jordan spends hearing demanding michael cohen accept blame for covering up sexual abuse of ohio state wrestlers
biden pardons single yam in vice presidential thanksgiving ritual
terrifying server whole-heartedly cares about guests' dining experience
&#x200b; &#x200b; edit 3: when ya'll comment do you actually read the post?
wibta for calling the police to file a noise complaint here?
woman who drinks 6 cups of coffee per day trying to cut down on blue light at bedtime
i kept telling her to drink water and assured her that we were just waiting on my husband so we could leave.
she said it was because she was ugly.
man with new 40-disc cd changer needs 18 more cds
this morning all hell breaks loose when my other little brother and i learn that my first little brother is not only buying the 200usd controller that i asked for in july, but he's also buying a ps4.
he and the other person made it sound like they genuinely want me dead.
ninja edit: sorry if this isn't the right sub.
we recently moved due to unforseen circumstances.
she even let me talk to her sister (although she did tell her sister that i was n, and her sister figured out from my voice that i was not him) who agreed to come over to my place too!
now, he refuses to try to quit because he says he is still grieving, which is understandable, but i am not ok with him smoking indefinitely and i am at the point where i feel his smoking is negatively affecting me and our son.
corey flintoff unleashes sonorous, pleasantly modulated string of obscenities
but now we’re fighting on our differences in opinions on this.
brief moment of lucidity called panic attack
vengeance-minded glacier just biding time until next ice age
later, everyone's drinking coke and i shake in a whole lot of it so when she drinks it, she throws up.
i was completely over it and honestly wanted to beat up that kid myself.
media urged not to release names of any more presidential candidates in effort to prevent copycats
so, aita for sticking around to chat for a few minutes instead of bailing on my partner?
new employee doesn't understand that's where zack sits
victoria's secret releases sexy black lace sleep apnea mask
community vastly improved by tv station's caring
i introduced myself to this girl because i was interested, asked her out because i liked her, and believed her because i had feelings for her.
immediately after giving us the money, and with both of us as witnesses, the sister said not to worry about paying her back, but ***whenever we had saved up the money to pay her back, use the money instead to build a fence in our backyard*** to keep the dog penned in so he doesn't get hit again.
man's food poisoning could realistically be traced back to any meal from past week
5 states to decide whether to legalize marijuana or continue honoring god
one of my friends that i have in class with me, we’ll call her m, was talking about her dungeons and dragon’s campaign she was playing with a few other friends from our school.
i tried again to explain the situation, but he kept interrupting me and screaming that it was his lottery ticket, and his money.
since we lived in a dorm, it was sometimes inconvenient to buy pods.
but i’m just torn if i should just stay out of it, or help a potentially oblivious guy out.
i did not hear this, and while i enjoy their company, i can be embarrassed by them, but i never let them know because that’s a dickish thing to do.
paul ryan grudgingly impressed by angry protester who's matched his running pace for 9 miles
breaking: situation worsens in venezuela, bolivia, u.s., japan, mexico, iraq, spain
alex jones struggling to convince skeptical police after witnessing actual murder in neighbor's backyard
some of you may know of off-shoots such as townofsalem.
b had been starting to get on my nerves for a while now.
yes, this white woman is a racist idiot.
i share a front stoop, plus one unit on each of our sides, so 4 units split over a building.
see it turns out that m had been storing his dirty dishes on a bottom shelf near his bed, and his clean ones on the bottom of the night stand, and he claims i should have known they were dirty as they weren’t under his nightstand.
u.s. defense secretary: 'i am in love'
i was irritated that we got little explanation.
i keep bringing this up as the problem but it just gets brushed off.
bernie sanders clearly in pocket of high-rolling teacher who donated $300 to his campaign
last time one of them talked to me was to ask me to hangout but i have work almost every day, and they aren't the type of people to make plans in advance.
if you didn’t want this, then you should have flown and not caught a bus.
pretty much a direct consequence of number one, but i feel like it's important enough to be mentioned.
discarded banana peel results in tragicomic tableau
masters in writing fails to create master of writing
democrats could lose up to 8,000 seats in upcoming midterm election
so i am renting a room from someone who rents her whole house out to cover her living expenses.
8-year-old boy surprises marine dad during firefight in afghanistan
but she didn't want to go to this event in the first place and has tried to rope me into it from the beginning.
then i drive back to school on a monday, and thats my week.
amazon reaches 1 trillion labor violations
two days later i read her entry about that night and found out in the process that mutual friend had confided in her that he was gay.
he is flippin' 32 years old.
teacher grading papers next to you on plane not pulling any punches
rick perry apologizes for trying to outdo fellow cabinet members by using $72 million of taxpayer funds on lampshade
ok." and saying they want to physically fight me!
obviously retrospectively, probably should have sought medical help -- but we were teenagers, we didn't want to get in trouble, i had seen this before, and figured as long as we could keep him safe and wait it out he would return to reality.
there are many other ways i could have handled the situation, i will be communicating with her in a more efficient and sensitive manner in the future instead of treating her like someone who can't think for herself.
puerto ricans without power for month can only assume this leading story across national news media
old friends from high school meet up every year to say names of former classmates
but the truck nearly t-boned me because we went at the same time.
they respond with “yeah, but you can take care of dogs that already exist, you’re harming the environment by creating more puppies.” then they start saying that you have to inject the dogs with sex hormones and force them to have sex, and i just say “well i didn’t do research on that, i was just gonna wait for one to be in heat and then see what happens.” they laugh at me and say clearly i haven’t.
i missed her about a year ago and reached out.
archaeologists unearth earliest known shithole located super far from everywhere
i felt extremely guilty about it.
she wanted to have an abortion but as a christian i felt that this was against my beliefs (btw i’m not pro-life, i feel like the option to abort should be there for people that don’t believe what i do but this is what i thought was right for my child).
fear factor creator's will: 'heirs must eat my ashes to collect inheritance'
so i'm 17 in my senior year and im doing my colleges apps and all of that.
stock-photo model scout sees something special in man in business suit crossing arms
letters are hard to keep track of, so let's call him "that guy" (dnd players, you will see why if you read on).
after i actually look at previous power bills you can see the amount due adding up and rolling over every month.
non-dominant hand completely botches nail clipping job
elon musk embarrassed after realizing he proposing idea for thing that already exists
frat brothers draw all over pledge who passed away at party
i feel absolutely terrible since it’s kinda like i’m cheating on my girlfriend in my head but mostly because my brain basically wants to keep this poor girl to myself without ever cutting ties with my gf.
&#x200b; then there was the fact our final group project pretty much devolved into "lord of the flies".
my work is much the same way.
she left and i didn't hear from her until today - she wanted my help to "fill in blank spots" in her memory.
i have a crush on my coworker because he's there for me more than my husband is.
i'm generally pretty lax about my teams hours, so long as they get the work done, but missing this meeting counts towards not getting work done, as far as i'm concerned.
asian tsunami, hurricane katrina, kashmir earthquake battle for natural disasty award
she stated that i had tried to convince her three times, with the first being the time i mentioned, the second i'm not being sure about but i believe it was a conversation we had a few days earlier about relationships and me asking why she didn't like me before (she stated she saw me as a friend and didn't want to ruin that).
love, a person who was dewrinkling a blazer for a job interview." sure, if i had know that, i would have left it.
justice scalia dead following 30-year battle with social progress
they sent out an officer who took my info and statement and he was able to look up the vehicle’s owner from the tag.
when this came out i of course believed a and tried to help a through it.
man reserving judgment on best actress nominees until looking at all 5 pictures
at the time people were suspicious but i and a few others knew he had a history of domestic abuse and was in and out of the hospital.
**tl;dr -** premature daughter in neonatal icu following c-section 3 months before anticipated, with maternal complications including intraoperative anesthesia awareness and leg neuropathy requiring \~1.5 months for functional recovery.
something like 9 years ago she spent under a year being partners - her first sexual partner - with this guy while they were in my country's armed forces.
edit: the party was two dudes (one being me) and two girls.
but it was obvious it was during our video chat that night.
she was crying, and telling me that someone was threatening to send her nudes to other people and she didn’t know who it was.
10-year-old yelling at mom to watch cannonball while she's trying to scope out younger men at pool
it usually takes a few hours to calm me down and talk me out of suicide or self harm...but it should be worth it, yknow?
i learnt later on that she had skipped dinner just to talk to me.
new anti-drug program teaches teens to resist psychiatrist's constant pressure to use drugs
report: rise in global temperatures likely to increase number of americans who fucking reek
&#x200b; me: i'm sorry you feel that way, all i did was express myself.
terrier bravely defends family from squeak
my boyfriend has time and time again showed me that he is not a romantic person.
i haven’t seen these friends in months, so i wanted to reconnect with them, but my then-girlfriend got pissed at me for going and broke up with me so i’m wondering if i’m an asshole here.
area dad stares longingly at covered grill in backyard
he is a geniune asshole and very few people like him, not even his own mother likes him.
high school freshman thinks 'romeo and juliet' might just be her favorite play
am i really messed up in the head?
stanford students admit it was pretty obvious billionaire's dog didn't get in by itself
she has a history of cheating, and cheated on anyone she has dated, myself included.
for context, it’s four straight guys - all fairly liberal and got no problems lgbtq (including myself).
stepmom doesn't expect kids to call her stupid bitch right away
now according to m i left the fridge ajar, while i am indistent that i closed it, but either way he ended up throwing out my pizza because he believed they would have gone bad.
but was i in the wrong, should i have just waited until the police finally did something?
in the end, we agreed it would be better to split up, and have him be with this other girl.
&#x200b; the night i had a hysterical fit (because this seems more appropriate) over discord, my boyfriend told me i was apologizing to them but just telling me that i was just forcing my apology over them and they were having none of my bullshit.
at one point in my life she demanded i call her ma'am.
chinese takeout restaurant has seen man at his worst
overall, he’s a great person and i hope that we can stay friends, despite what happened.
and that’s what leads us to today, maybe it was the pizza incident, or just me being exhausted from finals, but it’s been over a mo th since my roommate has washed the dishes, and they are still piled on his bottom shelf next to the bed.
she currently lives on the border of virginia and maryland, and i live up near new york city.
melania trump: 'my fat piece-of-shit husband who should go kill himself needs to stop bullying people online'
but he kicked it right in the head, at full force.
she believes herself to be deformed and scarred.
excited mike pence assures john mccain he has his 'last rites' kit ready to go just in case
i've tried headphones, radio, white noise machines etc...
scientific breakthrough reveals stars consist primarily of twinkles
back in freshman year i was 5"7 and really fat, and this one kid used to always cup me in front of my friends or whenever he saw me but then the next year i had a growth spurt or something and i was 6"3 200 pounds and he tried to do it again but i grabbed his arm and twisted it really bad and everyone started to laugh at him for backing up.
edit again: not would i be the asshole for cheating, am i the asshole for thinking that?
so i didn't want to break up with her, because it wasn't her fault, it was me, not her.
new roomba blender makes smoothie out of everything in its path
warm approach of potential new friendship just street canvasser again
meghan markle's college friends stuck at table with sickly habsburg cousins
every time i’ve tried to be friendly she shuts it down and gives me no time of day.
i’m just overall nervous and would rather not be in this type of situation.
it takes me 45 minutes by bus to get to this class, and the bus goes once every hour.
she came in really loud, slamming the front door to grab something from her room and said “*oh shit she’s in there*”.
new bug spray forces insects to see people as human beings with feelings
wibta for apologizing to my ex?
cnn producer on hunt for saddest-looking fuck with convention button collection
you did not say that they were scared.
i am not that great of a writer so please bear with me as i try to start this out.
i never have people come over after school either cause they don’t understand.
teen crafting marketable persona in garage hoping to one day win grammy
report: you're supposed to tip supermarket cashiers, you son of a bitch
cranky businessman quieted for entire trip with brightly colored cell phone game
we've been together for two years.
the cops were not my friend that night.
so am aita for giving walmart a chance and then promptly walking away when they couldn't provide the service i needed?
i also really do like her, as much as it may sound like i don't, and enjoy all the time we spend together.
so my girlfriend asked me recently what i thought about her looks.
everyone in this gas station knows me and my order, i have shown my id there on multiple occasions to the point were no one cards me anymore.
i love it here, and me and my family own the building jointly.
fast forward a few weeks ago, s is now dating l and it is very weird to me and i don't like it one bit.
i'll go, but honestly i've sort of lost any enthusiasm about hanging with her.
bush caught in one of his own terror traps
i haven't tried calling them though as i didnt wanna impose on them either so i only sent messages.
a few weeks before this we asked j if we could have the place to ourselves for a couple of days while my partner was here.
aita for getting a lot of students in trouble?
it wasn't my account so it they couldn't have fournd out that way but all my friends deny it.
me: there was no one there.
a hookup or a long-term, or play by ear), and all have said the "play it by ear" option.
now, it has to be said that she has been raised in a pretty oppressive family, that has never given her much space or freedom growing up, keeping her tied to some "rituals" forcefully, independently from their objective importance.
however, a majority of the time i will tell them that their papers are fine, even if i find multiple mistakes, because i just don't want to take the time to correct them.
the argument devolves into her saying i dont buy anything for the house and she has to cover everything, now we’re both mad at each other.
b and her people are way out of our league.
i'd have to pay 50% of the insurance for the car i think with my hours i could afford it and still have spending and saving money, however, what annoys me, is that i have no doubt they aren't buying this car for more than 3k, and i already have over 1k saved up, so why couldn't they just up sell the car to me.
it honestly felt like a larry david moment to me.
i ended up not getting the job offer.
i mean, we dated for 2 years and she just forgot me in a week and is already sending nudes to another guy, who is my own friend!
as a last resort i told her that i wasn't trying to be a dick but i wouldn't be able to work on any other computer.
geologists say continents may have drifted apart after emotional falling-out
area dad points out place that has great reuben sandwiches
aita for half jokingly telling my girlfriend that she should see a therapist because of her extreme fantasies?
but obviously law school is very difficult under the best of circumstances and it seems absolutely out of the question that she would get pregnant/raise a newborn while trying to go through this rigorous schooling.
i tried to get out of the conversation, but when i couldn't, i feigned obliviousness and sympathy.
clinton becomes first president to clear 18 feet in pole vault
we have a spare bed in the basement but she doesn't do too well with stairs and we have no railing.
guy who came in late not sure how much longer he should pretend to be frazzled
viewers annoyed episode of 'the bachelorette' interrupted just to announce person who will set back social progress 40 years
john kerry sits in shadows of kiev café awaiting woman known only as dasha
however, a few weeks ago my husband confronted me about potentially paying for his younger son's schooling as well.
like "why are you struggling, do you work, why aren't you trying to find a job instead of relying on people to be generous, etc".
it was harder to approach her, since i didn't know her friends, but i didn't let that stop me.
aita for requesting the mod team of a facebook to investigate the authenticity of a person whom they featured in their post?
however, his farewell party coincides with my girlfriend's work event.
saltless pretzel hangs alone in bulb-heated rack
so i thrust 1 clipper in her direction and tell her to get out of my face because she disrespected me.
bruce springsteen on fence about playing assad's birthday gig
library to display same tattered richard wright poster in honor of black history month
fast forwards a couple of months and i realize a lot of my friends don't speak with me any more, i ask a bunch of people and they all reply with being "dissapointed", but that i shouldn't speak with them.
in the morning i was ordering pizza and wanted to order two so asked him to pick toppings for the second one.
i haven't requested to look at them since.
so i know she knows who i am and who old i am.
they were very kind in talking about how they wants to fix this, steps they’d take in the future (a few i offered as tips), and why i was being placed low on the radar despite my original councilor being fired.
it is was fun bringing you over but now honestly i just want to sleep alone.
entertainment tonight host 'can't wait' to see new paramount pictures release
the girl kept yelling and was furious (understandably) and demanded to have it deleted (i deleted it) and to know who all had it.
study: 86 percent of world's soccer stadiums double as places of mass execution
sorry this is a bit late.
aita for considering cancelling my [33m] wedding with my fiance [31f] throwaway cause this account would be easy to find.
company to experiment with valuing employees
they told me that i was saying random things and that i started to act intoxicated.
though she told me that she likes tim only as a friend, because he's nice.
kc masterpiece ceo warns against society's increasing reliance on a1
aita for finding a loophole in a stores promotion to get free coffee a local gas station is doing a promotion where you get free coffee with any purchase of gas.
firefighters turned away from exclusive nightclub blaze
my gf and i (both late 20s) have been together for about a year and a half.
on our fridge, there was a small whiteboard that we would all write inside jokes on or other dumb shit from time to time.
my best friend is aware of all this and there isn't any ill will between us.
my mom buys these really good microwaveable personal pizzas.
also this eating healthy thing had only started earlier this week, we made tacos and pizza earlier this week.
doll-housing crisis set to worsen, mean older brother says
ryan chugs down rhino horn and bull semen shake for mid-debate boost
labor secretary horrified to learn some americans working jobs they do not truly enjoy
am i being totally insensitive here?
i swore and punched my wall in frustration (not very hard imo), then went and got the takeaway.
i immediately went to knock on their door to apologize and try to explain myself but before i could even knock the wife was out on the porch cursing me out claiming that i did it intentionally knowing they have a newborn that needs it's sleep.
sw: he's been at work for the last 20 hours.
my mom said he is and i said “well i don’t have my wallet” so she did.
am i an asshole for ghosting her?
gynecologists recommend taking time off between iuds to allow body to expel backlogged periods
aita for skipping my shift at work background: i work as a server for a wedding banquet.
now everyone was asking me if they could copy mine and i politely refused (i don't know if that makes me an asshole either).
aita for intentionally spilling soda on this lady?
i made sure to say this in the goofiest voice, so it couldn't be construed as me being serious.
epa reveals 37% of water waste nationwide caused by husky kids doing cannonball into country club pool
area man shocked to learn there is a butt-oriented magazine he was not aware of
anyways, one of my trusted teachers is on my volleyball team, so during morning practice i went to tell her and it turns out, these girls are telling that same teacher that i was talking shit about them, which i never did, btw.
he later team-killed me and abandoned the game.
i'd kick your ass!", so i walked out and he told me "watch your back".
i just think when someone says we can talk they mean it.
rock & roll hall of fame rescinds nomination after discovering the cure was voted in as cruel prank by popular kids
aita for making fun of my fwb for not making me come so i (24f) really like the guy (29m).
putting ice cream in bowl momentarily considered
he asked me several times, admittedly apologetically, if he should be worried about a relationship between his now ex and i but i flatly told him there was nothing going on and that i was just comforting her because she hadn’t taken the breakup well.
so she's fucking drenched and i'm kinda laughing.
thriving 'onion' puts another print edition out of business
i was appalled because at least to me, to make fun of a perfectly nice high school kid for being shy??
i am almost thinking about breaking up and trying to find someone else but i do love her.
not very good album takes a little while to get into
we talked the next day, and she told me what happened and that she wanted to get back together with me.
i was sitting in my last class of the day when i received a text from one of them.
he very easily could have died, and when he got to the hospital, he posted on his snap story that he was hit.
ken jennings mistaken for subway's jared again
on my commute home from work there is about a 1/2 mile line of cars to wait through for a stoplight.
middle couch cushion has clearly had harder life
i am also asexual and almost aromantic.
while i feel guilty about blowing up in the first place (i know it's hurtful and entirely my fault when these blowups happen), i cannot help but feel upset that he wants to stay with me but is not willing to help me work through my issues and just expects me to magically fix them overnight when i have been supportive of his problems and never made him feel inadequate about not being able to fix them overnight.
now she is upset with me because i pointed this out.
my friend and i decided to have a night out at a local club to celebrate her newfound job (shes been jobless for a few months) and just to have a good time in general.
new study finds people who sit for at least 5 hours each day are comfier
i took my friend to a movie and bought both of us tickets.
then i took apart the go pro and disconnected some cable so it didn’t work but wasn’t technically broken either.
she looks up recipes on websites, pinterest, and various different cooking outlets.
my family isn't exactly doing bad financially but i feel like i would rather spend my money on other things.
i never meant anything bad by it but it was just like “oh you fucked up?
filmmakers call vincent canby's life overlong, poorly paced
am i just trying to rationalize my wrongdoing?
i assume i was angry and said i didn't want her to stay, but i don’t remember what i said exactly because i forget these anger episodes (they are part of the condition i have and i was unmedicated at the time).
aita for asking my wife to ask my mother in law to apologize to me am i the asshole for asking my mother in law to apologize to me for barging in our bedroom middle of the night and pushing me off to bed during our little argument with my wife?
also, he really thought that we were going to spend our life together...
reason being that they're situation in the philippines isnt great because (a) they live in the really ghetto and dirty parts of the city, the baby has gotten mutiple fevers but luckily have all subsided.
touring raffi refuses to play 'shake my sillies out'
lack of sexual tension with coworker almost unbearable
340 million social security numbers obtained by federal government in massive personal data breach
the only thing i'm not sure about is how to do it.
she lived in a 2 bedroom apartment using a city government housing assistance program for low income individuals, so moving in with her was just a matter of filing a few papers saying that i was family.
this place is part of the museum/library in my city, and as such, often holds art exhibits.
when i moved in, he complained on the very first day about the noise my dog made as it barked at people passing by our window.
wibta if i confront my colleague about our overtime schedule.
she's trying to make me feel guilty or says she's upset that i won't go.
i have a lot of fun, but i'm also serious about it and i try to move up the ranks competitively primarily in fighting games.
aita or is my son overreacting for me taking a new woman on a cruise for thanksgiving?
* point 3: this was entirely unnecessary from the beginning.
i started writing some emails and i let them do their own thing.
a few weeks ago a guy on grindr sent me $50 for my dick pics, and i convinced my friend to send his too for $60 (win win, i finally got to see them too, and wow).
today i came back from shower, one of them came back too and opened the window.
aita for getting mad i wasn't invited to a birthday party i know this is a cliche and petty sounding basis of a story which, taken at face value, may have an obvious answer but i think you need to hear me out.
i have gone through some very difficult times within my family regarding my son and my step father and even posting online to my friends asking for support and help received nothing from her partner.
i pay 500 a month, everything included.
aita for accusing my friend of putting his discord server before his friends birthday party?
i have no idea what a severe allergic response looks like, but i know that it like swells up your face and for some reason, i thought it makes you cough a lot, i don't know why i thought that.) cutscene to now: i start kind of coughing, but assure him that everything is going to be fine.
nation's underfunded public education system to experiment with shortened 6-day school year
she says my idea is terrible and that i'm awful for considering it.
lifeguard getting pretty fed up with out-of-breath kid always hanging on lane line
so, my thought process is, "huh, this is awesome", but also "man, where did she learn this stuff, how many guys has she been with, do i want to date someone who is so "experienced"?
they don't offer any feedback at the end of the session, but immediately voice concerns to my friend in private, which he relays to me.
i haven't looked her in the eye since.
i'm still fucked and am indifferent about it, eventually he annoys me enough so i say fuck it let's go even though i'm still to high.
i should also add my personality is rather sexual however i know the limits.
she promised her family that she would stay home until at least 00:00 and i then said sure i’ll wait for you but now my bf invited me to a party that starts at 20:30 and i kind of forgot what i promised my best friend.
what bothers me the most though and what i would say the whole reason for me making a deal out of this is that this gift came from close relatives and the fact that my grandparents do not have much money.
now it's when things start to get heated.
clean-shaven, tuxedoed james holmes charms courtroom in latest appearance
my problem is that *i* know why i'm there.
report: causes of death getting less cool over time
result is obviously "too little, too late" since he is with someone new already.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: ok you just lost it.
we have no issue with our relationship, except with the relationship with one of my best friends (22f) who has been one of my closest friends for the past 10 years.
as a result, she wants to postpone starting our family until she gets her degree.
there's no point in talking about this incident with him now, but if the same thing happens in future, i can at least know whether my reaction is appropriate or not and can work from there.
i didn't ask for any payment for what i did do and he still holds it against me.
every year it snows and my neighbors have been very good at shoveling the sidewalk on front of their houses.
any type of noise usually throws me off and i can't focus at all, and have been irritated just living in my own house for the last two months.
this is my apartement (bought for some of the shitloads of inheritance money described initially), and i can do what i want.
my two other friends and my older brother drive him to a park / forest to get outside and away from people so we can wait it out until he comes back to reality.
aita for not letting my boyfriend play video games?
i got him really worried and he feared for my life.
american psychiatric association adds 'obsessive categorization of mental conditions' to 'dsm-5'
pope francis pursues sinner across vatican city rooftops
fires people on the spot if they show any disinterest in working there.
does me not looking make me an asshole?
i; felt that if he and his friends tease me, they shouldn't get upset if i teased them.
the movie nightcrawler comes to mind.
i refuse to pay out the ass for a kid i don't want, and i obviously won't and can't force the mother to get rid of the baby, or give it up for adoption.
i still would like to see you because you mean a lot to me".
fcc chairman overturns decision to cancel 'party down'
i'd say since the split our relationship has been very cold.
i’ve considered emailing her again and apologizing further, but talking to her now feels like a minefield.
maybe i'll pour boiling water on her while she sleeps.
i stand up and suddenly the girl in front of me turns around and starts yelling at me for falling alseep.
kavanaugh nomination falters after washington post publishes shocking editorial claiming he forgot daughter's piano recital
i was planning on finding out if she belonged to anyone, but then this conversation happened.
for this story i'll call my friend luke and his gf chell.
grandma still swallowing okay, grandpa reports
i don't know if its to the point where i'm an asshole or just making a bad decision.
sad 38-year-old googles 'jobs caring for baby animals'
national poetry month raises awareness of poetry prevention
i don't feel bad for the kid because she seems like the type to make a great mom and her family is financially and emotionally secure, meanwhile on my side i don't have family, my parents abused me so i left and my uncles and aunt's told me to fuck off when i needed them, so i don't have family.
anyway i bring her back to my place and we do the deed, and i manage to orgasm.
a few days later, i venmo requested jane and kevin -and everyone else on the trip- food charges that we had eaten and split among the group.
so, the gifts i know are coming and from who are labeled correctly.
at the time of our separation we had been trying to conceive for about a year.
bank patrons can expect same poor service after merger
now that the backstory is out of the way; my girlfriend said to me that she wants no obligations during her holiday a while back, and that she doesn’t want to have to take me to work.
that night at the after party while my friend was passed out i hooked up with her.
freezing, coatless woman has decided it is spring
pajama-clad child makes turbulent rampage through dinner party
man leaves position he would kill for 3 years from now to pursue dream job
me and my friend (lets call him jack black) both started to press the issue and in hindsight probably began to guilt trip people into re-thinking.
i eventually quit that job a few weeks later.
however one almost came to blows.
aita for not petting my cat as usual this morning?
nation did not see mark wahlberg's sex change coming
never been real scared of confrontation.
sexist media keeps only referring to woman as 'bride of isis soldier'
aita for not wanting to help mentally handicapped people every time i see any mentally disabled person getting extra help i get a rage of unquenchable heat.
obama still hasn't figured out how to adjust height of oval office desk chair
thumbtack on carpet still at large
the night before i was up late talking to s and telling her what i had planned for the next day.
hard lesson for a child to learn.
romney tailors nursing home visit to those who will still be alive on election day
she happily took my help and asked me to do the menu, programs and more.
aita if i get my husband a gym membership for his birthday because he’s obese?
report: 38% of road trips end with burying friend in shallow grave in desert
my son did something he wasn't supposed to and i yelled at him harsher than i should have.
i want to see her be successful, so i happily agree.
'fly, my pretties,' says jeff bezos releasing swarm of amazon drones to hunt down nude photos
what really pisses me off the most is that she doesn't ever seem to think she does anything wrong and seems incapable of apologizing for blowing up on me.
she also said that i was being greedy with asking her for money.
i'll be back for the weekend of christmas then gone again.
(raising tone of voice) *at least you're not a tub of lard like other girls i know.* cousin: aunt silvia!
opium-inspired ad executive composes epic tums jingle
we didn't fight much since it was pretty early on into the relationship, and i'm not really a contentious guy.
my mum comes to nag me twice more as i attempt to get everything packed.
to pretend otherwise is unhelpful and in poor taste.
'what's all this i'm hearing about people getting security clearances?' asks confused mike pompeo to white house staff avoiding eye contact
it's illegal to pass on the right, so while it would've been safer for him to do so, it was really \*my\* responsibility.
after i picked up my dad, we went back to the forest where we originally parked and waited for a bit, yelled his name, spammed his phone -- nothing.
comedy central celebrates one millionth airing of cheech & chong: still smokin'
whether he’s putting himself down, family points it out, my dad says i’m going to be a widow before we grow old, my friends ask me how do i even have sex (i’m 5’3” weight also fluctuates between 120-155 lbs over the years but many still call me petite for being a little soft meatball at 155), his friends encourage the weight gain while finishing a package of mega-stuffed oreos together, or again; my husband calls himself a fat pos.
through studying, my dad was trying !!!
rice krispie treat eaten in 8" x 8" square
edit: when i have cash i do tip them with that instead of food.
crazed, froth-mouthed mother demands grandchildren now
laptop really getting off from having both usb ports stuffed
you just have to get to know area jerk
i look back over to the car and all i see is the windshield is absolutely shattered to shits.
learned sage points out that powerball not as much after taxes
i only learned of her birthday two days ago.
new pepsi negative-220 burns twice the calories it contains
so in 2016, the administration decided to relax the dress code so that a student may wear anything that is formal and black/white/navy.
nation's dads treated to mark knopfler meet-and-greet
so my friend and i used to hang out after school online, playing games and stuff.
frustrated sycophant can't figure out what boss wants to hear
magical gallery transforms dull objects into art
it definitely made some of the people there uncomfortable.
panicking mark zuckerberg holds press conference explicitly welcoming armenian genocide deniers to facebook
'this will be the end of trump's campaign,' says increasingly nervous man for seventh time this year
i then texted matt, stacey, and tom in a group chat saying i would leave everything expecting them to venmo me back by the start of this semester.
restaurant's nacho challenge requires participants to watch man consume 3 pounds of nachos
we had to use a folding board and everything, i didn’t expect any customer who came in to be able or have the time or want to fold anything up as nice as management would make me do it.
it was a 2 1/2 hour flight and liquids can travel fast.
anyway, i need these nail clippers and i've been looking for them for a week.
she was calling me a whore only because her crush dude a liked me way better???
for a little backstory, my gf and i have been together for almost 4 years, living together for 3.
sometimes i do it, and sometimes i don't.
look and behold, some guy she is texting with is sending pretty graphic pictures of a dick way bigger than mine.
having heard of the car issue i asked her to consider if this was a good idea, even before she took his offer for the mba, but she said it was ok.
showerin' real good continues to top bridal style trends of 2017
so it’s not like he’s holding out hope that it will come back.
he explained that he isn't doing anything (which anyone would say whether they were cheating or not, and he has lied in the past) and that it just makes him uncomfortable.
football fan disappointed by 'super tuesday'
now a little backstory about my boyfriend, he’s a great guy the nicest person i ever met in my life and he gave me the time of day when i was at a point in my life where the sun never shined after getting discharged from the military for suicidal ideation.
it's a little annoying but i can live with it.
puzzled nation can remember name ferguson, but not sure from where
'nothing is more attractive than confidence,' says woman who has apparently never seen sonic the hedgehog cosplay
also we are no longer friends and i explain it politely as “we are just different people.” edit 2: thank you all for your responses.
granted, i did have a crush on him, so it might have seemed like i was trying to get with him, but i also wasn't opposed to us becoming platonic friends if we weren't a match romantically.
two-month freelance gig posted in 'careers' section of company's website
he will be the talk of the town before he even arrives and all of it will be held over me.
area man relieved to hear state of union still strong
isis recruiter excited to be talking to popular high schooler for once
aita for basically checking out of this thing me and her have because she cancelled, basically leaving it up to her with me just sort of going along with it.
i'd prefer not to have the topic discussed anyway.
they ask why i would do that and i tell them that i bought the drinks and they had no interest in buying the next round, so take it for what it is.
(this is a throwaway account) my former friend and i would play cs:go a lot, and recently he got mad at something i did in-game.
mccain blasts obama as out of touch in burma-shave-style billboard campaign
guy from the strokes accused of trying to look like guy from the strokes
bob dole to build 'trench to 19th century'
wibta for skipping the whole deal, considering my plate is paid for?
basically i know several people who say the are "bisexual" but never dated the same sex and it annoys me to no end, because why not just say you are straight or lesbian.
cash-strapped moviepass limiting new users to one movie filmed in ceo's backyard per month
i'm a full time college student btw, and i don't have that much saved up.
man honestly thinks he's going to get to bed early
myrtle beach resident refuses to evacuate from family's ancestral ron jon surf shop
he still insisted on not playing and i informed him that if friend 2 and friend 3 asked where he was i would tell them the reason.
after she said that she ignored me and my messages and still is.
i'm blake and this is my first time around on this sub.
this was capped off last night when they came to babysit while we went to my company’s christmas party, and as we were all dressed up and heading out the door, my mil called out to my wife for help because our son had a poopy diaper and she made us change it before leaving.
toy prepares child to one day pull around real telephone on wheels
new study finds being on cover of 'people' magazine best predictor of revealing all
woman mentally rifles through friends for perfect person to sympathize with current pettiness
however, a mutual friend brought it up in casual conversation, and my roommate completely flipped out when she found out.
soon after coming out he left the school for some horrible disease i forget the name of but it's not infectious so there's no excuse there.
she graduated college not that long ago and had a job that she really hated before this one.
this is pretty fresh as it's basically like nuclear fall out in this ski cabin were staying at and i'm just trying to hide out.
maya angelou thought she'd be invited to more white house stuff
if you're into that sort of thing, that's completely fine with me.
mike and nick were casual friends while i dated nick.
aita for getting a tattoo my so has a phobia to?
i have also asked him if he could move the date of his party, but he said a lot of people have already confirmed, so i didn't push further.
everyone more or less deals with his absence because one, he's one of the joint owners, and two, know him.
aita for almost exposing my mom's affair in front of my family?
at first he was really scared of people/dogs and now he’s over excited.
for all i know he is just trying to start drama.
she later snapchats me a photo of them watching the movie and i don’t respond.
zoologists: ape neurology much like that of banana-obsessed humans
i too had pretty severe social anxiety stemming from my asd, so i get she’s just not there.
i have no work experience so that doesn't really help.
again, this happens around once or twice a month.
i started buying nice shit, bought a benz a nice condo downtown a few nice watches took my boys on a few vacations.
wife came to me last month wanting a divorce.
my wife (k) and i are both professionals working in a big city.
now that i’m older, i hate not knowing much about her.
we just ended up not talking about it anymore currently visiting family for the holidays, and she scheduled a tattoo artist anyway.
'leaking sure is cool, huh, guys?' says disguised john kelly to white house aides
this should have been a man child red flag.
i really got it in there, it would be a bitch to clean up.
and no this time i will hand them over to get the money quicker.
he even told me himself he wanted me to be there because i am his closest friend.
the team captain said she had come up with an idea to help resolve the situation.
playtex unveils new line of quick-dissolving tampons
i thought it would be a fun good-bye and, as a bonus, i could see my family.
last month he called me and told me that he and his woman wanted to go to japan for christmas with my kids who are 10 and 13 and love japanese stuff.
i believe that i may have been a source of confort for jeff since i'm optimistic in a weird way.
mental hospital fire leaves hundreds of demons homeless
secretary of the interior meekly asks if there anything she can do to help stop isis
eliminate twelve people, including members of our bloated accounting department, and give everyone an unofficial raise next quarter when we get cost of living adjustments.
sadly, gift certificate to loews cinemas perfect gift for area man
i thought this time it would be different but i guess no, so that means something needs to change.
i had trouble finding people to help me move but my husband's brother who lives an hour away was willing to help if he could have the bedroom suit.
when she kept complaining, i said that she could go sleep upstairs on the couch if it really bothered her.
i was really pissed at this point so i go out there to go back to my room but on the way i see him microwaving it which just murders the favor of it.
man who forgot to buy valentine's day gift relieved to remember wife passed away years ago
this does not help so i mute his mic and continue the meeting.
no travel expense and we covered costs of outfits for the guys and i chose dresses in the ladies' closet.
she doesn't have any responsibilities other than doing her school work: she has a laptop.
i have little faith that i’ll ever see that gift card again because i lent her two books for a research project and she gave them back to me 2 years later after vigorous prompting from me for about 1 and a half years.
nephew surprised by how much bigger aunt has gotten since last year
report: economy must be doing pretty well if entire season of 'bones' online for free
she looked kinda sad and asked if i was leaving now and should she go.
relapse greatest week of man's life
disney announces 'kingdom hearts iii' will feature ernest, turner, hooch, and all the rest of your favorite touchstone pictures characters
report: retailers pull in $5 billion annually from women coming off street to avoid harassment
macy's parade float covered in tickets after parking on 5th avenue over holiday weekend
she wrote back a message as long as my arm in under five minutes.
aita for planning on breaking up with my boyfriend over him knowingly eating dog meat?
and hes old enought to tell the doctor what he has and to wait alone there and that i will pick him up afterwards.
when her family came over, my gf was working, so she’s asked me to take them to the city and show them around.
network news satellites collide over iraq
the point of contention is in my latest spook where ive been using a no caller prank app to call her phone and leave creepy messages and sounds.
man who temporarily disables facebook account deems self 'off the grid'
all of us are in the same college, but ive known this girl for much longer.
first of all a little bit of background: i'm a 22 years old male, my gf is 21.
senator baucus shows rest of congress where he found the dead body
college student still managing to look like asshole in picture of village he helped build
pope francis admits god really starting to look old
so, wibta if i ask him to return the tv that he bought for his money which i already agreed upon and buy one that is smaller?
many native americans still hold traditional beliefs about white man
so being me, i wanted to give her more room/breathing space so i suggested to her that we do no meet on 01 jan 2019 (it is a public holiday and we already pre-planned to meet on 01 jan 2019 & 30 dec 2018(weekends)\] and to only meet on 30 dec 2018.
do you have free buffet passes or anything?
as it turned out, my father went to his parents house to use their phone to call me, right as i was about to call him.
bf doesn't really like animals but he's always been good with her whenever he's at my apartment and i was never uncomfortable.
students watch in sympathy as teacher's humongous ass erases part of whiteboard
parents of 6-year-old sorely regretting purchase of knock-knock-joke book
she's strictly an indoor cat, and gets along fine with my other two indoor cats.
u.n. aid workers distributing food to malnourished kfc customers
i was attracted to her to an extent but valued our friendship way too much to try anything.
i deleted my post out of politeness to them, but i basically informed a user who was flaming christianity (on a christian sub) that i was warning him to remove him post within 24 hours.
around the month 4 mark, we broke up for several weeks because i told her that i did not think she was putting the necessary effort into our relationship (something that was a problem from day 1 in my view).
so i got very drunk last night, and i went home with a friend of mine who was literally carrying me as i was blacked out.
she wouldn't say, but i had a suspicion to why she would say this.
doctors to exercising seniors: don't bother
i had been to multiple parties and she and i never had a conversation.
that was not the case, in fact he has only been working on his servers, he only talks about his servers, he never hangs out or plays with us anymore.
aita for checking up on my ex boyfriend at the request of his sister against my current boyfriend’s wishes in the middle of the night?
report: majority of instances of people getting lives back on track occur immediately after visit to buffalo wild wings
'batman v. superman' promotion urges filmgoers to just get this over with
i brushed it off and forgot about it, but recently i did see her again at a restaurant, and she was alone and she looked really sad.
he says we’re cool but i still feel awful for it, we stayed with him in the hospital and took him back home.
they seem pretty incompetent **agent** hello, i’ll be more than glad to help you today.
sight of o.j. simpson actually kind of comforting
it was just an uncomfortable situation.
excited archaeologists hit mass grave jackpot
so would this have been an occasion to say sorry to him?
i don't really know why i got out.
i have not once given this man any reason to distrust me.
would i be the asshole for discussing restarting our old relationship, on the expense of his new girlfriend?
hr director doesn't know what it is about her that makes people want to unload all their problems
report: fiber optics not a real thing
i figured she was tired and didn't make much of it.
well this stupid girl in the car in front put her car in the ditch pulling out of the driveway.
but, i want to respect my girlfriend's right to choose.
zamboni crime family indicted in ice-shaving scandal
aita for not really doing anything for my daughter’s birthday?
it seems my dog is barking for a minute or two and he's significantly over exaggerating it but i have ordered a camera just to check and ensure he's not being overly disruptive.
**me**: hey \[abf\], it's laurelynfaye \[bf\] gave me your number.
woke up to boyfriend gone and eventually got kicked out of his place cuz he was pissed at me.
the staff said they were too stressed and busy to organise any more events or activities, so i made it clear i would be happy to do so.
the nursery hadn't called her to inform her of the incident, which is protocol.
chinese astronomers inform beijing residents sky will be visible for rare 2-minute window tomorrow morning
she says it’s because it’s my tv that i should pay for half.
revamped wpa to create 50,000 new jobs by disassembling, reassembling hoover dam
i ignored him because i just don,t see the need to talk to him or any other guy.
my friend a to this day still claims to suffer from the trauma of the events.
so backstory on this, fiancé grew up in smallish mountain town north of albuquerque, nm as did her parents and both sets of grandparents.
aita for getting a co-worker fired for something i also did?
i asked my other friends in the group but they won't even bother.
ain't nothing wrong with showing a little decency.
throwaway because i don't want this anywhere near my regular account and this is going to require some backstory that will probably be recognizable to anyone that knows me.
i make no mess and anything i do is cleaned beyond recognition.
we are males(if this matter) (i am 18).
e. coli ready to treat itself to some beef after weeks of nothing but salad
that chinese girl in office: 'i am not chinese'
i always think about that and laugh.
'planet earth' pa still trying to get release forms from every bird in serengeti
poll: 56% of voters say country better off than it was 4 eons ago
aita for refusing to stop calling my mom and dad hun?
most people at work are not talking to me unless they have to discuss something work related.
me and my husband have twins who are 4 and he has a 13 year old from his last marriage.
this is a big deal because i am a very antisocial and introvert person, and he is among the very few people who i feel really comfortable being myself with.
man pleased to find most of his mid-'90s anti-hillary rant still usable
my mom is holding her face and there is blood everywhere.
&nbsp; this wasn't like a basic 101 class textbook, this was a big beefy, 300 level class...
i know my bf isn't a massive fan of him, but i figured i'm a big boy and can take care of myself and i'd quite like a no strings hook up with a hot guy so i went for it.
macklemore reminds grammys audience about cds available for sale in lobby
single woman getting all dolled up to watch room full of people make out this new year's eve
little bit of background: this girl, let’s call her sally, went to my middle school, and was hit by a car in 7th grade.
aita for being annoyed at my husband for watching my favorite movies without me?
it’s $65 for my family to eat there with drinks and dinner buffet.
today when my girlfriend got home with my car i moved it to the garage like i always do when freezing rain is in the forecast.
aita for considering a break up with my girlfriend of 14 months after she kicked my dog out?
inconsiderate passenger takes up entire overhead bin
commuter playing some sort of alphabet sudoku
our boss was a bit upset and yelled at her and she started to cry.
tl;dr: i don't want to go on the trip but i feel bad for not going as my friends are really excited about it and it would get cancelled if i don't go.
i asked why they didn't pull me over in the first place if they thought my driving was bad?
aita for breaking up out of fear and confusion (lots of text sorry) (im female, he's male, both young and first relationship for both, we were about 3 months in i think) we were horsing around, i tend to let myself go limp when we're playing as kinda a joking thing.
im practically desperate for human interaction and im worried its clouding my judgement.
she's always nice, but i wouldn't consider her a friend.
i dont see why not, i got nothing else to do and we book the day trip together.
&#x200b; over time, my wife and i have dedicated significant financial resources to her parents and brother.
world's jews celebrate christmas with ceremonial re-murdering of christ
lives of mitch mcconnell, john boehner, eric cantor retain meaning
more americans falling for 'get rich slowly over a lifetime of hard work' schemes
enchanted by own innocence, michael jackson molests self
shell assures nation most arctic wildlife to go extinct well before next spill
so whenever i want to play games on my laptop, i have to hide it from my dad.
after my comment, my boyfriend said something like "it must be nice to be able to afford that" and all three roared with laughter.
i don't change my speed, i don't move for them, i just sit there continuing on and wait for them to go around me.
i don't go off on someone unless they're in a "big boy" game.
i tend to think that pda of that kind is a bit trashy so after a few seconds i get up with her and we go outside, but i can see that mark has been watching the entire time.
but even so, this whole "not telling me because it is none of my business because we broke up a week ago" and lies of cheating left such a bad taste in my mouth, even months later i can't accept them being together, not truly.
obama already knows who he's going to tear apart in memoir
aita for ghosting my mum after not being invited to the family christmas 'thing'?
i come back from my stuff, and she’s somewhat upset, and she goes on this rant about how she’s stressed about her speeches and stuff, and how no one is giving her good advice about what to fix.
&#x200b; i tried to play it cool and made some joke about the dearth of good-looking date-able guys in our area or something, but inside i was growing mad.
justice breyer unable to look at anything without deliberating constitutionality of it
chuck schumer: 'the american people deserve a president who can more credibly justify war with iran'
about a week ago i was home alone (i’m a 16 year old male) when my neighbour knocked on the door and asked me to come with her in an almost annoyed tone.
god announces plans to take a few millennia to focus on storms
cop vows to hunt down punk who successfully pressed brutality charges against his partner
second off, i don't like his mom but i didn't say it to directly her hurt feelings.
i said "you don't seem to have a problem forcing other people into things, what's the deal with him" and he gave me a nasty glare.
trump: 'there is hatred on both sides of my heart'
fran drescher screeches out for cancer awareness
i am not interested in someone who isn't able to stand on her own feet and is only useful for sex and housework.
barbaric fifth grader gouges paper onto binder ring without so much as hole punch
the auction stuff was mostly artsy crap.
unfortunately she’s the only one willing to work as late as the store closes (unless we hire someone new).
44 suspicious packages detonated under white house christmas tree
i heard an audible gasp, and to this day i’m unsure if it was the girl or my aunt.
sex has started to feel bland and almost like a chore.
he then angrily/sarcastically apologized saying "i'm sorry that something i said affected you when it shouldn't have and that your reaction wasn't what i expected".
now she says she can't believe that i'm being such an asshole and that i, as her husband, should help her because otherwise she will just go into debt as she has no other way to pay this.
suicide bombing a cry for help, vengeance against the infidel
i also hate the fact that you cant criticize their grossness without being called anti first amendment.
aita for reusing to say "christmas" in front of my christian family even though i left the "faith" (roflmao) years ago.
would i be in the wrong for asking him to "pick" his sister over his long time friend if i still felt hurt by the way patrick treated me?
i kind of expected to at least receive the payout for the truck so i can put it towards a new vehicle (i estimate the payout to be at least 5,000 usd).
clinton fumbles with submarine controls; 'everything's in german!' he shouts
drunken man careens wildly across internet
i asked her if she wants to go further in another way, and she said that she will want to soon, but that she isn't ready to do that yet.
it started when we got together and ended march this year (8year span).
and they blown up my phone all night but i ignore them.
goody introduces new line of governess hairbrushes for raking across the scalps of insolent little girls
obama announces plan to store nation's extra stuff in large plastic crate
she then asked if i was going go be the same way for christmas, and i said yes.
there was a couple of weeks where i wasn’t sure that my mom wouldn’t make it.
he went on to say that he would come to my work (was visible on my facebook profile at the time, no longer is) and make me "regret it" and that "i messed with the wrong guy" etc.
she lives at one of our family houses.
star trek fan pretty sure show stole his idea
i was so frustrated at him that i yelled this to him word for word "shut the fuck up you worthless shit and do it faggot, no one feels bad for you!!!".
i just told him the truth and people say i should have said more calmly but im not for that mess i'm just going to tell you how it is.
tomm lasorda to enjoy sensible dinner
she continues crying and throws out her dinner in the bin.
at the time, i accepted this.
to me this is morally ok as i do believe humans are self-serving so i am just doing what my ancestors and all humans today do.
however, when i look for gifts for my father, or my grandfather, etc., i look for something that they and i can use.
in hindsight i realize it probably looked like i was trying to ease my way into her life, but i actually ordered the gift before we even had the fight, but i feel like that is a really unfair assumption of me since anyone who knows me personally knows i'm not that type of person.
i stupidly told her best friend and best friend told her.
i'm from a developing country in europe where the family is a bit more "tied", and people that let their parents/siblings in poverty and pile the money in the bank are considered greedy, regardless of the circumstances or whether they're married.
well, he moped for a couple hours and hardly spoke to me and once he was speaking to me, he told me i hurt his feelings and he felt i was not being supportive and that i was being a dick about it.
presidential debate commission anesthetizes audience to prevent outbursts during debate
if her parents offered to pay to fly her out (or all of us like she suggested my dad do), i'd be 100% okay with it.
snl audience moved to tears by soulful, end-of-episode piano music
i proceeded to buy five books in total, one of which i needed for college stuffs, and that i'd logged on to buy in the first place.
income inequality emerges as key topic to avoid in 2014 elections
a chicken run is just a big expensive project, and will take some time to save up for/build.
he says that it was dumb to do it at the wedding, but he's pretty glad that i outed it to him and has said that he won't spend any time with him or our step-sister anymore.
if this was something that was kept secret i would understand, but everybody knew before me, even people that barely know her or anything about the situation.
burglar hiding in pistorius' bathroom figures now probably his best chance to escape
nation still reeling from mega-success of 'mr. popper's penguins'
adam levine receives promotion to senior lead singer of maroon 5
study: average american now requires 3 attempts to get up from seated position
i tell her she has no right to speak on my behalf and she tells me she is my manager despite the fact she is my coworker and works there part time.
while i don’t remember exactly what all of them were, they were all in the vein of “bush did 9/11” edgy type phrases, with that probably being less outlandish than most of what i had up there.
dog doesn't realize he just graduated
[edit] i did have a personal experience with this person and have developed the hatred because of it.
anyway, she apologizes several times, tries to set up a new time to meet up and tries to make me a bunch of promises, but i just give her 1-word answers and eventually stop responding.
my boss said she was embarrassed.
man not certain what any of his coworkers' names are
aita for getting revenge on my neighbor?
i like to smoke weed, however my landlord will evict me if i smoke at my place.
she is in a very bad mood.
now my parents are not letting me use my scholarship because of my grades and both my mom and i really hurt each others feelings during an argument about it.
panicked newborn didn't realize breathing would be on apgar test
in that time he's told me that he used to casually smoke but quit, and i made it very clear that because of my asthma i wasn't able to be around people smoking or even second-hand smoke from clothes without coughing and having my sinuses clog up.
but now i'm stopped at that corner bc he's now stopped on the other side of it.
they shouldn’t have messed it up in the first place, that’s a huge red flag.
i wanted her to be included and to spend time with her because she is my friend.
he didn't have a house warming or anything and other than normal doors closing and footsteps on the stairs we don't hear much from him so that could be why in his eyes even a few minutes of noise from us is unacceptable.
christmas really over, man realizes as iphone game switches out holiday icon
i saw him veer onto the median to my left and he actually began \*passing\* me at first.
especially when the owners leave them out for hours, or really days at a time, and don't do anything to stop it.
magical voting booth transforms clearheaded americans into reactionist morons
breaking: mrs. nichols also daniel's mom
suicide bombing: can parents spot the warning signs?
&#x200b; i love him and don't blame him as he also got cheated on.
sun thinking of just collapsing now and getting this all over with
while i was still moving forward.
and maybe selfishly, as a dad, i don't want my beautiful little girl to chop off her pretty hair.
backstory: moved in jan 18, payed for half the security deposit ($500) not getting reimbursed for that and half for a washer and dryer ($300) not getting a washer or dryer when i move out.
so if anyone is left reading at the end of this stupid drama saga...
apparently, posties will deliver a wallet provided there was an address like there was on his driving licence.
he’s understanding and tells me to drink some water and rest.
as far as i knew, he still loved her and wanted to be with her, but she didn't feel anything toward him anymore.
new years come around and she snapped me she loves me.
she usually equates love to buying us stuff, and we are used to getting a huge christmas.
i could barely lift my arms above my head.
i gave the dog food, water and a bath.
it's so profound and so apparent that they literally verbalize how little they care about my interests or how i see life.
and i sort of just snapped the other day and things have been tense.
like i said i take shrooms very seriously and his disregard for them has got me livid today, so much that really dont want to see him again.
agile, dynamic company able to respond to any challenge by laying off half of staff
aita if i don't think my little sister is cute?
if i hated everything about him, obviously i would not want to hang out with him.
wibta if i decided to make panhandling people earn my help?
&#x200b; fast forward to this evening, she gets home from her job and upon seeing me immediately goes into a rant about her boss (they don't get along.) i didn't ask her how her day was.
i counted using a scale the first time and manually the second so i'm positive of the value.) i digress.
and the worst of both these traits happened tonight when she started screaming my nickname across the arrival hall when i didn't see her right away.
am i the asshole for asking my husband to miss this important day so that i am not alone caring for the baby?
so the day comes and we still haven't decided where to go after.
i was followed and mugged by a man a few months ago and it gave me a mild concussion and a huge host of anxiety issues that i'm still dealing with today.
first time posting to reddit, this is eating my soul and i need opinions.
new evidence suggests last ice age caused by earth floating into extremely chilly part of galaxy
area man no longer playing up resemblance to kevin spacey
2) when i say “our usual” i mean that she has both picked up panera for me before and we get the same thing as each other.
they come visit for medicine and better healthcare, as the country they come from has shit healthcare.
woman deriving some sort of sick pleasure from healthy new diet, lifestyle
for that, i am the asshole.
perverted measles virus exposes itself to playground full of children
someone who isn't comfortable showing me their i.d probably has something to hide like an arrest warrant or they don't want me to know their names because they might just be frauds who wish to remain anonymous.
“ooooohhh baby boyyyy what youuu doooingg” and it is soo annoying i just want to rip her tongue out so she doesn’t speak ever again.
nation longing for simpler time of knowing exactly who they wanted to kill and why
my little brother whined about it but i didn't think much of it.
bit of background: i normally work from home, but i had to come into the office for a few days, because i am applying for a new position and i wanted to shake hands and do an interview in person.
i won’t joke about it again if you feel so strongly about it”.
he was home but chose not to open the door after a good 5 minutes of me knocking.
i was going to post this on /r/depression but then i saw this sub, mayne its a good idea to post here.
so in my tripped out mind i'm thinking well fuck my friends aren't getting along what can i do, and that was my only thought during the peak.
millions of americans shocked to discover favorite movie directed by woman
he kept insisting that he drop me to the emergency room.
i recognize it might be weird to raise a child as a single father willingly and it might cause a weird conversation with my 4 sons later in life.
i asked what makes him think that and he finally admitted that he had hooked up with a few guys before me.
yankee candle clarifies that product only intended to be dripped on balls
so we've been gamers since we were 10 and we're now 19 in college.
it’s a very serious and real topic and most people don’t dare treat with levity for the sake of good taste.
i couldn’t help it… it just… looked like play-doh to me.
me and my dad normally have quite a good relationship, but i felt really sourly towards him after this scenario and have a few times in my life, really resented him.
my point is that she makes horrible life decisions.
i do work retail (sort of) but i'm adaptive.
i honestly feel really bad about doing it, part of me feels like she was being respectful the whole time and that i was the one out of place, but part of me also feels like she shouldn't have done that.
if anyone should be having regrets it should be me because i actually really really like my partner, they will always be my best friend whatever happens with everything else.
or were there better choices here.
no one admits to fart joke
i am pissed because i feel like i have enough to worry about and should be focusing on securing a new job, not worrying about this.
pence tells emotional story of longtime friend who was aborted after second trimester
well as it turns out my fiancé has been taking welding classes so he can build us a trellis that can be the backdrop for our wedding ceremony.
disney begins uploading obama's consciousness to hall of presidents robot
but yeah, i accept that wasn’t the greatest move but my mind was mostly on not drinking too much with a stranger who’s motives i wasn’t sure of.
he was involved a lot in my little sister's childhood by bringing her gifts and we even took a trip to hong kong twice with him and my dad never came once.
elaborate sentence construction facilitates omission of word 'boyfriend'
instead, your text was unnecessarily accusatory and you've admitted that you don't know what happened.
heaven adds guardrail after fifth angel plunges over edge
and i get it, the time you come home always varies when you work a full time schedule and you close and work with shitty people.
devin tells me that he knows shannon and he shows me her nudes.
am i the asshole for asking my co-worker to either finish their food or not bring it into my car?
a 19 y/o student emailed me back and expressed interest.
i've heard bad things about her from my friends.
kanye west: 'i would've ridden away from a slave plantation on a motorcycle first chance i got'
i want her to be able to see my bank statements whenever she wants, but i don't want her to know my bank password because she would have the ability to take money out of my bank accounts.
it was either go around the long way and miss a big portion of my first lesson and get detention for it or climb over his car bonnet (hood) - which i did.
one of the guests is working today.
eventually something happened that made transfer closer to home for the sake of my mental health.
'us weekly' wins pulitzer for outstanding achievement in photoshopping a rip between divorced celebrity couple
she responds with she has to go home because her brother wants her to.
teen worried about friend who tried pot
the most egregious incidents where on three separate non-consecutive occasions i had stayed up practicing the game.
apparently he told our son he's getting a big gift for christmas instead.
he also wanted to come after i told him how important it was to me and to them, but it feels like they think i didn't want him to come.
stephen hawking warns about dangers of ai as motorized wheelchair drives toward lake
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: you are not a customer & he is free to express his opinions, i understand that to say that in general is not ok but first this is not my guild & second he has been angry at did to & you being an officer no one moved a finger...and you are chastising me for not kicking someone that your guild made angry...?
that's not true, i was an emo, reckless preteen.
fanatically devoted nerd could potentially turn on simon pegg at any moment
i don’t even know where to go with this or what to do anymore.
i texted her again and was like ok whats up why are we not calling?
look, i know what i've done is wrong.
clinton blasts obama for slamming edwards jab
at first i thought he was being sarcastic but he was actually a little bit bothered.
iirc my mum threw out my dad's clothes when they reached a certain point - i guess i thought that was normal.
what makes me more angry though is the fact that some of the more mature people in the office have also seemingly taken their side too.
wal-mart executives kind of weirded out by town not putting up any resistance to store opening
that's not where the issue was.
clearly without knowing the job i cant really get straight answers.
they loved me and took really good care of me.
i didn't really find much out.
my money would be on max.
my cousin started telling me a story when he went out to a beer garden and this girl started peeing right in front of him.
researchers say that first warning sign of alcoholism generally driving over curb, plowing through fire hydrant, and crashing into aquarium
but to him, we already owe him this table for not a penny more than $300.
she makes a move and i brushed it off.
mitch mcconnell feeling emasculated by wife who makes more illicit money than him
i feel so bad though, like she was probably really creeped out (that much has been confirmed now by the comments), and i didn’t have the foresight to see that that would happen...
i tell him to shut the fuck up whenever he starts saying whining at me.
she flirted a lot, laughed at my jokes and pretty much just followed me around which i had no problem with, she was nice, pretty and we had great chemistry.as i wasn’t allowed to do anything with her, i held back and dodged her kisses and attempts when she was drunk.
we haven't been facebook friends since a few months after the breakup and i deleted the last two connections on facebook recently when a photo she was tagged in popped up on my feed even though i've blocked her.
not angry, but super disappointed you know?
so a short backstory on me, i am a model.
as far as i knew, my job was to make sure shipments were being transported out of the facility, that nothing left the premise without thoroughly being processed by all necessary departments, and that nothing got in the building that could potentially cause issues, though the last part isn't a job solely done by me.
open floor plan increases office shooter's productivity by 95%
diners eating impossible burgers doused with beet juice by protesting meat-rights activists
town hall attendees still standing patiently waiting for their questions to be answered
drunk me felt like superwoman, so i said sure.
i woke up with an infected eye.
i agree with the sentiment but simply can’t accept that she works in a dangerous field.
ham glazed to dangerously delicious levels
1) because i just didn’t feel up to it and 2) because i felt she deserved to see me in person rather then doing it over the phone.
report: still hasn't been long enough to open restaurant called bin laden's
texas abortion opponents to cheer selves up with execution
it's just what she said.) * i paid for the flights and the hotels.
lions, zebras, giraffes run off cliff shrieking en masse as shadow of melania trump's jet passes over savanna
based shaman is this really popular youtuber who makes videos on various subjects one of them being incels, and going through analysis and even helping some incels get out of that mindset.
brendan fraser to star in new pre-movie trivia question
next time i'll exercise some patience.
i have never been in a situation like this, that is why i am suspicious about all this, because i really find it stupid that no one in her family cares and see it like if nothing happened.
well she said she wanted to change a rule and we should tell each other about our partners.
dancing 7-year-old looks to expand fan base from parents to parents' friends
unemployed single mother in rubio speech told candidate about her problems in confidence
i see just about everybody else moving around me at about five miles per hour too slow.
he told us that most people “only eat 2-3 plates and they are stuffed.” he said he thanked us for our business but we could not have anymore food that night unless we paid for a second buffet, otherwise we needed to leave.
fema unveils nationwide phone tree in case of emergency
aita for calling to report a gas station employee?
i looked like i was just mugged, but i showed.
tom gilbert, actor who portrays tv's regis philbin, to leave 'regis & kelly' show
new visa talking credit card urges buyers to go for it
panasonic introduces portable 500-disc changer to compete against ipod
over the next year he would come by every few months and we'd have a lovely time.
my friend and i both worked out specific dates that work for us on our college breaks.
i'm a straight, relatively liberal guy, and have always imagined that i would be completely comfortable in a relationship with a bisexual woman so long as we’re both committed to each other (because that’s what really matters, right?).
most of that clique is absent, so i scramble to find us a substitute who can play for us at extremely short notice.
for our senior trip, fred was always with wilma and, again, never hung out with us.
chris wallace receives cease-and-desist letter from trump organization in middle of questioning candidate about groping allegations
courtroom sketch artist has clear manga influences
she hemmed and hawed but eventually said she'd respect my wishes.
(edit) the hit was reflexive and an accident (edit 2) i had moved away so the last time he hit me somewear where i had been hit before (i am a boxer) so it was pretty sensitive.
apple's gag division unveils sleekest fake dog shit to date
wibta if i told my ex’s new partner about potential infidelity?
banjo-wielding matt damon makes last-minute bid for best original song
they never watched their dog, they just left it outside.
i finally told her one day that she should buy her own juul, and she agreed that it was a good idea.
report: majority of americans stopped paying attention several words ago
i mean, they're both consenting and of age adults that can make they're own decisions...
she is obviously really upset about this, and i feel like an asshole but i mean it, i'm not ready and i can't look after a child.
i dodged her attempt and told her again that we made a deal, before she told me to give it.
vanquished foe's skull makes surprisingly bad wine goblet
this is for my son to enjoy and unwrap.
i'm really busy during the day so having him send one text (which ends up being 4 of the same ones) is really distracting.
am i the asshole for seeing this as attention seeking behavior propped up by the mental health industry to make people who arent special feel special?
instead, she told me \*\*i hurt her\*\* for some reason and told me it was stressful and affecting her mental health negatively to try to cheer me up so much "when you just accuse me of lying instead and make me prove to you i'm your friend".
i took my son last year, and we had a fun time.
as a nurse it is obviously my duty to provide care to anyone in need.
family is who i’m supposed to support and be able to fall back on if friends fuck me over.
she was unconscious in the uber (i admitted this to her) and when we first started making love (i tried to explain to her that she was conscious and was very into me and sexual) 4.
fred didn’t take our advice (a trend with him).
so i guess from there the video spread like wildfire and the girl eventually found out and apparently had a breakdown and sobbed at work.
bar scene also tired of area bachelor
biden huddling with closest advisers on whether to spend 200 bucks on scorpions tickets
i feel i’ve awarded every fair opportunity for my roomates to speak in person.
steve bannon marks draft of executive order he likes with noxious pheromone secretion
i get that ita for that, but for the moment there’s nothing i can do.
i kept telling him to defend himself but he won't listen to me or he thinks of some cute but ineffective insults.
i yelled at them and told them to leave.
if someone doesn't message me for a couple months and then later wants to catch up, i'm like "cool alright at least i'm glad you took the time to just talk".
but again all the feedback has been appreciated and helpful and i have learned a lot.
heady youth expresses individuality with 'ear-ring'
my best friend likes kpop a lot.
media condemns julian assange for reckless exposure of how they could be spending their time
i'd had it at that point.
man not sure what to do about vet's request for dog-urine sample
bill cosby feeling better about retrial now that climate around sexual assault has cooled down
i ask bf to give me the dude’s number- i’d like to have a word with him.
area man pretty loud at guitar
for background, the school isn't a very good one.
and i revealed it was a big prank.
it would have been no problem and created no drama.
i wish that could be it, but that's not even close to being the shittiest thing that went down.
her entire family lives in the area or surrounding area too.
we had a big match as a team, which basically determined if we would stay in our tournament, and which i was super excited about because the matches are streamed/commentated and some of my friends watch me play.
they said it was my fault for leaving my property in the apartment.
now they are hanging out again, and i am just so fucking sick of this.
she brought it up with me and told me that she vaguely remembers her eldest brother telling her to strip for him.
in the end i got a title xi complaint from the university and was scared shitless but i would still do it all over again, there was no contact following the sent pictures and a thank you from the guy.
god refuses to grant any more transcendent near-death experiences to people who crash snowmobiles
he agrees to me backing out of her project.
contrarian amazon user completely upends critical consensus on microfiber towels
now my friend (we’ll call her “emily”) and i have known each other since high school.
am i the asshole for taking this small thing too far?
now i'd have to wait for a month or two to see her again.
this may seem trivial for some folks but this is so out of the ordinary for me and my girlfriend that i had to ask.
quick, painless death tops holiday wish list of local veal calf
so we’d be talking about something, sometimes important and sometimes not, mid convo she would just fall asleep.
aita for being mad at my boyfriend for not sticking to our christmas plans?
freshman dorm kept cool by 870 fans
i just want to know if i was the asshole and and how much of an asshole was i for doing that.
my wife says that it warranted a restraining order.
i've been with my girlfriend for nearly 3 years, living together for just over 1.
because i also work in store, i have expectations in store.
but my dog doesn't exactly listen to her nor anyone really if she's woken up.
ms-13 gang leader getting some pretty great ideas from watching ice work
i felt this was a great way for me to get better, and was really bitter that she lied to me again.
arthur and onyx where still here and we watched some memes on yt.
eminem releases single about hugging elton john at grammys then ripping his dick off with pliers
my best friend and i live about 300 miles apart so we facetime approx 4 times a day.
report: rash not going away on its own
she walked away after a little while and i noticed she was crying.
aita for my lack of empathy ***update*** seems like the common consenus here is that’s i am the asshole....
so its been 4 months and this is bullshit, they give me shit for things i havent done, and when someone steps up and says “oh sorry that was me” i dont even get an apology, they just crack up jokes between them.
aita- i have a non-binary “friend” who is extremely rude so i have stopped using the correct pronouns.
but i mean he hasn’t used them in weeks and they hav built up gunk, i also don’t say it, but like he has money to buy new dishes, so if he isnt going to care for the ones he has he can just get new ones.
my friend's response was "that's a lot of money.
we continue conversing about this and that and the mood is generally okay, although the convo is losing a bit of luster.
so, i threw the controller to the ground and left.
janice to register three; janice to register three
i realize i may come off like such a drama queen, but the reason i left was because i felt my mental health declining due to being stuck in the house for a full 6 days a weeks.
but am i really the asshole in this situation, or should she have been more considerate?
every glass in grandmother's cupboard visibly filthy
he keeps saying i should see it from his point of view; i knew he didn't want me to show up so i didn't and i didn't call him either, so i thought i was respecting him and what he wanted.
there’s a lot of context to this.
desperate snl releases 'best of melanie hutsell' dvd
( i did it in a way that was supposed to convey that i wasn't saying wtf to her, just the situation) after washing my feet and shoes i come back out to see if i can help.
they sent him to psychiatric camps.
aita for hating my best friend's girlfriend?
i obviously don't say that to him cos that would be pretty rude, this is the first time i've ever remarked on his disability pay as far as i recall.
guy wearing thumb drive around neck wonders if you tried hard reboot
aita for calling my wife selfish my wife is pregnant and due in a month.
fcc chair unveils premium comment line to fast-track net neutrality complaints for $49.99 per month
labor secretary letting 8 million unemployed americans crash at his place until they get back on their feet
stunning e3 announcement reveals new video game consoles to phase out graphics entirely
we were told we were waiting on another family friend who was coming before we could eat.
i've told dh he needs to suck it up and be there for his son.
strangulation the new blow to the head, says hired killer magazine
and i feel so guilty about leaving her while she was in rehab/after she got out instead of being supportive but for fucks sake i would have been all that if she told me she had a problem instead of simply disappearing one day.
but instead of being cool and double checking procedure, tony flips out.
i can't even properly schedule around it because her period seems to come at a semi-random time every month.
white castle bathroom stall celebrates 5th conception
every other time he does this, i stay quiet though it does bother me.
he thought i was calling him unhygienic.
i think jack is at a higher risk than joe, and joe likely will not kill himself if both are given equally good therapy.
there's so much traffic over there.
so then she asks me "so is that a no then?
so i'm talking with my brother and trying to convince him to watch this movie because i loved it so much, and he says nah i don't wanna watch kid movies.
now i did not say it this blatantly and forward at all, that would be horrible.
teen sick of mother barging into room with clean, folded clothes
however, for her to give me excuses such as "i'm busy with exams", "i promise to hang out in february", or "i'm very lazy during winter" is straight up humiliating.
pan left to soak now predates all current roommates
i wish that i had emphasized that the issue wasn't with him not gifting me the $20 ugh.
and yes, i know that some people don't consider nudity a big deal around others.
aita for being mad at my ex for getting together with a girl he started talking to during our relationship our breakup happened in the beginning of october but this issue has been bothering me.
we're all pretty good about making it equal.
aita for abandoning an apparently depressed friend?
she already has trust issues with her mom and this has just made everything worse.
little pussy has to take phone call in other room
dept. of transportation discontinues 'bridge out 8 feet ahead' sign
everyone comforted me, and i was happy.
the second to last day of camp.
she also felt like it was a inappropriate gift for my nana and grandma to give to me.
about two weeks in, i decided i couldn't be without him so i texted him that i needed to talk.
wibta for not going to son's wedding??
umm, i feel bad that she's lying to a kid about that...but it's really not my place.
tulip popping up in middle of march must think it some kind of hotshot
at this point i'm clearly pissed off, so i retreat to my room and go to sleep.
i have been trying really hard to make this relationship work, i told her i need some space and that i still care about her immensely, but that for the relationship to work, we also have to take care of ourselves.
she can take a bus from (city where airport is) and lyft like she did when she left.
iraq beheading videos enter summer reruns
and that he did it because he was jealous and angry that mine was still alive.
celine dion served luxurious cat food in crystal goblet
the rent is 2-3 times higher here so i can't rent like i did at my previous school without pulling out a bunch of private student loans; i'm already 50k in debt and want to avoid privates as much as possible.
he's also "joked" about how i should just kill him or how i'd probably just be happier if he died.
few months have passed and it’s become a very “comfortable” (or boring) relationship and it’s just not what i had pictured.
but instead of asking his other best friend james or myself to help.
one day, one of the other climbers found out it was me who'd been doing it and told me i was the worst piece of privileged shit in the world.
i posted earlier about leaving my sister in law’s wedding early, as i have a nursing infant at home and didn’t want to have to pump to stay through the whole thing.
kurt warner cheered on by wire-haired man-goblin
i pulled up to the intersection and the crossing guard had the other cross-direction of traffic halted and the pedestrians/students were crossing.
but still i don't think i violated anything i said.
like i find myself counting down the days since we have last called to see how long i could last without calling her to see what i mean (like i max it out to one call a week) and i feel a sudden surge of stress when she texts me instead of enjoyment which is what i think i should feel...
had a boyfriend, and complained how much he verbally abused her, or didn't pay enough attention.
he says that hes not going to tell my mother i said that, and hes begging me to come.
mta unveils $28 billion plan to renovate subway masturbators
good and all, but my ex girlfriend gave me an almost identical jacket the year prior.
old friend avoided in hometown convenience store
aretha franklin institute for female entrepreneurship confirms sisters are doin' it for themselves
but kids and chores have always been a 50/50 split.
hello reddit, i'm writing this because a situation just happened with my little brother that i think is absolutely ridiculous.
mother provides adult son with list of questions to ask doctor
aita: i use my friend as motivation to be a better person.
bold intern giving parents tour of office
dh takes the free seat next to me, while sw is standing.
so he asked me to ask the kids what they wanted since they've spent christmas with their grandparents (my parents) since they were babies.
we live 11 hours and an ocean apart right now, and have been doing the long distance dance around the world for two years.
aita for thinking this it totally inappropriate?
it just feels like you want to feel "special" or not considered "ordinary" or some bullshit like that.
scientists working on immortality better hurry up because ian mckellen is 73
my wife and i got married last year.
poll finds 97% of americans don't know who donald trump is
this was literally cool with me, but you know how breakups are.
did you seriously think that he was going to keep you at the expense of his life?
i’m xxxxx g and i’ll be assisting you today.
mother's day card thrown in trash
she must have felt bad about it and called me, crying.
i really didnt see him, was in a rush.
rumsfeld wearing same shirt for fourth straight day
court takes custody of harley from unfit motorcycle mama
toddler makes convincing case for being afraid of horse
ok so my friend is really careful with her phone.
music started to appear louder to me, people kept shoving past me and i just felt left alone and sensory overload started to creep in.
coroner's report: john denver had sunshine on shoulders at time of crash
aita for telling him to "fuck off" and blocking him?
one of my friends jokingly says “yeah ____, we just diss you because we hate you.” and i just laugh.
area man willing to give up any of muslims' rights necessary to feel safe
a coworker filled all my desk drawers full of shredded confetti from the paper shredder.
i really took everything you guys gave said to heart, and i can honestly say that i've been an ass, and it's really hurt my relationship with my girlfriend.
tldr: i earned a scholarship of $4000 for flying lessons but, somewhat neglected school while working on the scholarship.
they tell me a suspension needs to be on record for this but for some unknown reason it gets knocked down to a 2 day suspension.
aita for making my mom cry?
mom just wants to watch something nice
anyway, since you all were so helpful, i wanted to update this.
then, one day, out of the blue, when we're all hanging out together at a local cafe, i see brian on his phone and i ask "what's up", trying to make some casual conversation.
i wrote another one (looking back the lyrics are quite cringy) and sent it.
deadlocked supreme court: 'someone's voting twice'
1999 collaboration between carlos santana, rob thomas somehow standing test of time
i know she’s smart and mature, but men can be dangerous, and i don’t want to put her through anything.
renter’s 18 year old daughter diagnosed with depression/anxiety.
aita for telling her i didn't want to talk to her?
for context im a 24 year old guy and my girlfriend is the same age.
this one short kid — let’s call him joseph — had a different opinion.
i said "i don't give a fuck if you're gay, hell i don't give a fuck who you like.
his many trees also dump a lot of leaves and small branches onto my property.
saved his life in this state on more than a few occasions, and he would have no idea until he sobered down and i would tell him.
even years later, i'm told that i was wrong to not be in attendance.
actually enthusiastic and friendly, on point with the refills, and just top notch service all around.
it gotten so bad that i couldn't take it and called them out on the most populated channel, the #general (nobody was talking at the time).
aita for breaking company rules when i got fired from mcdonald’s because i repeated my brothers order as ‘1 mccum sandwich’ and my boss heard?
i did that because i really like the attention that comes with being female, and you can have more conversations and find new friends easier.
garroting survivors call for wire ban
every driver in roundabout just winging it
he wanted food, and then got upset with me because he thought i didn't want him to get food when i mentioned that there was food at the second place where our friends were waiting.
slain cop had only 37 years until retirement
i think in her mind, i was just shoving everything i had into her hands as if to say “is this enough?
i get a good friend who likes similar things, cooks great food and dancing is great fun.
things have been awkward for a little while now.
they were easy to miss, but the worst part was: i had done the work, just not submitted it.
also, they wanted to go to the free club instead of the club i wanted to go to.
her mom is nice, but i guess she just didn't know how to deal with the situation.
my problem is, i am making myself a pot roast tonight and i spent quite a bit of money on the materials (chuck roast is pricey) and i was hoping to be able to eat the whole thing over a few days.
which my friend then posted it on instagram along with other people he 'baited' to say smash.
they know i have anxiety, depression, and schizophrenia.
sweat-stain-dating technology unlocks age of assistant managers
later that day, i found out she went to her counselor about it and they immediately got law enforcement involved because we are minors.
new custard could cause worldwide flandemic
i [made a gif]( depicting what happened.
nra publishes tips for staying safe while committing a mass shooting
very atypical from all the years i was at this institute.
she said she didn't have any plans to go at first because of economical issues, but then said she felt obligated to do so when her friend told her that he had already bought the tickets.
however, i came to this conclusion just about a week before homecoming.
she talked to me about a lot of revealing things and that they went out together.
i am at a point in my life that while i love my boyfriend, i need alternative outlets to express my sexuality and am unsure if im able to be satisfied commiting to an exclusive relationship.
this also made it really apparent that this kind of “water shutdown” happens on a semi-regular basis and that they make no attempt to notify customers beforehand or take the initiative to make it right, just provide a sub-par and shower solution that is worse than what we have in the room.
like everyone, i certainly don't care how they want to live their lives.
area maggot has urgent news about reincarnation
it's a jekyll and hyde kind of thing, but i suppose that's exactly how i felt.
traveler excited hotel has hbo until he checks listing
i go to uni all morning and drive back home to study, or i have work.
4 copy editors killed in ongoing ap style, chicago manual gang violence
most disgusting towel spends final days relegated to role as bath mat
upon seeing this, my mom gave me two options: take away my desktop that i built with my own money as well as my cell and laptop until further notice, or they would withdraw me from college.
she's saying that we're telling her how to feel or how she should live her life and that we interrupt her when she's saying something despite her doing the same thing(at least when it comes to interupting).
1-800-eat-shit finally publishes decades of reckless-driving data
santa fe resident pretty kokopellied out
my daughter got pretty upset with me and told me i was being unfair and that the girl is nice and i shouldn’t judge her because she’s from there.
startup very casual about dress code, benefits
she still doesn't know we already have sex there, we also sneak into her house (i'm allowed to enter when i'm living in my dad's house, i have keys) to do the job and then we let everything clean like it was before we entered.
in contrast, every member of my family is literally booted into the matrix.
what further annoyed me was that the guy in no way made an effort to give up his seat for his own wife and infant daughter, and chose to be shitty about it.
i asked him about it, he brushed it off as a teenage joke and deleted the post.
i even tried unblocking him a few months later and i still got that deep feeling in my stomach and i couldn't say anything to him.
leonardo dicaprio hopes he screamed and cried good enough in 'the revenant' to win oscar
she apparently got all freaked out when they asked for him by name, when they rang the bell, it set off the dogs and woke up their 11 month old.
from there, she wore a big part of my sadness whenever i was sad, because she knew she could help me.
then she just said that it didn't matter, that she wasn't gonna go anymore and that she was only gonna pay him the ticket back, to which i told her that i had nothing against her going but just wished she had considered inviting me.
my dad kind of yelled at me, saying that if i wasn't going to cooperate or put in some kind of effort, he would...(and then he probably said the first thing that came to mind) crumple my homework.
she ended up falling back into the sled and slid down the hill.
she has responded to this by suggesting that i don’t see her as an equal - and i have to admit that i don’t.
report: some americans may not work in offices
also i feel i need to point out that she only had this little girl with her, no other children.
6th-grade teacher seen making out with gamestop dude
whenever the dallas cowboy football game had ended.
i've cold blocked her even though we "dated" for four+ months.
in context, it's a cpsc assignment and he refused two people's (one of which was cool guy, the other was another close friend) help to actually explain it to him so that he could do it.
a new game comes out, they go back to replaying halo for the 50th time, someone doesnt feel like it, or we play once and never again.
i also asked him to be more accountable for his progress by requesting that he tell me every time he messes up and watches porn.
'fourth quarter, time winding down, super bowl,' report nation's 11-year-olds
i don't know what to do.
i swear at him a bit.
mysterious defibrillator saves accident victim, disappears
he responded to my messages after the concert to say he was pissed off with me and thought it would be best if i pack my overnight stuff (we don’t live together so, when i stay with him over the weekend, i pack my own overnight bag) and head back home.
girl slept with for her sake
fast forward a little and they get back together and find out she is pregnant but how far gone she was matches perfectly with when she cheated on him.
she also can't drink obviously, which we used to do here.
apparently, the new exhibit is some really left-wing political thing, with posters about "masculinity", "intersectionalism" and other stuff, which logically shouldn't be allowed there, since this youth center is municipally owned, and is considered an apolitical space, meaning that the youth centre is not allowed to endorse or promote political stances.
he starts yelling that i should be on the road, i try to explain to him that the road was blocked and i had to take the sidewalk for a short bit.
mta urges riders to stop taking disabled passengers
rick gates fondly recalls manafort finding him as hapless street urchin and teaching him how to pickpocket
report: therapist just saying that to make you feel better
tylenol releases new black bile gel caps for people with unbalanced humors
will probably delete this post because i will be thumbed down into oblivion.
balloon deliveryman forced to take bus
i managed to break it up and the little yapper ran back through both fences home, but i haven't seen it since, which was 2 weeks ago, and is why i say they have 2 or 3 fluffy dogs.
area grandparents still have no idea what grandson does for a living
it's bothered me for a while that i've gotten this feedback from other people.
the first one was like $110 but the second tv is a lot smaller and less heavy so i’m not sure how much it will be.
but he just wouldn’t take no for an answer.
is there a middle ground, and if so, how can i achieve it?
supreme court justices brought to tears by heartfelt testimony of bigot who hates gay people
executioner enters lethal injection room with bag from home depot
local oddball expends energy doing things
two months later she answered and said that no, and that she doesn't want to risk our friendship.
i'm a rather anxious person (currently medicated for ocd), and one of the things that gets to me is glitter.
she insisted on me getting more fucked up.
comey suddenly realizes entire book just a subconscious defense mechanism to hide his true feelings
he's done it out of the kindness of his heart because he realises that i was expected to leave with very little means of supporting myself and no means of taking everything with me.
james fenimore cooper, famed american novelist, dies at 224
but i feel iffy about this, especially because she was upset at me at the time.
it seemed good, he seemed willing to work on himself.
(arizona) i live in arizona, and i saw a small cat/kitten come right up to me.
i asked him what he was eating and he said it was a roasted guinea pig.
area man plays 'imagine' every time he sees a piano
mars maven begins mission to take thousands of high-resolution desktop backgrounds
i continued to my desk and got on with working.
new documentary to finally shed light on nation's fast food chains
i expressed that i felt a little weirded out by that (but in no circumstances made any sort of ultimatum or request), and henry immediately started getting angry with me for "asking him to choose".
so i am making changes to the menu to adjust to this new standard.
local dullard opts for vocational school
&#x200b; last summer, my so accidentally broke the tv by shattering the lcd.
i can't even talk to them without receiving some type of criticism.
she ignores me all day via text and is like "i want space".
out-of-control conversation safely turned back onto self
she doesn’t really like that answer, and i say i want to buy new parts for my computer should she be expected to pay for half of those?
publicist worried kanye west's support of trump will damage his carefully crafted public image as a manic self-absorbed lunatic
she made sure not to sleep close enough, so i felt weird trying to make any move towards her.
(suspected it has developed into a bladder/and or kidney infection) it’s 9pm where we live, in a major city so er is not far away.
report: laura's divorce threatens razor-thin democratic majority in family
guys' weekend getaway begins with daring purchase of new kind of beer
area man winded after particularly lengthy wendy's order
divorced man forced to get back down to dating weight
>me: you're the one who came in hot.
study: use of phrase 'don't skimp on the' linked to heart disease
i remark to him that it’s a good thing i did not reply to his rude remark with the first thing that pops into my mind.
we also have some good mutual friends, and i don't want there to be any splits in the friendship group.
tour guide one stop behind clearly giving more interesting tour
pope francis spends weekend installing stained glass storm windows in st. peter's basilica
something about her, and what she was talking about just annoyed me.
i don't think my girlfriend would do anything, that's the logical side of me talking.
wildest friend called up from bench to help woman get over breakup
mind you, i try not to be overtly aggressive -- i avoid tailgating, or making harsh swerving through traffic, or going 100+ mph, or generally calling attention to myself.
he tells me he just came across a spoiler online, some short skit involving naruto and orochimaru, and this is what he said that pushed me over the edge: "i wish i hadn't read the title: '>!naruto telling orochimaru to tell sasuke to come back to the queef village!<' basically, for those who don't know, it's the leaf village!
area man unsure if he's supposed to want hugo chavez to die or not
hypothetical cat simultaneously dead and alive, physicists say
that just made me become even more sad than i already was and told the both of them i wouldn't talk to either for some time until i was feeling better, with my friend answering with a "i respect and understand your choice" and a "cool" from my ex.
i didn't know what to make of this situation, i felt i looked pretty bad.
'i'll have to obstruct one last thing,' whispers jared kushner before wrapping gloved hands around mueller's neck
report: 99% of employees would use boss as human shield in event of workplace attack
i preach saying i should have the right to beat other people's children in public.
new edition of bible specifically mentions second amendment
up until the past 2 weeks i have been working a full 60 hours mandatory overtime at work when i only normally work 30 hours, and between that and other responsibilities i havent had as much time to see him, but when we talk and see each other its the same passion.
whenever i would try to leave, he would promise that he would change.
i haven't spoken much to anyone all night, and i have been especially short with c since this happened.
aita for not wanting my friend to hang out with someone they met online?
i don't know how to start this but if i'm wrong don't hate me.
former couple to remain friends until one finds new sex partner
throughout the party i avoided the girl who was nice enough to invite me, and instead hung out with her friend.
pete buttigieg stuns campaign crowd by speaking to manufacturing robots in fluent binary
terrible things are funny because theyre not funny.
report: no one currently thinking about you
this is, of course, probably biased.
trump wistfully smells lock of murdered journalist's hair gifted to him by putin
family mercifully pulling plug on grandfather unaware they sending him directly to hell
i'd been invited to an event by emma.
he got upset that i said this, and attempted to give me a lecture (keep in mind we still arent in the car yet).
dazed mike pence wakes up 15 miles outside d.c. after asking god to deliver him from evil
then i'll admit i lost my temper a little bit and asked what's your issue lady, if you don't want to meet up with me just tell me, what's all this "not right now" nonsense.
number of acceptable things candidates can say now down to four
he's the one who would argue with my mother nonstop about trivial things like a bedtime even though she was just a single mother at the time with only the three of us.
she thinks i am an asshole for telling him we would talk about it since we had already decided.
&#x200b; this can't be true, he told me about the job on a friday night, and i gave him my resume sunday.
he accused me of guilt tripping him.
virginia shooting somehow proves what every single american has been saying all along
relationship at point where woman has to learn boyfriend's family's weird card games
the problems began when i tried to ask her out on a second date.
one of the things i needed to do was to come up with new names for our different conference rooms.
she sent me a link about high-context and low-context cultures written by a half-swiss, half-japanese girl who found it difficult to integrate into the japanese culture.
'okay, gene, let's just get through this,' marketing executive beginning day tells self
i latched on to him early in the game because new-ish players are easier to read because they tend to give off "noob tells." i don't recall the exact scenario.
"he's drunk" "he's never done this" "he's never showed romantic interest before" "why would he be into me if all he talks about is his ex?" before this point i never thought she did anything wrong.
gina haspel recalls having to torture more prisoners than male colleagues to prove herself
&#x200b; now i don't hate atheists or harbor any ill will towards them, but i believe that you shouldn't really associate with people that are this tormented.
like 2 months ago he sent me a bunch of drunk snapchats talking about how he loves me and how i’m one of his best friends.
was it reasonable to want my shirt dry cleaned?
hardened snacker keeps trying to rediscover that first mind-blowing nacho cheese high
i was sad but still hoped we could get back together for the first days, until i decided i was always the one trying to get things to work while she didn't care, so i didn't talk to her for 2 days and on each day she sent me a message, the first one saying "wow, you survived a whole day without me, congrats" and the next one was a middle finger emoji.
i can guaranteed he spent a lot of time.
i am the asshole for isolating myself on another continent for two weeks?
i told kelly that i understood where she was coming from, but that i felt hurt that she choose to apply this rule even when it was just us guys from the friend group there.
fast forward to saturday night, during the wedding reception.
given i already had a warning i figured i'd comply and show up.
mike honestly struck me as a bit of a psychopath.
if she died on the second week why was she working form home all of the first week?
about 10 minutes later while the guy was still outside, three cops showed up and started questioning him.
so aita for telling people to basically research online?
ive been doing shit like for two months, partly out of revenge and partly because its funny.
member of book group just loved this book a little less is all
i sent sarah a text saying "hey sarah!
the title screen pops up and the main character is dressed like [this]( my girlfriend sees it and goes "uhh why did they dress her like that?' i told her that the style of anime is like that, there's almost always decent amounts of shirtless dudes and scantily clad women.
silicon valley startup seeks to change the way women flee tech industry
dozens of black-rubber-clad masochists line up outside capitol for paul ryan's job
he lands on an unowned spot and i say i'm going to buy it away next turn (we agreed paying double what he paid on our next turn was legit).
fat kid just wants to watch you guys play
i did find out that one of them probably has bpd, so that can be chalked up to some emotional volatility, but the others...
"no, that's not how it works," they say again sort of devilishly smiling.
he’s been insecure how his career recently so i congratulated him.
waitress only friendly when bringing the check
chuck grassley scratches 'christine blasey's a slut' into senate bathroom stall
i was recently told that a friend, we'll call her k, decided when applying to a highly regarded public university system to write essays for a random subset of the prompts provided by the application, instead of choosing the ones she could most adequately address.
i thought there is enough space for this guy to carry the table through the floor, so i kept looking at my phone.
she asked if i had plans for the rivalry game that is big in my area.
am i the asshole for not wanting to joke with him about something that could be sensitive to him after he did the same to me?
we're a package deal." i tried very calmly and rationally explaining to her the issue and she outright said that i need to figure out what's more important to me because either they both move in with me or we break up and stop wasting each others' time.
it instantly reminded me of when i was in the same situation ttt was in, and my friends made fun of me on a livestream.
he has threatened to kill a 15-year old boy, another one of our friends, he has threatened to kill kc, and her dog, the last of which made me so angry i had to be restrained from stabbing him with a pocket knife.
i have a really close group of friends that i hang out with them at least once a week.
riotous, chanting iowa state fair crowd gathers for annual deep-frying of virgin
so this happened about a decade ago.
then, i asked her what her plans were after they were engaged.
realistic day planner only includes first couple weeks after purchase
vagina medicine left out where anyone can see it
well shortly after my work out, my ex calls me.
wife already knows the one thing she'll say that can never be taken back
i've been searching for every possible way out, and i heard of a financial abortion, or whatever its called.
they're kind of acting like the damsel in distress trope.
i just feel like she doesn’t understand that having a boyfriend will eventually mean the family will be involved, and considering that they’re already starting the relationship off by keeping it a secret from them when they’re already extremely strict, i feel like it really won’t end well.
so me and a guy like to play smash bros on his console during our free period.
nation's moms dance nude around moonlit bonfire to conjure spirit of emma thompson
my friends said that i shouldn't have done that, and that i just wasted what little amount of gas he had, for no reason.
friends trying on each other's glasses revel in glorious mayhem of having slightly different prescriptions
at this point, i'm pissed because i feel like that was something she absolutely should have told me, even back when we got coffee.
as a man, i expected him to show up to my party to show everyone we work with the conflict is over.
so reddit, aita for being upset over how my so uses his pto?
except all of a sudden she got deadly serious.
now rose can worry less about her mother not caring about her and getting support from her mom as well.
going to bed last thing tempurpedic ceo wants to think about after long day at work
victoria asked me if it would make me happy if she chose new orleans for her stagette because i want to go there, or if that would step on my toes.
so why didn't you say that you weren't in the mood or something like that.
airport only place in metro area to buy city's signature food
my wife quit her job two years ago when we had our twins.
john kelly takes responsibility for failing to properly silence victims
he just wants me to ram him, no foreplay or anything.
this strategy generally fails because this man does not breathe.
obama delivers whispered, untelevised speech on gun control
i've sent her a few texts over the years but i think she blocked me and is mad at me since she hasn't responded (though the texts i've sent are very friendly).
for example, something happened today which kinda prompted this post...i sent her a text message asking, in spanish, what a particular word meant in english.
report: it time to give up
so in my school there was this girl that asked me out and i refused she went on to be rude to me and became trans.
i didn't know how to talk to him about it, so i kind of clammed up and was distant for the rest of the evening.
the boy's dad is an absolute dead beat, and being us army i've seen plenty of those so i've done my best to make the boy feel like he's special and deserving of respect.
wibta if i hired a sex worker let me start out by saying that i love my girlfriend deeply, i’m very attracted to her and i don’t want to hurt her.
i fucking hate that woman for treating me like shit literally my whole life, but at the same time i feel like a hypocrite since she gives me food and a place to live.
what do you mean about a therapist having trouble making that assessment?
he went quiet for a few weeks in our group chat.
but, yes, i also was trying to score a few points early in the relationship.
i think i took the moderate middle route.
i asked him why he felt so distant, and he shrugged it off.
applying for scholarships because i can’t get aid.
&#x200b; i haven't done anything really asshole-ish (yet) but i feel like an asshole for not being able to let this go when everyone else apparently has.
i’m now realizing how hard it is to write these posts because there is so much nuance and context to my story but this is the best i can do.
it doesn't even have to be a celebrity.
she cheated on me with my best friend at the time.
i only intended to talk about stuff i'd seen on the internet and though to be interesting, but in hindsight my phrasing implied that i thought *she* didn't have an opinion.
next week's school shooting victims thank senate for failing to pass gun bill
i also have plans to move in with my girlfriend in about 5 months.
bizarre sci-fi novel posits world where natives inhabited america before europeans
that's why when she doesn't reply to me i assume she hates me and i call her out on it.
after 8 months of dating, he’s proposing and has already asked me twice if i’ll be a groomsman.
kavanaugh starting to get worried about not hearing back after job interview
tldr: my car accidentally backfired when putting it in the garage tonight, went to apologize to my neighbors the wife cursed me out and reported it to the landlord when the landlord called i explained myself and told him about how they are violating the no smoking rule by smoking weed inside of the house they are renting.
while we were together, he made a hulu account and used my debit card for it, which i was perfectly fine with.
when i called him out on the name calling this time he said yes, really he was calling me a cunt because i was being a cunt and he would continue to call me a cunt for the rest of our lives if i was in fact being a cunt.
later that night, when we were alone, she asked me to go with her on a day trip to asheville which is about 2 hours from my town.
so this weekend was white tie night.
defunct 4-year-old sports blog still lurking on internet
a different person drove since we figured out she lives less than a mile up the road.
he said he liked it but he can see why i didn’t because it was bland but he doesn’t like strong flavors.
or should i have just given it a chance?
report: authorities recommend the film 'you've got mail' for those snowed in today
but loud and fun on backroads.
this morning, i ran outside with a poop bag, took the poop, followed him discreetly, and when he went inside his apartment i took the poop and smeared his door handle with it.
matt damon mans warner brothers booth at college campus's career day
some of you phrased it very aptly, in a way that really made me understand why i was in the wrong.
on the other hand i can't help but be unhappy with the situation.
tldr: am i the asshole because i don't want her to go do something that could possibly make her life (and maybe mine) better?
they hadn’t publicly stated they weren’t together.
concerned parents demand removal of arsenic from periodic table of elements
if he was asian or white, i'm sure mom would love him, or at least be willing to meet him, and that's what i think is so unfair.
my parents gave me death glares and weren’t too fond on my criticism that i said aloud.
aita for leaving my girlfriend of two weeks.
john boehner's wife calls for her shutdown king to come back to bed
i also found out that she had a new boyfriend.
kasich privately worried he'll never have charisma necessary to incite supporters to violent frenzy
one of my neighbors i have a good relationship with, and she doesn't mind the barking.
&#x200b; to celebrate our college graduation last year, four of my friends and i planned to go on a week-long trip to denmark (right next door for us).
my wife didn't know what to do, since that was the car she'd always wanted, since college (not sure why a chevy sonic is her dream car, but i'm not a car guy so i dunno....) i laid into this guy, mostly out of frustration for how sad my wife was at the turn of events, and really made sure he knew we would not be conducting business with him anymore, regardless of our car needs.
time-traveling hillary clinton warns self to do everything in exact same way
literary study finds all modern narratives derived from classic 'alien vs. predator' conflict
didn't need to be said but whatever.
giuliani clarifies he doesn't want gravestone to say 'he married his cousin' either
we're an edgy bunch, so yes, some of it was porn with him shopped in or generally really offensive, but we didn't think he minded, since he is even more edgy + generally messed up.
i drive to high school each day, and before the start of school, two of my friends said that we should all drive to school together.
they took that as me "roasting" her like typical teenage boys.
i (28f) have been friends with slim (35m) for over a year now.
in the morning i studies and worked, but not on the makeup extension.
while i appreciated the gift i just don't really like that shops stuff anymore.
so my boyfriend and i had sort of a weird argument last night.
nabisco baffled after trump administration gives it $200 million contract to rebuild puerto rico's roads
precocious teen able to read, write
the ensuing argument is basically a revolving door of m continuing to rationalize their behavior ("i'm basically guaranteed to get in anyways so it's fine!"), to me civilly but forcefully explaining why i thought they were severely hurting their chances to save 10 minutes, to k telling me that i need to chill.
**almost everyone says they think he's gay.
we can still catch up every so often but most weekends (husband) and i like to spend it with the kids and ourselves" i was shocked.
i fear that her job will be the death of her.
she breaks up with him before christmas break, we get off school, come back, and i notice she's acting different.
so the other night or so an unsuspecting me was contacted by my bestfriend, let's say taylor, telling me about how she was experiencing relationship troubles.
background: i was arrested for violating a restraining order.
cbs reveals 'big bang theory' season 12 will explore why sheldon keeps job after sexually harassing 6 research assistants
she and her new boyfriend know about how c and i don’t like each other, yet they mutually decided it didn’t matter to them.
local man dies following short battle with gas leak explosion
blood-soaked mayor bloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
aita for being pissed with my gf for abandoning me?
i want to decrease the probability of that happening in this relationship.
aita for telling a friend i would sell her my bedroom suit and then give it to someone else?
president urges calm, restraint among nation's ballad singers
aita for wanting my parents to sell me a car they're buying.
so her parents are a lot more protective this year than last and it’s impacting our sex life.
then he asks me if my so and i want to go to an event he's going to, too.
i guess they were "dating" (he's fifteen, so i don't consider it such).
i’m not one to be a jerk and leave without notice but i feel bad.
at the start of december i met this other girl (let’s call her s) through a mutual friend and we quickly became friends and i started to develop feelings for her.
i didn’t mean to shoot his dog but he definitely deserved it.
so… am i the asshole for acting like this?
that said, this particular happened about five days ago.
i still eat the food provided by everyone, so i still feel guilty about it.
open dialogue two americans having about race pretty hilarious
guy who got laid off just glad multi-national corporation will make it
-i’m 28, unemployed, and live with my parents.
i said "what we got to talk about?
she actually got up and picked me up in her car.
visible panty line discussed like it's cancer
teen male vaguely unnerved by nude pantyhose rack at kmart
looking back, i can see now that some of those jokes were his way of flirting with me, and i was completely naive.
logging industry announces that they just can't fucking get enough of logs
she calls her mother at least twice a day, for an hour each time, because she can't stand being alone.
terri schiavo's corpse blown away by hurricane
whenever my mom comes around, she starts going ballistic about it and demanding that we give her a deposit and saying the deposit won't be enough and the landlord is going to sue her when we move out.
they always tell kids to tell their parents but they never really tell you, the parent, what to do.
as of today, i can slowly limp 100m before i need to sit, and can probably do 500m on crutches if there's an emergency.
nasa announces plans to place giant pair of shades on sun
love letter made longer by increasing margins
the circumstances were too good to pass up.
unstoppable killing machine out of toner
people apparently been using rest stop barbecue pit
department of the interior sets aside two million acres for car commercials
preface this with a disclaimer- i do not believe in equality of the sexes.
she told me basically what i’m shocked to think they’re teaching children that age and then she showed me a condom that was given to her.
his plans for the day consisted of picking up his ~~"baby mama"~~ child's mother from work (she doesn't have a car) around 2:00 or 2:30, getting his daughter and her other children from her grandmother's house, going to his mother's house where they'd eat a meal, driving everyone back to the ~~baby mama's~~ mother's grandmother's house after dinner, potentially stepping inside to eat some of her food, then maybe even driving the ~~baby mama~~ mother back to her own apartment.
i, a friend of ours and her, all went out one night.
she states that she celebrated christmas so my siblings and i could have what she never did and proceeds into a long rant about how i'm so self absorbed, so rude, and how i don't deserve anything i own.
but in the 7 years after nothing of a romantic nature has happened between us.
a lot of guys assuming i abuse my girlfriend and that i don’t deserve woman.
in my heart i still loved her but my brain had had enough clearly, i was literally destroying myself inside.
banking reform measure prevents chick-fil-a from calling itself a bank
the following day she proceeded to berate and blame my class for having done so poorly on the test, even though we had only spent about a week and a half on the material, and (at least i believe) that when a class does so poorly on a given test, it is the teacher's fault for making the test too hard.
california to release all prisoners who seem nice enough
i didn’t tell him where i had got the idea from either.
portrait next to coffin most likely the deceased
reporters comb new orleans for heartwarming story
so one time when we all went camping together i overheard her tell him they couldn’t do anything because she was in her dangerous time and couldn’t find her todays sponge and using only condoms would be too risky.
i left because of the boss.
it's kinda why i stated in the original post that i didn't expect anything, and that he was only keeping my things as a favor, and i knew that it wasn't my house so i have no say in anything (maybe people just didn't read everything?).
i was looking for a daytime nanny and figured i would start on my school’s listserv to see if any of the undergrad students would be interested.
unearthed cave painting of wooly mammoth, saber-tooth tiger reveals humans have debated what things would win in a fight since 30,000 b.c.
&#x200b; i know the knee jerk answer is for me to get headphones.
like either just breathing or saying i can see you.
cindy and i have dated for a few months.
nostalgic hope hicks barely recognizes young woman on white house id badge
question is: am i an asshole, taking profit, even without being aware of it, of the weakness of a friend to avoid going foward?
attended a high school party a few weeks back where the host, someone i know quite well, had two large numbers 1 and 7 helium balloons.
-had his father (who goes to the same gym as me) approach me to give it to him.
over and over throughout the semester.
man always makes sure to put phone on silent before misplacing it
email from coworker trying to organize office-wide social outing so unbearably sad
'it's simply bursting with creative wonder,' says reviewer of new game where mario sometimes dresses as chef
or starters, i'm a male in his mid twenties and until today i was engaged to a woman also in her mid twenties.
i lost contact with friends i have had for years, since they had gotten an image of me being a person that i really don't want to associate with, and fortunately have grown past.
we dont have the extra funds to be buying pot ect.
they agreed and i thought it was fine.
i thought since we treated everything as a competition, he'd be fine.
new national park caters to business travelers
aita for expecting my girlfriend to move on short notice?
man torn between boycotting indiana, visiting evansville zoo
aita for wanting to return clothes i didn't like?
she then asks what my friend has that she doesn't, and i decide not to engage any further.
because he was listening to some singers (he was also with his friend).
so kind people of reddit, who is the asshole here?
she's a truly great person who has been open and honest with me since day one.
but i think clear coat might be too much, that's not what i'm asking for.
i guess what makes me insecure is the idea that she may (either now or someday) harbor some sexual needs or desires that i simply will never be able to provide for her.
or is he being a drama queen like i think?
asexually reproduced sea sponge worried she's turning into herself
she’s my mom, and i think it’s time i can call her that.
i wasn't aware that my sister was eavesdropping and she told me that she didn't appreciate what i was doing and took the girls away.
me and my friend we're trying to order kebab and just as he wants to order jacks body decided tot throw it all out.
pulitzer feeling increasingly out of place in washington post office
hundreds of people who will die before christmas really excited for holiday season
he was really upset and i haven't talked to him since.
>me: that's not how this should work.
truth told i’d much rather have spent $10!
but of course he just ignores me and continues.
i'm from the uk, and this is technically illegal here (and i'm also pretty sure it's against their company policy).
man does what he convinced himself he loves for a living
we have no place for a baby.
really it’s a joke, but i would appreciate the water.
'game of thrones' fans shocked after some little goblin or something killed off in last night's episode
nation's women not as crazy about bryan gosling
so i said "great we're done here then" and just deleted the invoice altogether.
area man unsure whether he's on right bus for most of trip
nation's women fantasize about some future election that isn't absolutely pivotal to their well-being
whenever i am smoking on the sidewalk houses are so close that i feel like i am smoking on their front porch.
mom announces plans to get out some of your old baby stuff and quietly stare at it
it feels like it just happened so randomly, and it did.
we kill the 20 minutes having a chat about some of the stuff in the museum part of the planetarium and ourselves.
i tapped on the desk and asked her if it would be okay if i used that computer and explained my situation with the software, to which she replied in an aggravated tone that 'she just set up her work and that (my peers) were annoying her and because of this she downloaded a white noise app on her phone to block them out'.
did i take it too far or is rodger just taking out his anger on me?
i have talk about this with her but she think it is better to lent him the money and let him pay us back when he is done with his education, where i disagree and just want to spend time with my brother, and i am not interested in drowning him in debt, but simply getting the time we both used to enjoy together back.
i appreciated the sentiment at first, we would do things like get our nails done or go out to movies.
we walked to the waterfall and he said, "i don't want to take advantage of a drunk girl, but will you marry me?" got down on one knee with the ring.
it looked like a great oxymoron.
at home i would say that he was kind to us 70% of the time.
i truthfully don't understand why it became a big deal.
usda rolls out new school brunch program for wealthier school districts
swim stands for someone who isnt me ;) but clearly swim was an asshole and should have kept his anger close.
department of interior reopens national parks after filling in all canyons posing hazardous fall risk to visitors
met a girl at work about a month ago.
but she wanted i’m back because he guy she was dating cheated on her.
i'm waiting for your breakout game, let's win this game." and stuff like that, but over time i get so frustrated (even though it's not all his fault) and i say "c'mon man.
i work in a small room of cubicles in a hospital.
new tesla model 3 goes from zero to engulfed in flames in 3.5 seconds
relatively minor compared to some stuff i've seen here but still potential asshole territory.
it was 6-7 miles back to her house, but only about 1-1.5 miles to a main road with public businesses and she knows the area very well.
coworker who already breathes, chews loudly thinking about getting into arrhythmically drumming on desk
i told my best friend that i really liked this girl and he was sort of my wingman as she was a mutual friend of ours.
study finds exposure to violent children causes increased aggression in video game characters
government official who makes perfectly valid, well-reasoned point against israel forced to resign
christian slater dropped from list of names to drop
i (23m) am in an intense graduate school program while my girlfriend (21f) is finishing her last year of college, and for 2 years we have been happily together and i do not see that changing anytime soon.
she agreed, wrote him a love letter and was relatively pleasant on the goodbye as he moved out.
there is not much room for a friendship amongst this, as she has two kids who go to school, and her partners job is full on.
was i wrong to say something to her about this?
saudis admit journalist khashoggi died during botched assassination attempt
i was so confused, i thought he’d get a chuckle out of it considering that she’s obviously not fat and that she’s just extremely pregnant.
area woman wants to be singer or actor or whatever
he responded that he's dealt with racist parents in the past, and that he still liked me and was willing to face such complications.
russian government finishes euthanizing thousands of stray journalists for world cup
&#x200b; tl:dr -i jokingly called a friend a nonce, now she is refusing to talk to me.
area man realizes he's not the cool uncle
so, me being a young man, decided to complain to my friends, a group of girls, about how she was faking it and skipping school.
i feel kind of bad for her bf because i kind of guessed that i am going to cause them to break up and our friendship is more than just friendship.
he also told me that i have many things to be grateful for that he doesn't have, like a very powerful pc, and an xps laptop, a massive collection of rubik's cubes, which i had to restart a year ago when he destroyed all 37 cubes i owned and had been collecting for 7 years and were worth over 500usd.
magical homeless man turns spare change into vomit
if i test what his motives truly are?
dow up 300 after deaths of 400
it's fine, nothing happened to her phone, but i feel guilty about what happened.
ok, so i was trying to make a dash to mcdonalds to grab some food before a show came on.
fema recommends americans always have go-bag packed in case past finally catches up with them
i organized all of these pictures into three "chapters" in the album.
the previous year she had bought her brother a lamp as his present, so to her this made a lot more sense as someone else would get a lot more use out of it.
i begged him to change his mind and i warned her and told her all about his past.
report: jessica milly has put out
dog experiences best day of his life for 400th consecutive day
anyways we went hiking and only my dog enjoyed everyone's company that day.
missing mount everest climbers feared buried under avalanche of dead mount everest climbers
i am ok with it because i trust her, and because they were just friends for over a year after they broke up.
aita for always trying to help?
aita for forcing my so to stay at a party?
i told her to open it.
in the mornings before we go to work, during the day when we're at home, in the evenings when we get back from work.
as it is 10 and i have about 1 day from then to study i told him i would do it later and worked before sleeping.
anyway, aita for how im treating this girl, since i've rejected her, got close to her and done the same thing all over a couple times now?
aita if i break up through text we're both 19, almost 20 in a month.
defiant pelosi begins swimming to afghanistan after trump denies use of government plane
now there are more red flags then a soviet union military parade.
this is a throwaway account, as i don't want my so to see this.
asshole even shoots pool like an asshole
>me: i'm still upset about mouse game.
i'm not saying he isn't allowed to watch whatever movie unless it's with me, of course not, but it's literally all the time.
report: 32% of prayers deflected off passing satellites
about 5 or 10 minutes into the 45 min drive, my girlfriend mentioned that she had to pee very badly.
u.s. won't rule out escalating defense-sector profits from syria conflict
i feel like this is an everyone's an asshole here but i don't know, aita?
michelle obama renovates van buren workout room
i decided to consult friends, both hers and mine.
i want him to fail so much its killing me.
i had a very traumatic experience when i was young witnessing a pet die.
palm tree in hurricane irma's path ready to bend real good for cameras
i usually leave after my legs fall asleep, i get hungry, or bored.
the class is full of females, low income, usually single/young moms.
around 10 pm i got a hankering for some hard boiled eggs, so i boiled 5 eggs and had a tall glass of milk, her eggs and milk.
but i explained that it's different because when she gives me **general** advice i value her input greatly, comparably to my mother's advice.
when i explain to him he thinks it's all crazy, but laughs, and we continue on.
man has mosquito on the run
she then crosses my red line where she threatens to find out my "other girls" and tell them how apparently i kicked her out when she was vulnerable.
the lecturer has not spoken to the people involved other than me and they have all confirmed to me after this incident that they do not mind at all.
guantánamo prisoners released into cheering dnc crowd
i texted her saying i was sorry for whatever i did wrong and that i'd like to see her again soon, so far no response.
star wars news net joins hundreds of publications in condemning trump's attacks on the press
new employee still eager enough to pick up slack for coworkers
i had successfully gotten my paper towels and felt like maybe i was wrong to do this and when i turned around i saw a group of people giving me concerned looks.
it's not worth it.) **tl;dr**: brake-checked an aggressive tailgater when i could've safely gotten out of the way.
we are great companions and are very much in love and do enjoy passionate times, but it rarely leads to actually crossing home plate.
we regained our texting and friendship again but i kept my distance when relationship was brought up.
(cheap apple earbuds) after classes to unwind (at random times from 12-9pm) i try and produce on these speakers.
parents gently explain to son why family dog had to be blown up with dynamite
aita for telling my bf we should breakup for not watching my daughter?
syrian rebels, government think it's about time to call syria a day
as we were walking, i slipped on (3rd-4th from the bottom) a stair and slid all the way down to the bottom.
he just says that he understands, says that he'll kill me if i kill myself, but that i still should do everything someone asks me.
pork chop trapped in airtight container
'piggies' written in blood on clouds only clue in shocking murder of six angels
woman sets google alert for kevin costner
i was furious with her and we had a very serious argument, and similarly she tried to turn it against me by saying that i was being unfair.
this wasn't a hard written rule but was something we did in the summer and the bosses were kind of strict about it so i was supposed make sure staff didn't park in the parking lot at the bottom of the hill, or especially along the road next to it.
fourth-grade teacher polishing up speech on this not being third grade anymore
corporation proud of origins as small business that would never survive in modern economy
a girl i know just got out of a 4 year relationship and a few months after their breakup, i jokingly asked "now that you're single, are you going to hop on tinder and just bounce from pussy to dick,pussy to dick?
that i need to stop getting upset at him working unpaid hours because he just gets paid per day, no matter how late he stays back.
since the beginning he would randomly tell me my mom is coming to get my daughter or that he was going to drop her off or she was going to stay the night there on his nights watching her.
some of my friends and i were talking in a group chat, and one of my friends (let’s call her y) started sending very fake looking stock photos of people vomiting for some reason.
needless to say, i told her i’d check up on him and let her know what was up.
i told aiden we don't want to keep secrets from his mom but maybe lets just not talk about this and it was between us.
i really, really wanted it to work but it was just so hard on him.
it was planned for after i came back from three months overseas for a job.
i wish i could have answers but i know you don’t want to be pressed (you said you didn’t wanna talk).
not going to the door, and almost always going to the door are not the same.
i felt it was necessary to the story to know he'd been actively dating since the breakup, and not just moping over kendra.
i go to pickup the prescription with my wife and son, and the car is dead.
i say sure, because that’s what friends are for.
it’s irritating i have to spend extra time cleaning, especially since i cleaned our dorm alone for the entire first month.
anyway, i haven't explicitly asked him to "choose" between us, mainly because a) he's my brother?
i insisted john think about returning the skateboard, and he said he would think about it.
now he's very angry and yelling to me via text.
man who stopped dieting already seeing results
i admit on my part that i should have asked him to come over.
so it's her birthday, i wished her on my way to work(face to face) , during work i got pretty busy, ended up in my zone(i love my job), worked for long hours and totally forgot about the party.
i understand the part where i could have put myself in danger, but i approached b’s house very alert and searched for anything that was out of the ordinary before entering.
i apologized and he said it was ok and that it was not a big deal.
the usual, "are you ok?", "is everything alright?", and then finally as we pull into the parking lot and put my car into park she asks me in a scared voice "are you breaking up with me?" in that moment i knew i was fucked.
60-year-old hippie pitied by 40-year-old punk
i can’t believe she thinks i deserve that for jokingly telling a friend to send her badly faked pictures of someone throwing up.
single nurse can't help but notice man isolated for ebola not wearing a ring
millions of excited americans gather to watch candidates deliver series of short, elaborately rehearsed speeches
frustration with husband taken out on soap scum
topeka mayor now highest-ranking non-indicted republican official
and yet, i've not ended it.
reddit, aita for lying to her?
yeah, she'll pee in her box, but also on our stuff.
river is the dm of my other campaign with several of my good friends in it as well.
it needed to gain traction fast or else it would die in obscurity.
polish rapper under fire for use of the word 'polack'
kamikaze swimmers finally reach pearl harbor
he and his girlfriend have been dating 8 years so this seemed like a possibility.
this happened a few years ago, but i’m still torn about it.
so would i be the asshole for going through with this plan and stirring up a bunch of shit?
m told me later in a private meeting he also thought this meant cleaning dishes and cleaning each others rooms.
just as about 25 minutes had passed, she suddenly returned.
paul manafort starts new job lobbying prison guards on behalf of aryan brotherhood
purdue pharma reports opioid deaths falling short of quarterly goals
after orgasming i feel a wave of depression hit me...and a wave of existential crisis.
humiliated baboon unable to keep ass swollen in front of mate
pope died as he lived: propped up for public viewing
but i am feeling really confused with this one.
up to this point i have never told his wife (or any of his previous gfs when he was cheating on them), it was just one of those things where i said, "not my life, not my problem" well last night we got into an argument while we were at a local brewery.
pop culture site powering through 4 weeks of sponsored posts for movie its film critic called 'contemptible trash'
the lies are in bold and black, underlined.
mccain campaign nabs top obama pun writer
george w. bush forgets to mention 9/11 in memoir
new apple campaign urges consumers to buy iphone for other hand
she insisted talk but i really did not have energy.
so last week on thursday my son showed me a video recorded by someone in class showing the teacher making fun of my son ( stuff like: “not only a slow body but also a slow brain”..
i was just really annoyed at this point and was happy to not be living there.
not sure if that is relevant to the story but it might help.
report: u.s. still leads world with highest density of kevins
and other than her loss of hearing i think she's in generally good health.
just a bunch of stop motion clay forming people and houses.
reagan's memory honored with sharp increase in federal budget deficit
bloated obama delivers press conference from couch behind podium
castro leaves hospital two years younger, four inches taller
drunk man dangerously close to figuring out you're fucking with him
he is mediocre, and i want to pull his plug myself so that we can finally move forward.
ask him/her!" and then directing me to another person who would repeat it over and over until the day before the party.
i don't remember how it started back up again but, my mom started getting really angry and started actually yelling about my grades.
i just didn't talk to him that night even when he was spamming my phone with messages saying he wanted to work it out.
i also said that her father and i share finances so sending m to sat prep and other things is my right to do.
my mom got home from the grocery store as i was eating my pizza, and my sister complained.
i've talked to them less over time, only for family visits and appointments with my psych since i need an adult present to get my antidepressants.
i won several games as corrin, but when i claimed i was undefeated the other 3 people we were playing with claimed that i had lost one game to one of them, even though i absolutely am sure that i did not- i even took notes on my winrates and was sure that i had a 100% wr on corrin.
nation's journalists remember quaint time when 'huffington post' seemed like death of news industry
man has mixed feelings about $39 flight
also, i'm not from a english speaking country, i'm still learning the language so sorry if i made some dumb mistakes.
report: many americans too willing to ask for help
about 80% of her messages would be "hey", "yes", "no", "haha", "maybe", or just same vague emoji of a girl shrugging her arms.
so i let my brother have my car since his was basically totaled.
but, this is really eating me up on the inside.
actress leaves porn past behind with new cinemax erotic thriller
shocking 'game of thrones' finale concludes with arrest of 5 million viewers for piracy
as i said, he is fantastic, wonderful, sweet, and caring.
so it's not like i'm flipping this property and pulling a fast one on my brothers, in fact, i'm going to need to do foundation work, put on a new roof, install new windows, and do several other pricey renovations to the property.
i have two nieces that adore me but i truly don't get along with my sister so i see them at this party and the random times my mom will have them.
swing states roughed up by bush, kerry operatives
it's not that she is adopted, at least i am pretty certain this is not the case because during my childhood my mom had a best friend who was male and chinese.
i'm down to chat if you need it." he blocked me without responding, so i'm not sure what's up with him, but this post is about me so forget that dude for now.
man too deep into sentence to avoid saying word he can't pronounce
waitress who took over at table just doesn't have same spark as richard
i feel like helping her get over her hangups could be a good thing for her
god urges rick perry not to run for president
your concern about people outside of the family knowing is troublesome to me.
depressed crab stays buried under sand until 2 p.m.
tv critics admit to never having watched the wire
white person waved past beeping walgreens security barrier
trump mocks christine blasey ford for forgetting basic facts about a woman's place
new triple-x dinosaur park opens in nevada
morbidly curious nation wondering how far obama's appearance will deteriorate in 2 years
aita for having an outburst at a family member?
study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert
then, like an idiot, i take this opportunity where i can finally talk about that side of myself and start explaining all my other thoughts and activities like watching the snuff videos and torture and stuff.
if you don't like long posts please consider this a time-saving disclaimer.
but, in the end started to grow knowledgeable.
yesterday night my son is telling me all about how he's getting a switch.
i was gonna give him a chance, he came up with a plan- an outlet for pent up emotions, he was gonna work out every day and i was going to do it too.
edit changed the number of sisters missed typed it
report: underfunded public schools lacking basic support systems leave students perfectly prepared for rest of life
by the time my sister returned with my lunch, the break was well over.
so what do you think, aita?
and i believe a therapist/psychiatrist will have trouble making that assessment because we are all inherently biased when communicating with professionals.
my boyfriend has provided me with an ultimatum that i need to cease my extra curricular activities and commit to a monogamous relationship, or we need to break up.
so they are continuing to use my things even though they have all brand new appliances which confuses me.
\- the money would be much better spent going towards the house.
we are in russia, so spacing is weird anyway, but basically his room is also the living room.
so it's last and i can facetime dad and pass the phone off.
aita for calling someone out for calling the ferguson police officer a “hideous monster”?
my neighbors are another young couple (20-24) and up to this point have been really cool with us and talked to us to try to resolve issues before going to the landlord or police.
he was doing a show in town so i send him a message and we got to talking.
day chalked up as loss by 10:15 a.m.
old and i was able to follow my passion and graduate from a great college just like my parents hoped and i’m now employed in a different city with a decently well-paying job with enough income to support my standard of living without any financial issues.
ailing castro begins 750,000 last words
aita for cussing my father out?
john hickenlooper announces support for nuking australia just to see if anyone paying attention
i've been to this restaurant before and the guac is really good on some days and ok on other days.
our brain stores a condensed, easily accessible version of what took place.
i am exercising more often, smiling in my day-to-day life, and rarely feel tempted by greed or other negative emotions.
she told me right away, and she made brief small talk with him to see if he would try anything, but she eventually just stopped responding.
grandfather tries to make first fall as cool-looking as possible
report: more recent college graduates making extra money by tutoring high school teachers
my question is to you: how much of an asshole am i?
papa john's founder launches new chain of fast-casual segregated lunch counters
nation's cable companies announce they're just going to take $100 from everyone
insatiable water droplet barrels down windowpane consuming everything in its path
i wall over, quickly grab two pristine, pan-fried brats off of her plate and retreat to my room to eat and sleep before i have to be up at nine again.
aita for sending a friend of a friend out of my house and rage at him when he puked in my house while we're stoned.
realized she was being selfish and that our relationship was one-sided and ended it 2 weeks after she got married.
mind you i have also been giving them dirty looks during the film when they've been talking and some of them noticed then promptly shut up but then another one would start, they never stopped for the entire 150mins of the screening.
as time progrest (2 minutes) i felt more and more rage coming and if my friends didn't stop me there would be serious harm to jack because i was cooking.
a few days back we spent the day together and got fairly physical (no sex tho), but we spend a long time just holding eachother, and holdin hands.
her birthday is today (currently 2:28 am she’s asleep).
he's regularly trying for promotions and other means to better his position, in hopes to ultimately get a better job.
i was going to drive grandma around because she wanted to go around places.
hundreds of cheap, generic doorstops flood market after doorblocker patent runs out
diplomatic pete buttigieg quickly changes subject from politics at town hall to avoid arguments
i mention the pizza which he claims is an unfair comparison.
aita for getting mildly annoyed by my so's scheduling involving her period?
his parents aren't the judge-y type either.
mortgage market collapse threatens nation's banner ad industry
facebook vows not to hand over users' medical records to government
entitled deadbeat finally breaks out of 20-year cycle of government dependency
lester holt begins debate by reminding audience these the candidates they chose
it doesn't mean everyone's one cent needs to be the same as yours.
i put my foot down and said that i love her, and that the type of relationship i have with her comes once in a lifetime.
all is well, and the situation was handled.
they took me to a destination i asked not to go to and they didn't organize any games or anything.
my wife and i have a son who was born a few months ago.
&#x200b; thank you everyone for your input!
she also has a boyfriend, so a lot of the times we hang out i’m being third wheeled.
i was totally laughing my ass off because when she left i started telling the girls that actually giftmas is not really "christian" at all, it's just a redoing of a pagan ceremony of saturnalia in order to trick people into giving money to the church.
i don’t want to be in my mid to late thirties with a toddler.
man failing to heed harsh lessons of past orders sonic bacon cheeseburger toaster
i ran to the bathroom and burst into tears before collecting myself and taking k his paperwork.
that’s around when i start to wind down after i clean up the house and shower but whatever a 25 minute ride isn’t the end of the world, so of course i say yes.
senate unable to get enough republican votes to honor 'to kill a mockingbird'
but i think i was pretty aggressively accusing him of being scum with exactly 0 evidence.
i wander over to where pa’s group is to get my gift card back and to understand why she did me dirty.
too bad, still need to go in.
daily meditation really helping man stay self-centered
i’ve seen this girl three or four other since then, and every time she’s seen me, she’ll make a big show of it, roll her eyes, and be like “oh it’s you again”, then proceed to passive aggressively stare at me and make things really awkward, or just leave.
then i looked at her fingers too and noticed she has hair in similar places there.
so, i asked what her deal was.
6-year-old hoping it's not too late to shift career path from astronaut to firefighter
me, imitating him: wej that's njot ho wules wok.
again, she left it unread for a few days (despite being online in the meantime) only to read it today without responding.
***i*** have spent money on this, far more than i've received from them.
earlier today she was yelling at me because i was indecisive as to whether to make a turn into burger king or to my school and i didn't have enough information about the status of my choir leaving for disney.
so small backstory to pretext to why i got upset in todays events...
never mind when my brother buys my 4 year old niece a box of krispy kremes at 10 a clock at night, when she had chik fil a for dinner, then knocks off my advocacy for health as "hippy shit." their lives are in shambles behind the illusion curtain of "success", and i truly feel like they constantly try to drag me down with them.
she is a virgin and we are waiting for her to be ready.
aita for kicking my "ex" out after finding out she slept with my friend in my living room?
when i was fourteen i could hardly imagine seeing it, and my brother’s being handed the opportunity on a silver platter.
man driving while making youtube video to explain how pc culture destroying america
'game of thrones' fans excited to hear series will finally be over
however, after a year the intimacy and sex stopped.
she followed it up with, “that, and i pray for you everyday 😘” now, for a bit of back story.
my parents have seen the baby roughly every 3 weeks despite wanting to see her all the time.
clinton 'glad to be back in civilization again'
report: texting while driving okay if you look up every couple seconds
nation gets really tired all of a sudden
police headquarters completes new addition to accommodate officers on desk duty for misconduct
especially with someone who doesn't sew or has any knowledge about sewing?
\-she was like "you heard me." at this point, i was seething.
trump privately terrified his sexual assault victims will someday come forward
study finds health benefits associated with seriously considering going vegetarian for a while now
area man cleans apartment once every relationship
this wasn't a problem until the debate, which, despite the main rule about keeping things civil, got a little heated, especially between me and her.
trump covered in own shit after furloughed white house staff fail to bathe president
raccoon crushed to death by garbage truck hits jackpot with reincarnation
to this day he gets annoyed whenever i give him the slightest bit of shit about the situation even though i don't really care anymore.
on the one hand, they rescued this kitten.
to me you should take the best 20-30 gender does not matter.
after explaining the incident, he quickly changed his tone and apologized, citing “the holidays” as a reason he was so upset with my supposed scamming.
often they are also quite obese and take up a lot of space.
some more time passes and my wife landed a really sweet job and i got promoted, so we're making ends meet and then some; and we've had the opportunity to start saving more and just being more financially solid.
it was 123450 so i could easily remember it.
every morning between 5-6am they are so fucking loud.
i'm 6'4 so it's usually not a challenge for me.
i brought it up with him later and he was just like “can we talk about something else?” clearly he didn’t want to have the conversation so i dropped it with him.
it started off i believe by watching violent movies, and then i drifted into reading comics with a lot of gore, then finally into comics dedicated to extreme torture and internet snuff films.
dea seizes half-built suspension bridge from bogotá to miami
edit2: i hope i don’t sound defensive because i’m truly absorbing what everyone is saying, but i don’t think i did a good job explaining the degree in which we are both aware of each other’s interest or lack there of.
study: good porn still hard to find
aita for wanting to talk to my boyfriend even though he was tired last night my bf and i were playing a game and calling each other (we don’t live together).
tldr; joined female streamers stream, joked that it was boring, i got banned.
after finding out i had no idea who this guy was, and finding out that they've been talking one on one for a while during school, i flipped out on her.
white house flag now moving minute to minute to indicate trump's mood
ted then said, "check out this f****t trying to act tough.
we took a trip to hawaii over his christmas holiday vacation and we were having a great time.
cnn investigating reports of wolf blitzer's highly proper sexual conduct
i will bring the coupon next time, and not be a dumbass.
almost all the speakers are locals who are hardly qualified and who also happen to be buddies with the young new principal (he's verrry young for the position and he only became incharge 2 years ago and he's only like 10 years older than me).
i also do have money saved up but not enough to be able to afford rent after i pay this deposit.
sometimes i don't see him for months on ends and i really just wanted to spend time with my father.
it took me forever to muster the courage to do this.
i was two wins away from the upper edge of my ranking tier, when it came to time for team practice.
while we did it we found bottles of alcohol, used condoms and a pregnancy test as well as a knife.
we had a peer review after each one that was given directly to the professor that he said would be used to adjust our grades at the end of the semester.
rambleton to our project and he’s in the meetings i’ll be heading.
i have always been expected to put their wants/needs over mine while ignoring all the issues they caused me if not i was selfish or whatever else my parents could think of.
ceo unveils bold new plan to undo damage from last year's bold new plan
celebrity smell-alike sweats just like alec baldwin
she's fairly outgoing and has many friends, some of them are dudes.
he acts like he doesn't know whats going on.
my husband made a couple of casual comments about it and i avoided the topic.
i find these boring but i so enjoy socializing and having a few drinks.
i got upset with him and told him he was hurting my feelings, but he couldn't stop laughing.
i make good money and i would definitely make sure my kids are getting enough money for everything.
aita for being mad at my dad so i got home from school early (finals week) and noticed my dad is home early.
i'll admit it, i'm the jealous type, but i really don't consider myself controlling.
aita for hooking up with a slump buster?
iowa resident has opinion month too late
i want people who are in a position to have children to treat adoption s more than a last resort because they aren't the only ones suffering and are clearly in a position to help someone who is suffering.
ive been planning this party for a long time and its way too late to cancel.
i met a girl over tinder, we exchanged numbers, chatted for a few days and agreed to meet for drinks at a bar.
i tell him, "i barely got any onions in the bite".
also, the fact that i was on edge all this time, my anger was always just boiling under the surface.
new ed mcmahon autobiography reveals he slept with 7 women
i get to her apartment and i get dressed, but all the while i'm thinking about all the responsibility i have.
and his wife came up to me.
everyone who started watching 'mad money' in 2005 now billionaires
after being rejected every time, i stopped.
aita: for wanting to sleep in the same bed as my fiancée?
guy who used drawing of self on dating website must be fun and also attractive
grandma jumps into buick for emergency birdseed run
aita for getting emotional after my husband said he is too tired to have sex?
report: ocean levels could rise foot or more if lots of people go swimming
still, i feel like i fucked up.
we all currently live around dc and we went up to the northeast for thanksgiving.
i honestly don't remember how much time passed between the two points.
my friend replied that she wouldn't notice and it was "only a small carton worth about 30p" and took it anyway.
i am being treated like im in the wrong in this situation so lets see what you guys think.
he said that that wasn't how he remembered it, and he'd prefer that i wait until he was out of the house.
trump retweets video from anti-muslim hate group
i hope you didn’t send that to anyone else.
it kind of makes me more disappointed because she expressed that she’d try than if she hadn’t said anything at all.
apparently they found coke or heroine in one of the bathrooms which was surprising because my school is known for pot because the school is kinda hippy and preppy in the way where you shouldn't find coke or heroine.
depressed gallup director issues poll asking whether anyone would care whether he lives or dies
so, seeing as i was due in the area for some errands, i decided to gatecrash, and act dumb to screw their party up.
if you taste something and wonder, 'what's that super subtle flavor?' she'll tell you, 'it's anchovy paste/sumac/lavender/some other obscure spice that you would never think of.' when someone is cooking something and they go, 'it's missing something,' she can tell you *exactly* what it needs.
he ranted about everything going on with him and he said that he felt ashamed.
talking with a friend who is descended from indigenous people of northern amercia.
but i’ll let someone know if what they’re doing it’s hurting/bothering me in some way.
she agreed but told me she still doesn't like it.
area man still searching for hookup subculture on linkedin
if you've asked me a direct question and i haven't answered, i'm sorry.
this is my first cycle since the operation.
new 'star wars' film once again disappoints die-hard nien nunb fans
1) the only way in which my disability gets involved in this story is that it denies me the purchasing of a car, because it would be too expensive at the moment compared to the average car.
aita for getting upset about my trpg players talking about my game behind my back?
i apologise for the misunderstanding but say i did not steal the chair and they shouldn't have pressured my colleague.
elderly man feeling useless in retirement wishes he could go back to feeling useless at work
so they'll think i'm a bad liar and i can use that to my advantage when i need to
cnbc cameraman can't believe he's filming another blog off a computer monitor
we were at the mall and suddenly she basically shrieked and sat down on a bench with her head sideways and asked me to rub her neck.
and this is mainly where the problem comes in.
magpie worried mate only interested in him for collection of shiny objects
venus added to registry of historically significant planets
i don't particularly mind the extended family but i limit my appearances to 4 times a year.
aita for wanting a fairytale romance?
aita for letting my dogs bark?
we’ve been kind of leading him on, pretending we are his friends, and he’s cool about it, but here’s the kicker.
my answer would be yes, i would be doing work and would like to be appreciated, and i'd also be getting paid, unlike the chores i do as i don't get paid in way by my dad or his gf.
black guy doesn't talk about all the times he didn't get discriminated against
if i imagine the roles being reversed it wouldn't bother me if someone didnt sell to me.
man with hammer-induced thumb injury appeals to christ almighty
i invited her to come with me to a local park, where there would be a local music concert.
la-z-boy outlet clearly visible from suburban man's grave
she hesitates a second, and then says she is sorry and starts to make a move back.
however, i was driving with my older brother today and he told me that it was a bit unfair to ask all the passengers of the car to split the cost of gas.
she punched my head a few times and got me in the face once or twice which hurt and in my anger i kinda reached up and grabbed her head and forced it into a nearby wall which put her on her back knocked out cold.
aita for hitting a kid in my school after he verbally bullied me?
as for pets, there has usually been more than one tenant with at least one cat.
i honestly think that the child would be better off without me in life and being with someone who teaches the child healthy boundaries and other things that i have no clue about.
i was also there but i don't remember seeing her since it was a huge venue that was hosted by our sorority and we didn't really have overlapping friends circles.
fox news covers spring break pretty well
aita for bringing it up multiple times?
i just left the stream while everyone called me a hater and spammed the streamers name and hearts.
million robot march attended by exactly 1,000,000 robots
aita for not forgiving some of my daughter's debt?
pier 1 imports unveils new self-defense vase for smashing onto head of home invader
then they leave and help me with throwing out the thrash with pukeremains and clean the poarch.
study finds humans crave sweet foods because they're weak—they're weak and they're small
she has been going back and forth between forgivness and condemnation for literally decades.
dnc committee throws bound jay inslee onto melting iceberg before pushing him out to sea
my stepchildren go to state colleges.
man worried about drug dealer who's not picking up phone
all of us had applied to universities or colleges except l.
he's telling everyone i was so hard on him for no reason and he's telling the new girl all these lies about his past and how i'm crazy, similar to what he told me about his previous exes.
great books of western civilization used to accent den
anyways, i found out that i was in the same cabin as sam so we had a pretty great time together.
this was out of character and definitely a consequence of simmering resentment that my wife and i didn't understand.
in a very strict, and quite rude tbh, tone she replies: "if you don't have a reason to be late, you are not allowed to be late".
that same guy with the glasses at every rock show
jonah lehrer working on book about neuroscience behind why we falsify quotes
every picture on man's tinder clearly from same event where he dressed up
i've been asking about having a job at his place for a few months and he's always responded really positively.
i got banned from a game (wrongful ban) that gives machine bans.
i told her she has to be happier if she wants me to move in and she asked how she's supposed to demonstrate that.
in this instance, i was not in the right, but we talked about it and we are all good now.
he says it's because he "never wants to work for someone again".
1994 video-store receipt reveals clinton rented night eyes 2, 3
at this point, i had no idea what was going on; he seemed super out of it and i didn't know his condition at all or any details.
saudi operative mortified after surveillance footage reveals he wore same outfit as khashoggi
sorry for bad formatting and whatever.
study: human ability to cooperate most strongly exhibited when ordering pizza
oddly enough ivanna is a really dedicated vegan (strange for a "far right extremist" but then again hitler was vegetarian).
i find this just so weird that he would fly over here.
which is what i told her before because i do acknowledge that i can be offensive/intense at times and if anything i said bothered her then i would just stop joking about that thing.
the staff members didn’t really know me well, but they just assumed that i was a bad influence because i didn’t go to their church and didn’t attend youth group.
senior citizen apparently here to fix apartment sink
she will go over there at odd hours of the day, most recent one that got me was when she left at 8pm said she would only be an hour and come 10 11 pm here she is finally just leaving there house.
he was the only dude that would talk to me so we instantly became friends and are still friends to this day.
park in crosswalk, have some dogshit throwaway for obvious reasons.
so reddit, aita for all that happened?
dubai completes construction on world's first full-scale replica of dubai
death row inmate can't deny he curious to see how state pulls off lethal injection
i have my own parking spot and so i can freely go whenever i want without having to worry about parking.
the bus i commute on has a stop right next to a facility for the mentally challenged, and more often than not, people get on the bus to go to the city.
mccain speechwriter trying to write lines that don't lead to creepy smile
my friends were definitely, and still are, mad at me for this, so reddit, am i the asshole for not pulling over for my girlfriend to pee, considering it would’ve added a considerable amount of time to our drive and how drunk my girlfriend was?
wibta if i call my aunt out about lying to my cousin about who his real father is.
12-year-old hispanic boy not sure if he's supposed to be looking up to marco rubio
i’ve been dating this woman [27] for a year on and off.
medical experts disappointed with man who failed to live up to life expectancy
boss wants to know if you can work late this year
microsoft signs justice dept. attorney to $350 million endorsement deal
i've told him i can't do because i have a l have a lot of work to do and i don't have time for it, which to be fair is not wrong, but it's definitely not the only reason.
just talking to her about it.
aita for telling my neighbour/friend she has the most annoying screechy baby voice my neighbour has a baby 5 months old and she has the most annoying screechy baby voice when she’s talking to him.
factory robot working on some of its own designs after hours
new ford pickup features extendable tailgate for teens getting pregnant beneath fireworks display
of course i don't encourage or support any kind of bullying; however, i think a good dose of joking or similar has a more positive effect in the long run rather than a negative impusle at first.
because they’ll use you to death and hate you when you do something a little better than them.
rex, rob ryan finally get bunk beds they always wanted
her stepmom can be nice sometimes, but when she doesn't get her way can act pretty childish and do things like give people the silent treatment.
i don’t resent him as much because i understand where he’s coming from and i’ve secretly been going to therapy for the last year to feel better about myself.
i already have plans with friends most of the time and something really bad happened to me at a new year's party this week, so i basically mumbled my way through the call, i stopped paying attention to what she was saying tbh.
am i wrong to assume that's a given?
parents spend first 4 years of child's life fluctuating wildly between hoping child stays asleep, hoping child wakes up
i told her that i obviously didn't trust her, i don't trust anyone because of my abuse, you could put the most trustworthy person in front of me and i wouldn't trust them.
i've had nothing to eat for days i've barely slept.
two times in 2 months i was in a relationship with a guy for around 4 months and he was great gentle...etc in short the perfect guy but i was 18 yrs old at the time and i was heading for college and even though i liked him i didnt want to be in a serious relationship .
it wasn't the gift that i had the problem with it was more them.
- i come back to find bill has left the game and is now in a party and playing with tony and ike.
$20 bill slowly but surely wriggling free from back pocket
i told them that i feel he should not be alive after his accident.
during finals week, i went to use the restroom, and i noticed someone had hidden a textbook behind the garbage bin.
local band attempts to track down mysterious visitor to its website
you still know where you are, who you are, and what you're doing (until you **really** up the doses).
kotex introduces new leak-proof brush-on vaginal sealant
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: you tell me &#x200b; &#x200b; me: would it be ok for me to message every member of " fuck , is shit " ?
republicans introduce economic equality bill for fun of shooting it down
am i the asshole for complaining?
&#x200b; i am blunt, somewhat conflict seeking and probably a bit of a contrarian.
&#x200b; aita for thinking my friends should all be there?
excuse me, lady, i ask, is that a reason enough to claim my dog shat in the apartment building?
so, around 1:30 am, b’s sister texts me saying that she got a message from b saying that he called 911.
during the investigation, it was revealed to the representive that the molestation took place as a direct result of (the eldest brothers) inability to restrain himself after he lost access to pornography.
i had jerked off to them after we had broken up but i hadn't even thought about the pictures in a long time.
he's generally very closed off and keeps to himself.
we will of course be a part of their lives, but we aren't here to be taken advantage of.
i know what it feels like because a few years ago i was even heavier than her.
i told her that i wasn’t even part of it and to mind her business.
never comes to any of our neighborhood get-togethers.
not to toot my own horn, but i know what i look like and by a conventional outlook i'm a little "out of her league".
delta pilot refuses to land until gun control legislation passed
zoo posting hourly updates on aphid about to give birth
i'm not taking power away from the mods, at least in my opinion.
i want to become acquainted with the city and just have a good time before living there for real with actual responsibilities.
my boyfriend had spent the night at my old house with me the night before to help me move, but honestly i just wanted him to live with me because i didn't want to be alone.
my girlfriend and i have been together for almost a year and living together for about two months.
backpacker planning to shatter europeans' preconceptions of americans
aita for setting up my celebration dinner that i could not afford?
we've been in a relationship for a few years.
the little get away was really nice but that was the only thing he really thought about...
you two have great chemistry” or something like that.
scientists confirm first case of zika transmission from article to reader
poll reveals you live in country where mentally ill man still has good chance of being senator
but max has been my dog for 9 years.
she then states that she appreciates what i said, but doesn't really comment on what i had to say, only that asked for space once and that she wants the same and that if i can't have my closure she's sorry.
&#x200b; me: what am i accusing you of?
this isnt a cut and dry issue.
keep in mind that he paid $500 for it using my mom's credit card).
buckingham palace guards impressed by first lady's ability to never crack smile
so i fill out this form honestly but the third question (open ended mind you) asks how you would fix the topic of interest.
man's bloodstream enjoys hour-long intermission between coffee, alcohol blitzes
she herself always reaches orgasm and enjoys sex, and though i reach orgasm that is the only enjoyable part of the sex.
she then explains to me how she feels they are to dangerous to keep in the house, i try to argue my side at first but ended up compromising by saying fine we don’t need guns in the house.
he said he's been waiting for me to say something about it , he apologized profusely and said he wasn't in his right mind.
but if you think i'm an asshole because i overlooked something i could have done differently (besides just giving up) then i hope you'll share that with me so i can see it differently.
friends regret encouraging man to say what's on his mind
detectives overlooked casey anthony's 'i killed my daughter' ama on reddit
obama sleeping with louisville slugger under bed now
aita for getting a dog without telling my husband?
area dad botches 'princess bride' quote
after rose found out that i told her mom without telling her first, she got very mad at me.
i get myself a fish bowl type drink that could quench the thirsts of a hundred gazelles.
bill clinton agrees to disclose guacamole recipe
he asked me if i had any advice for talking with her and i just told him so stuff she liked.
she then sent me a message saying she couldn’t do it anymore and she didn’t want to date someone she felt like she had to nag to hang out with her.
now she's determined that she's going to bring something.
and i was recently informed that when everyone else dies, it'll be my job to take care of her because "she's family".
keystone veto buys environment at least 3 or 4 more hours
aita for saying that some dogs can eat a vegan diet?
conspiracy theorist starting to think racism may be institutionalized in america
kids love when mom sad enough to just order pizza
i got it, and this was unacceptable for my brothers, they had black ones and apparently their black controllers now sucked.
siblings patiently waiting for day they'll be close to each other
george clinton, della reese meet to discuss key hairstyle issues
thomas the tank engine a little uneasy with his broad autistic following
(please note that i'm only 15 years old so i'm not old enough to get a part time job to pay for my mom's present and she told us that we shall not pay for her present.
i found some of the things they said funny but i never said anything hurtful and i never told john.
katie couric winces at word 'vagina'
pope francis sneaks leftovers to false god moloch at back door of st. peter's basilica
fantasy novel not holding back on criticisms of dwarvish culture
so i wanted more evidence to dump him so i logged into his phone and was going to screen cap all the incriminating texts, photos and videos and text them to myself.
i assume that she didn't do it (hence why she's asking) so it must have been me.
before i went through with this plan i wanted to ask the opinion of our long time mutual friend, bill, and another mutual friend, tyler, who's opinion i trust.
ken lay's corpse sentenced to prison
benefits of open office not extended to ceo
sources: nfl knew what evil lurking within heart of man
tldr; wasn't okay with my friend's drug use, talked bad about her to all of our friends to try and get them to push her away
this is the conversation we had the next day: mom: are these yogurts just for you or up for grabs?
he was upset about being asked to help with a task so he ran out into the hall.
woman comes forward with first allegations of biggest sexual harassment scandal of 2036
**tl;dr**: husband started smoking a few months ago and is not willing to quit anytime soon.
but, i taught my older son some self defense techniques like holding a combination lock in your hand while you punch, avoid grabbing, how to take someone to the ground, the usual stuff.
but there he came to the table, beaming with pride at his creation, and my four-year-old daughter innocently asked… “papa, what is that?” and i just, blurted out… “it’s play-doh, baby!” so, my daughter, quite enthusiastically, started rolling a snake out of her dessert.
the girl went on to tell the guy that i said that and he refused to speak to me for 2 years straight and left our friendship group despite having many mutual friends.
i'm assuming everyone thought "oh, somebody else will start getting stuff done and i'll help later" (because i did as well), and then..
states now offering millions in tax breaks to any person who says 'high-tech jobs'
gop promotes carly fiorina to male candidate after strong debate showing
two of his children are in college right now and one graduated in may, and my daughter is starting high school in august.
matt lauer returns to today show following 2-day suspension
its not that i dont find her unattractive per se, i just don't enjoy sex with her.
i’m going to leave all doors unlocked i may be in shower but come in and i’ll leave the machine out.
she's now under supervision except for when she is at school, but they can't keep that close an eye on her.
man with 3 kids going to make great father someday
he was homeless literally last week.
i am a college student who produces music once in a while.
wibta if i ask my family and friends to delete my ex off facebook?
we did have a nice breakfast, but it was rushed because i had work and she had school.
nation's boyfriends dreading 'free event in the park' season
who is the asshole in this situation?
narrow line of dirt not being swept into dustpan without a fight
classically trained actor can talk on cue
i've known my best friend (let's say pablo) for almost 15 years.
aita for not telling him the first thing that came to mind as a retort to his rude comment?
i handed $250, then he looked at me and said "what the fuck." i asked him what was wrong and he told me to hand over the rest.
but he was pretty firm that the settlers were wrong about so much that they did without acknowledging the wisdom of local peoples.
still too early to tell if pulling chain turned overhead fan off
i do like sports, i play with my friends, but i don’t have as much muscle mass as him despite being toned/muscular myself.
yesterday night, he got home and messaged that he missed me.
this is the first time i really shook like this, plus i was close to really freaking out about it.
he won't talk to me anymore because it was so selfish and immature of me he said; i'm heartbroken and i'm trying to see it from his point of view.
she hasn't spoken to me since.
i'm probably an ass for being jealous of all those guys myself.
i had already bought hubs his present (a tv for his man cave in the garage, bought black friday so no returns).
i'm a pretty normal guy usually, i think im pretty decent looking and pretty nice, but girl never pay me any attention it seems.
majority of americans thought we already had a moon base
man has loyalty to pretzel brand
9:00pm rolls around and i haven't heard from her, so i text to ask if she is still stuck at work.
in this game it is nearly impossible to win while missing a teammate.
wibta if i'll refuse teaching a friend of mine some techniques from my pua days?
the guy with the yellow refused, so i offered my three railroads for the yellow, which was accepted.
she told me to find a therapist and i got a bit mad because she assumed i did nothing about my problems and i told her it was rude of her to assume i did nothing about my mental health and how i cut myself and tried to commit suicide a while ago and i can't even go to school so she shouldnt assume things about me.
i deleted a bunch of people from facebook a while back and it's because i was in a really bad place.
34-year-old woman anxiously realizes she doesn't have much time left to have career
'this is a pointless trip,' obama says while shaking hands with netanyahu
copy editor's revenge takes form of unhyphenated word
'yogi bear' movie introduces boring cartoon character to new generation
the toy was a stress ball where when you squeezed it, it poked through the holes to show little balls, and they poked onto the plastic to make it look like it had so many tiny holes on it, and that disgusts me.
pastor talking to non-christian who just lost wife can smell blood
i'm not sure about the numbers, but i'm pretty sure a large amount of asians do get them and they're not really seen as a big deal.
new macrowave can defrost a roast in 72 hours
yeah, snarky old me felt so proud of himself.
this incited my downstairs roommate to yell at us to shut up from his room and slam his door shut.
i was pretty pissed that he would threaten me about this so i said he is a little girl, and i don't fight little girls.
my family wants to meet her and they're hosting a family dinner.
oscars audience shrugging uproariously during jimmy kimmel's opening monologue
clinton campaign treasurer crushed to death after stack of campaign funds topples over
so, after moe and curly lost interest and tarzan pleaded with me, i helped carry dopey down to my car.
youtube rushes to shut down school shooter's account over copyright complaints
our housing is not too shabby.
study: 25-foot-tall asian women remain underrepresented in media
we all know she does this by this point, it's no secret anymore, everyone knows who bought the gifts regardless of who the tag "says" bought it.
nation's fourth-graders continue to trail nation's fifth-graders
i suggested we spend some time apart, like a break.
pizza hut employee still hanging around after shift
i confronted our coach about it because i was pretty hurt, and she said it didn't affect anything since the new recruit was to play my role for the a team, and i had never been eligible for a team anyway.
so after breaking up with her and even though she didn't care about me, i instantly regretted it and felt even more alone, wondering how someone could be so cruel and uncaring after i spent 3 years with them, and fell into an even deeper depression.
i was not in the mood to talk to her.
( tl;dr ) i dated a guy named sam for about a week and a half.
non-alcoholic beer inventor unveils new non-adhesive glue
as the windows were behind us and my girlfriend pointed out something off in the distance i had to turn my head to see.
from day one she was adamant that because we had only been dating for a few months, i was not responsible for any of her bills, nor did she even want me to know the financial specifics of them.
i feel betrayed by someone who i thought would never hurt me.
from the get-go i've been telling her that i'd like to meet him before they take things further, and have been repeatedly denied, along with my probing questions about him (seriously, i still know next to nothing about this dude).
pathetic 4-year-old needs father to stand on merry-go-round platform for entire ride
comic-con opens with traditional superhero flyover
she ended up telling me she couldn't stand the whole hug-thing anymore around 2 months after starting it.
since i thought this was a pretty far fetched story with no details of any college, competition, the name of the girl or the job that she got, neither the name of the cafe, i asked the moderator team of that page to ask the girl whom they featured for the details, and if she isn't agreeing of the details being shared publicly, atleast share the details with the facebook page.
i'll try to summarize best i can.
donut shop's mission statement awfully ambitious
first grandma, treasury secretary geithner up all night talking, laughing
[third friend] and i had no idea you and [boyfriend] were so serious hahaha” and he just said “well it’s all over my social media haha, i just don’t like telling people out of nowhere”.
in retrospect staying at this restaurant was a bad idea anyway because of the money situation.
sick parent offers man perfect excuse to move back home and give up dreams
i took her outside to get fresh air and she was sitting on a bench complaining she’s cold and wanted to go home.
some context: i’m currently working a really demanding job as a lawyer and she’s finishing her undergrad and works part-time.
i voice this to my friends and to these two teachers who i’m close to and i’m instantly bombarded with the phrase “adopt don’t shop”.
bank of america introduces new existential rewards credit card program
serious mitt romney demanding to be addressed as 'mitthew' now
they both said hello and asked me to make sure the bedroom door was closed, so they absolutely knew i was in the room.
sorry if this seems disjointed my son was spoiled by his mother who gave him everything he ever wanted as she believed she was unable to have a child for well over a decade.
i was a total shut in, i began to hate the holidays, you know, normal stuff.
then they posted a pic of one of my best mates (who’s quite fat) where he looked like he was having anal sex with another guy and his belly was showing (it’s a really unfortunate picture).
lockheed martin sales staff instructed to really push tactical air-to-surface missiles this week
area man lies awake at night worrying about toner cartridges
because of said mutual friends, i heard about a group chat she created and it transpired she was hosting a party i was unaware of.
so i kept reading her diary.
her body was very different from what i had expected and what she looked like in clothing.
&#x200b; knowing who she is and who her friends are, i shouldn't have been surprised, but internally i became so angry at her all of a sudden.
the next day he sends a very hostile message asking us to do him a favour and next time my wife was visiting not to ask him not to be in the house he rents from us.
i have no idea why he’s so fixated on this but he’s managed to wear my wife down to the point where she thinks we should just let him wear a dress.
sorry for the long one guys.
we’re volunteers we don’t work for you, you don’t dictate what we do and when we do it.
she's been finishing late from work everyday and i'd become a little suspicious.
would i be a manipulative asshole to take advantage of minor situations to test on what he would do?
study finds only 20% of seminary graduates go on to become god
report: it not good time for long, devastating war for iran, either
i was still upset and went for a walk, it was 4 am and freezing.
netanyahu announces day of mourning for fence damaged in yesterday's conflict
no, it's his fucking business so he did what was necessary to keep himself alive." i was about to start another sentence when i see his hand coming towards my face, i block it and kick him in the belly.
i cant help but thinking i want...
after this, i asked her who this mysterious person was and she told me his name.
i want to tell her to give back the money the monster paid for your wedding since you think that.
anyways, i am looking for other options for storage, and hopefully i'll figure it out soon.
jay inslee smashes through wall of town hall in solar-powered mech suit to announce climate change plan
she tries to guilt me into stopping the argument telling me that she almost died because of her pneumonia (she wasn't hospitalised or anything), i tell her that she hasn't been taking care of her health.
we go to shows, take trips together, and we are each other's confidantes.
the experience was traumatic for me and it took me a while to get over it.
i tell her don’t worry about it.
aita for getting upset at my parents and snapping at my mom when they refused me the flight lessons i earned?
i've tried communicating with her that i'm unhappy with this situation but she just brushes it off.
i hate the idea of another dog in the house.
just didn't contact me that he wasn't coming.
recently, we've started to actually become more sexually involved.
i said i would pick him up and take him to nursery.
she told me this and said she changed her mind because she wants her body back for herself.
i use my strongest password for any account that has access to my debit card, such as steam.
record-store clerk gazes down from on high in aloof indifference
last night my fiancee called to say she felt very depressed and she was afraid she would hurt herself.
the fact is, i would’ve completely understood if she had said no.
i would say the whole dress up thing has been going on since he was three (so only like two years).
poll: support for afghanistan war up among americans who love horrible situations
aita for giving my gf a reason to be insecure so a little backstory between me and my girlfriend.
i wish they would actually learn to say it properly." she became uncomfortable and told me that they were speaking the english words like a korean would (with associated pronunciation/accent) and that i was being racist.
no wonder why (ex’s name) left you.
so i take a sip of my coffee as he gets up to get something to eat he opens the fridge and gets some left overs that i also wanted so i asked if we could split it since there was enough to share.
rod stewart mistaken for elderly aunt
these run $40,000 and the organization would have me pay a fraction of that (about $2,500 + travel, food, outing expenses).
at this point we’re both pretty mad and and i say “quit acting like a toddler.
i spent the entire lunch ignoring her and on the verge of tears (most die to tiredness and preggo hormones) i hate having angry energy with people so i text her this morning apologize for calling her an asshole and a cunt (remember my blind rage) and i told her that she has jon right to force me into doing things i don’t want to as she is my older sister not my mum.
i reiterated to her that i had told the charity where i worked and that anytime they wanted it they could come back and take it.
i ended up telling him the truth.
i then asked if she had time to hang out, but she made the excuse that she had slept very late last night and needed to take a nap.
to make this even saucier at some point pablo needed to be loaned money.
his vegetation is causing is a lot of encroachment that, if not regularly cut: 1) prevents me from walking along my fence line, 2) shades my vegetable garden and 3) brushes up against my roof and the telephone lines.
imo that dude should've shown up on time and snagged a good seat for himself and his lady friend.
hand of george h.w. bush bursts out of ground to grope one last woman
(context - is 100% a member of ) &#x200b; &#x200b; her: he joined a week ago, he was a member of your guild, you probably know better why, and the other guy isn't even a member &#x200b; &#x200b; me: i'll keep that excuse in mind for later, who else whispered ?
aita for proposing to my girlfriend (now fiancee) with a ring i originally gave to my ex-fiancée?
so we left back to my house.
'i don't fit into any of corporate america's little boxes,' says single, 18-to-36-year-old hispanic female with brand loyalty to tom's, chobani
that really sealed it for him and i think he's moved on a lot faster.
i'm in college and i've already missed a lot of classes at this point because of my narcolepsy, even with my meds.
he wasn't too excited because we have won a few times over the years, but only actually got $5 max.
universe feels zero connection to guy tripping on mushrooms
the basic plan was to wait until the divorce went through and i was completely moved into my apartment for us to be "official" and open about us.
there's shitheads on both sides of the political spectrum) so i then follow ivanna on ig and send her a dm saying something about how her post was really cool or something and how i am going to that city for university blah blah blah.
she got remarried in 2010, and is incredibly involved in her church community.
having a casual conversation with my gf of two years about our day when she says “i’m going to the wedding in april”.
nation's grandfathers to receive annual shipment of $2 bills from u.s. treasury
mitt romney announces he's running for his life
and would i be tah if i decided to stop reading to her altogether if she isn't willing to "pay attention"?
i felt bad about it, now i don’t.
my view is he should trust me and i should be able to stay with whoever i want and he is being jealous and insecure.
crowd at trump rally realizes they've been chanting 'we are frightened and helpless' for last half hour
groom getting cold feet about bachelor party
he's someone i love and find attractive, so i obviously would like for that happen.
gf's 'friend' suggests that she should leave me, due to her thinking it's stockholm syndrome.
i'll just take the large ribs and the juice please.
vacationing uncle posts terse, emotionless facebook update from cruise ship
i can completely understand wanting to support a friend in this kind of situation, but is staying over with them too far?
i know she already made a huge sacrifice in giving up on her life there and moving out with me, but goddammit, i warned her of this all the way, and when shit finally hit the fan, she comes back to me for help, which i adamantly refused.
then she asked me if i still wanted to be in a relationship and this is what i answered “you’re really important to me and i don’t want to hurt your feelings but if we were to stay together i would only be doing it for you” i know i should have just been straight up with her but i’m a sucker for tears and she really is important to me she did help me through a very rough time.
finally i’d like to add that the teacher is loud, and she even points it out.
but aita for getting upset with her for going to a friends house the i've been explicitly banned from?
dennis quaid not up for any oscars
this hits even harder because i thought the ldr (which she said she disliked) was something that would make it impossible between us.
i lost all my friends right then and there.
aita eating her expired food without asking?
i have a couple nannies for help and we play with toys and stuff with them so it's not like they are in a prison it's just they don't consume mindless entertainment.
groceries strategically placed around checkout conveyor belt's wet spots
she suggested getting back together, which i shut down right out of the gate.
she is amazing and we get along really well, we also study together, hang out from time to time and go out for parties from time to time.
within minutes she would be loving again and forget she had said anything at all, and in the mornings she had zero recollection of these events.
georgia adds swastika, middle finger to state flag
we haven’t decided what we’re doing yet but aita for not wanting her to come?
my roomate said that i listened to stuff too loud in my room, that he absolutely hates it when i bring my phone into the kitchen while listening to a video (i cover the speakers as i walk by my roomate's room) and i rarely have my phone at over half volume.
hollywood diet secrets fall into non-celebrity hands
self-described avid reader halfway through dragonriders of pern for sixth time
it is such a huge betrayal of trust that i snap and make plans to move out.
media stumped on how to handle missing mixed-race woman
(i also actually enjoy helping my classmates and used to offer my notes of my own accord to help people out, but a bunch of the bitchy girls got miffed when i didn't have time for a few weeks and thought i was lying so i didn't have to give it to them.) so throughout the weeks, i would answer asia's, often stupid, questions and let her know the important points i was taking in my notes.
it didnt occur to me at the time that this could come back and bite me.
they annoy me because it's clear they're faking for some reason or another.
this happened over the weekend and im still feeling fallout.
this has been going on for a couple of years now and i contemplated getting out on the pill to try and regulate it but then i saw the side effects and was immediately put off.
i feel like in the back of my mind she *wants* me to do something drastic about it.
we don't do it mean spiritedly, we do it lovingly.
dea accepts record $280 million drug bribe
i’m very protective of him because he is my little guy and i want him to be happy and healthy and have a good life because he hasn’t had any of that prior to being with me.
aztec extremists cut out visiting pope's heart
well our anniversary is coming up and i had the thought of sending her flowers to start her morning off at work, but then i remembered what she had said.
relatives gather from across the country to stare into screens together
you guessed it, her first son was also anounced on december 28.
cia issues posthumous apology after new evidence clears osama bin laden of involvement in 9/11 attacks
mueller loses visual on oval office camera after trump spills a1 sauce on bust of winston churchill
i asked them to use my preferred pronoun- "normal" i'm a straight male and i've recently been called "cis".
might be kinda long i apologize.
what made me mad was that he was holding on to a bunch of books that i loved.
aita if i am upset a date didn't go how i expected it to?
i am seeing someone for this but progress is slow and going through this in your 40's as a woman is terrible.
roughly two hours into the night myself and a few of the people surrounding me pop both balloons to inhale leaving them deflated for the rest of the evening popped.
sole remaining lung filled with rich, satisfying flavor
he banned me after getting mad about him and another guy teaming me because ¨i was king k rool¨.
congolese civil war buff fights in civil war
the wife and i are watching tv in the living room.
the cops let her go and there’s nothing on her record, and she said it was like an itch and she felt so terrible about it.
relieved malia obama quietly thanks secret service agents for taking rap for her
man in suit slams fist on desk
on one occasion, she was blocked from attending to an exam and she found out that the reason was that her dad had "forgotten" to pay for the last **eight** or so months.
long story short, i take the train to commute to work in the morning.
aita for keying my coworkers car?
his nostrils flared as he smashed the button and put his face out in full sniffing position.
news website likes to set aside a little ad space to promote own articles
mel gibson - his performance in 'payback' still not getting enough credit
she acts like some rich spoiled brat even though our parents raised us to be caring and giving.
knocked-out secret service agents wake to realize jimmy carter loose
peeps unveils new boneless, skinless marshmallow breasts
russian lawyer admits to repeatedly informing kremlin of trump campaign's ineptitude
lots of words were said after that.
heritage foundation lowers another retired gop senator into vat of strategists
when i get there, they're arguing with the bouncer.
woman adopts second cat for first one to terrorize while she at work
painted-over spot on public bathroom wall must conceal some really fucked-up graffiti
the problem with this is that i live in a very quiet suburb, and there no secluded places within reasonable walking distance.
granted, most of our communication was over text and we didn't see each other in person very frequently after fall semester started.
i was tempted, feeling wanted and like a woman (after 3 and a half years he can’t even remember my eye colour) was too much for me to ignore.
speculation on name of royal baby ends
my wife is mad because she came home to a messy house.
flower freaking out after realizing there's a bee on it
aita for not giving my ex his stuff back?
i said "i don't want you to be friends with her anymore she doesn't respect me as your man and us as a couple".
diagonally from me was sitting a guy and a small girl - about 7 years old.
kim jong-un wonders if nuclear threats distracting him from real goal of starving citizenry
it's a nice wake up call.
this happened quite a long time ago (about 4 (??) months back) but now i'm still troubled with the question of whether i was being an asshole in the situation.
child lies for parents' own good
which made me think of this sub.
mathematician has popular equation stuck in head all day
so i have a friend, let's call her "l".
i take a more traditional view.
california to allow prisoners to serve sentences online
i'm going through a bankruptcy to eliminate my medical debt and alleviate our family of my previous debts incurred when i was going to be the breadwinner before getting sick.
they admitted then they had followed me but lost me from being so far behind.
richard simmons fighting for life in estrogen tent
report: media coverage of bear attacks may be biased
she agreed to this, and is now backing out.
he was about 16 and resides there but me and my wife moved back to our original state after the job was completed which was about 7 hours away from him.
i rode my bike into their garage so that w1 could mount the lamp and we enter the store, my dad and i noticed that w1 didn't really know how to mount the lamp because it had to be connected to the engine (not sure if that's what it is called), ofcourse he had some idea on how to mount it but he wasn't sure about it which already kind of ticked my dad off.
aita for not wanting to share my potential lottery winnings with my boyfriend?
embarrassed george lucas still just telling new wife he works in digital media
buzzfeed editors unsure how to spin petraeus story into reason the '90s were great
friend's wife encountered twice a year
i stand on my feet all day doing the same monotonous thing over and over apart from a 30 minute lunch break.
gated community interviews dozens for exclusive drug dealer position
roy moore retires from politics to spend more quality time with someone's kid
lindsey graham vows to uphold john mccain's legacy by blindly supporting gop agenda after grumbling for a few minutes
aita for wanting my boyfriend to apologize me and him just had some kind of quarrel before over something that happened a long time ago.
she should lose her job" no one in my family agreed with this, so i was left feeling like the stupid one even though i don't think what i said was mean.
wall street firm develops new high-speed algorithm capable of performing over 10,000 ethical violations per second
during family gatherings like christmas and weddings he always makes a point to take out a box of cigars for all the guys to smoke.
my mom and i don't know where he was buried, or if there was even a funeral that we weren't invited to.
tl;dr my wife is leaving for a week and refuses to food prep
most people see us together and say we are like the real life ken and barbie.
mother proud she raised type of person no one would ever believe would rape someone
americans urged to get saving $30,000 out of way before obamacare repealed
my flatmate has some small cartons of juice and he wanted to take one.
average time spent being happy drops to 13 seconds per day
aita for not wanting to get in an ill-begotten car with my college girlfriend.
area man's recommended daily caloric intake exceeded by 9 a.m.
parents with more vacation time, financial resources want to know when son will come home for a visit
i dashed across the hall to grab my pepper spray, then inspected the halls and the rooms to make sure who ever it was.
so how would i go about this?
we go couple more feet the lanes split again with a barrier, he’s on the left lane and i’m on the right lane.
since then i've seen trey a couple times and everything has been totally normal so i figured he was fucked up and forgot anything happened, while i was feeling guilty for not telling amy.
my friend (34f) is having her first baby this week.
cheney wows sept. 11 commission by drinking glass of water while bush speaks
we discussed my getting the van and bringing it around, but we both decided to just run for it.
it’s never the right time, he’s tired, he’s full, he’s driving, he’s been drinking, the show/game is on, its late, it’s early, etc.
but like i said, i made sure to make it clear to her before we moved in together that i don't wanna clean much because that's what i'm used to, and if she feels the need to keep the house clean to her standards that's fine but don't ask me to do it because i don't care.
it was a great, i did love this guy dearly and we were quite happy together.
however i did offer him 20 dollars as i felt this was a fair compromise for a party expense.
i think it is wasting everyone times and make you look lazy.
aita for not texting the girl i hookup with back?
i will be me and he will be f.
my wife has been letting our daughter go around dressed in crazy outfits that are so bad even i can tell she looks ridiculous.
aita for telling my girlfriend how amazing she would look if she worked out with me?
that split would put my ex in a lot of debt (read mom and dad would pay) and i do not want to do that to her.
area mom convinced 30-year-old daughter would be married by now if she just brushed her hair more
report suggests stalin was just one great purge away from creating communist utopia
\- i don't go out with my coworkers to eat anymore (also because i want to save money) \- i don't go out by myself anymore (also because he says "what am i supposed to do?") \- in total have less me-time \- i always try to answer him instantly, even sending work pictures so that he can see i'm working &#x200b; but i still am trying to improve career vise, such as giving a talk at a university.
however she also does not do that either.
i console in a close friend who has more experience with dating who agrees it is confusing but she probably isn't into me.
friday arrives and i start working on the worksheet, and my italian teacher tells us that she said on wednesday that the two papers and translation were both due on thursday (the day before) and took my empty paper and counted it as a grade.
but i mean, she's obviously emotionally scarred.
&#x200b; so laura came to the city for plastic surgery consultation appointment.
now that we have all the freedom we've been waiting for in our lives, i feel as if i have come to a crossroads and only have two options: &#x200b; 1.
&#x200b; anyway, that's just the context.
her cousin family still comes to visit with the guy that raped her, again, like if it is normal.
so end of class she tells us what we will be doing tomorrow and so on.
i wouldn’t disparage them if they didn’t pretend to be better than they are or ridicule me for being book smart, but the only person in their group that has a shot at making it is their producer because he can make beats in the style of many other producers.
this seems so petty but i feel like she overreacted.
dancing wild man strikes again, badly shaken bar-goers report
she said went on and on, “you’re a very rude person you know that?” i laughed because i think she’s ridiculous.
he said it was the general fact he couldn't come home that was inconvenient rather than the specifics.
most of the time he’s pretty good about letting me know ahead of time.
teen stops masturbating long enough to save family from fire
he cooled off after i talked to him, mostly because i was about one more thing away from splitting a bottle over his face.
everyone glad someone else making small talk with disabled woman
aita for being mad at my friend?
we went to their house and had a nice, if slightly awkward, dinner and throughout our visit my daughter was absolutely infatuated with his wife.
85 percent of u.s. cole slaw remains uneaten
working artist has developed thick skin for sound career advice
mrs. butterworth's bottle central to terrifying lsd experience
after he broke up with his ex gf for 2 years recently, he started smoking, but he never smoke in front of us so i didn't know, until my other friends told me.
we have mutual friends, so spent a lot of time around each other because of that.
i think i love them because that's what i'm told.
i also don’t want to have to follow a tight budget instead of having plenty of income with little to no cash worries.
aita for eating all of my gf’s cheez-its?
so i’m not arguing that at all.
richard branson's global-warming donation nearly as much as cost of failed balloon trips
deep down, area man knows he's not done vomiting
area woman will eat anything with 'tuscan' in name
six-year-old announces plans to become ballerina gymnast veterinarian horseback-riding princess
he accused me of not being supportive of his hard job.
wildfires force colorado to airlift rocky mountains to safety
i dmed this meme accounts owner and as a joke which i am pretty sure it was obv i said i'll contact instagram and i'll take legal actions against you.
take into account this is a discount plan and is saving us all a decent amount of money.
shall i just let this one go?
it was in the shape of the wifes footprint so it was another track.
so can someone tell me if i did something wrong or if i'm in the right.
aita for yelling at my sister.
he's a wonderful dog, smart, affectionate and well behaved.
exhausted doctor to wake up early, finish surgery in morning
on their last visit this december she said that she woke up with her pants down, if i was the rapist father, i wouldn't let them sleep in the same house.
in private i suggested a third option.
it started with me putting in an order for carry-out and having my coupon not work, saying i needed to order a large pizza even though the paper coupon i was sent stated i could order a medium or large.
yesterday, i was in such a situation.
it's my turn to check out so i ask for $5 on my pump and a 85c black & mild, she ask for an id, which unfortunately today i did not have tody do to only have a paper id at the moment.
i'm not patient enough to cater to him, and i am tired of having to defend myself to someone that says he loves me.
if it happens again, more serious action will be taken against him.
i was a bit late to my lecture in the morning (that's my fault entirely, i forgot the building it was in was so far), and the building it was in needed my campus card.
she’s very passionate about her work and worked hard to get where she is today.
rick perry experiences overwhelming feeling of clarity and contentment in final moments before death of campaign
i dressed up nice and waited for her to come home from work (i get off earlier than her).
i got into a call with my friends later that night with the two other people that couldn’t come.
angela was on "top" and kind of looked over at me and smiled and i was like "holy shit!
i knew he wouldn't, but there was nothing i could do at that point.
she tells me i'm full of drama and that she's not coming home tonight.
nation admits it probably going to come out of this having learned completely wrong lessons
i fully support my girlfriends body positivity but i am not comfortable with thousands of people seeing her nude.
the recycling was overflowing, so i took the trip outside to empty the inside bin to the outside bin.
after this he dated another mutual friend for about 3 months.
apparently facebook friend under impression ron paul still running for major federal office
yea &#x200b; himtoday at 1:00 pm but not talking sh it \[4:03 pm\] me: lol \[4:06 pm\] him: ok, i'm going to just back up.
bob barr on two-party system: "waaah! waaah!"
turns out this work meeting, is school related and she would've been home anyway.
now they both see a girl every other week or so.
i felt like it was moving towards a relationship and i kinda panicked because i knew that i wasn’t interested in her as much as she was in me.
chinese tv show canceled after drawing only 180 million viewers
aita for getting upset with my coworker for not going after an upset child with autism?
my partner loves me very much.
however, when you are on the move or are surrounded by people who are on the move, take your fucking earbuds out!
defiant sarah huckabee sanders claims she doesn't know where voice comes from when she opens mouth
after that phone call i told my children they are not to use their cell phones to contact (text or call) their father because their cell phones are not his concern, and he refuses to help with the costs.
at the wedding shower, she gave us four sets of waterford crystal wine glasses and a waterford vase.
i don't want our child to have no friends because they are so much younger than our friends' kids.
they were always on it, their pets too.
meanwhile she had hair appointment for cut and color in brooklyn ny.
i don't have to worry that he's cheating, i can still act like it's a surprise and be just as delighted with his project.
i bring up the fact that i might not go to state university i might just stay in community college because it’s cheaper and more convenient.
he's a lot softer than me and he's more into video games and all that kind of stuff, and...
aita for getting mad at my best friend for dating the girl he knew i liked?
i quickly ducked into my room and tried to study for a little while, but the noise was too much.
aita for making him find another seat when the cafeteria was relatively crowded?
idk i just kinda feel like i'm losing something tonight.
>me: i think this is why nobody wants to invite you to games.
there were 2 boys, about 7 and 9yo.
aita for wanting someone to move into my flat who my flatmate doesn’t like?
after we tried to organise a few times to hang out, and both parties were caught up, i put it down to a busy time of year (school holidays, i worked more to cover us, her husband worked more to cover my partner's ex-job, etc).
also, being in a relationship means communicating with your partner.
i told her i was having a rough week and attempted su*cide (censored for trigger) and couldn’t go on dates for 8 weeks because i was on suicide watch.
refugees grateful for chance to see europe while being bounced from country to country
jokingly, i said “you should send those to x”.
i hardly see the people, like i said we're out of the house a lot.
i'm never reckless or too greedy with the attention i'm paying to my lap lol.
country music protested in restaurant's kitchen
and none of us ever said anything we wouldnt say to their face.
my mother has a long history of being emotionally abusive and my relationship with her is extremely strained, but it's a really sweet apartment in a good area and has been rent controlled for fifteen years.
i understand cultural differences but i told him that he would be better off not bringing stuff like that at work as it could raise issues for the more sensitive people or at least if wants to bring it cut it up in pieces and leave the head at home.
i know it’s strange but i was in an abusive relationship before and i’ve found that when i have rough sex i can sort of let go and have fun but when it’s gentle and about connection i get all in my head and i get really uncomfortable and i hate it.
after class i talk to her.
so as with any first year college student, my sleep is a wreck.
since the game was so boring, really only he and one other guy watched it.
so he comes home and his helicopter come lost it and demands i drive him to the hospital.
i remembered the previous situation and decided to get my parents involved in getting my brother off.
my partner and i have started to get more serious - we’ve been seeing each other for a few months now, and i can’t have him over often because of his allergy.
mississippi brings down yet another national average
a lot of the kids that go to my school have parents that are lawyers, government workers, or military so i feel like they judge me when i tell them my parents’ occupations.
tense party enters third hour of unplayed acoustic guitar leaning against wall
when i learned that my bf was going with his friends for a hangout, i felt offended and blocked all of his friends because i thought that they were hanging out without me, therefore excluding me from the group even if they did tell me that i was their friend.
dog not sure it ready to tackle whatever happened to man at work today
his athletic career was the only way he could gain favor with my dad who served in the military.
this morning, i was supposed to go back to university about 2 hours away from my hometown.
boss encourages employees to take short mental breakdowns for every hour of work
obama fills out lukewarm glassdoor review after exiting presidency
one of my friends has been pissing me off lately.
aita of calling out my friend's questionable behaviour?
so as it is now, he’s skipping our anniversary to play soccer.
beto o'rourke announces he starting obama cover campaign
oscar meyer introduces new wiener mobility scooter
she is saying that i'm not allowed to go with her because "just you and her going to a concert is basically a date." for the sake of honesty and to get an unbiased opinion it is worth noting that when me and this friend were 16/17 we shared a drunk kiss - which my girlfriend knows about.
study finds high school students retain only one-third of obsolete curriculum over summer
botanists discover trees are all slowly trying to strangle each other
i get so much pride out of being the person you can hear coming from miles away.
about 3 months later, cousin and her bf started getting really busy and couldn’t really take care of the shiba, so except for buying dog food, i took full responsibility to take care of the dog (and i didn’t mind it).
at the least if they take my organs for free then they shouldn't be allowed to make a profit.
it was a pretty normal single guy apartment and my initial thought was "this is enough to really need my help...i can work with this." but then i saw he had a sword on this rack on top of a bookshelf.
and because it's the end of the work day, the post office is often busy with up to 15 people in line at a time.
my daughter just turned 14, and all we did for her birthday was order two pizzas and watch rocky horror.
his arms and legs were muscular.
when we play the game it’s fine but river makes unnecessary rule checks and hampers down on us having fun in the game and forces us (by benevolent forces in game) to go along the story path she wants to follow.
or maybe she would, because it's the socially acceptable thing to do.
we've talked about it, it's fine really, he knows it's not the most satisfying thing for him to do.
the next exchange went like this.
the parking permits at our school last for one trimester (three months) and cost $50.
mother feels violent desire to make front doorway reflect current season
i say ‘15 more minutes, and then i’ll get ready.’ i fall back asleep and wake up 2 hrs later to find his room empty.
aita for changing the locks on my (cheating) wife and going on holliday?
if i asked rose before i told her mom, i knew she was going to tell me not to.
seaworld café introduces new 5-pound orca burger–eating challenge
pigeon trying to act nonchalant about fresh vomit on sidewalk
i ask how far out on him she says “at least 30 minutes” indicating he would probably get ready and was not in a hurry.
i had recently gotten out of a relationship and going through the loops that does for a person.
after that we didn't talk as much, though i did ask her to go to dinner for my birthday last november, and she did stay at my place a few weeks back.
today i was asked to give my nephew some medicine because he is sick.
we will definitely have fun and we can spend some time together and make memories before i go in september, as i likely won't see her again until christmas." she agreed to come along, not for the whole month, but for about two to three weeks in the middle.
report: tiger that mauled roy horn still struggling to find work
then she starts yelling at me.
so i have pretty much decided i'm going to cut her off.
should i loosen up and leave her to it?
however he is still angry because i didn't ask him first.
my youngest cousin (13, only child), we'll call him tristan, has medium/low-functioning autism.
pentagon ripped off by shady weapons dealer
of course it’s not in their system.
we then fly back on the nye.
as money was short, i asked my brother to sleep at his place to save travelling costs.
the husband died before christmas from a stroke.
aita for telling other people my gaming partner isn’t my girlfriend even though it hurts her feelings?
she doesn't appear to agree to these points and tells me that she thinks the 'situation itself' is shitty.
i got upset because we didn’t discuss it or talk about it.
e.p.t. clarifies pregnancy tests intended for entertainment purposes only
tyson foods executives assure critics their chickens physically incapable of walking even if they had room
comey warns democrats that having leftist politics gets you on the fbi watchlist
things have escalated to a serious level, we all agreed, and contemplate calling the police to let them know that a delusional, psychotic, drug-fueled teenager is lost in the woods (which isn't as big as they sound -- was a smallish park that you could walk around in less than an hour, not like a national forest).
indian teen caught playing air sitar
'what if no one travels anywhere ever again?' wonders panicked transportation secretary
i am fine at that point in terms of having a panic attack and being cold.
i'm a huge introvert and due to having to move a lot of times throughout my childhood, hopping between schools and such i haven't got many friends.
the only saving grace for pablo right now is that he didnt invite tony and his fiance to his bday party because he knew it would upset me if i was there and they showed up.
aita for ghosting a girl after she baked me cookies posting this on behalf of a friend.
they always go to the bathroom as soon as they are let out of the room where we keep them at night, so this is pretty effective.
report: white house overruled intelligence officials for rejecting saudi prince's top secret security clearance
i ask why she doesnt clean it, she says "since i made the food to eat, someone should clean it" her and my brother are the only ones who ate.
since she had to meet the client very early in the morning, she asked me if she could sleep on my couch, so that she would not have to deal with the long commute.
i didn't want to tell him i was sad, but honestly when i found out (she had casually mentioned it to me), i burst out crying.
he still has christian ideals and prays but his friends don’t share the same values (a lot of them are off the books weed/coke dealers).
i was sleep deprived and she was hovering with all this tension and it came out poorly and i feel bad for yelling at him so loudly.
he does give my siblings and i money when we need it for school.
she said she would call tommy.
pope francis hastily condemns capital punishment after vatican police announce new evidence found in 2014 stabbing
god wedges another cherub beneath leg to level wobbly throne
right before the movie starts a dad comes in with his kid (probably late elementary school, 10 or so?) near the middle of the row we are in.
boyfriend has never complained before and nothing has ever happened between me and b.
generous military sends $800 in disability to man who wakes up screaming every night
neither of us work and well we've mostly kept to her room.
the only hiccup in our relationship is the entire period thing.
all of our kids are in their late twenties, with mike having a daughter who is 25.
jostens unveils new engagement rings for pregnant high-schoolers
department of labor study confirms your job most demanding
i want to tell her that she can't come unless she fixes her teeth.
per tradition, ex-presidents watch obamas christen white house bed
i tried to make her drink water but it was too late i guess.
this part of the story could go on for pages but fast forward to the baby wasn't his, dna test proved it.
teen accurately describes robert mapplethorpe exhibit as 'gay'
brutalist beaver constructs paul rudolph-inspired dam
even if he was just flipping the bird to the camera without a caption i wouldn't even think of considering it inappropriate.
aita for not inviting my girlfriend to a concert?
so far i haven’t talked to her for 2 days i’m ignoring her texts and it feels liberating.
i mean, i know dogs bark, but this was too much.
new parents disgusted to learn they had type of baby that shits
the man looks me straight in the eye and stops, making himself big and blocking the road.
i'm not upset that he sold the ticket, i'm upset that he said to me and michael that he would just give it to sally, and then later on changed his mind and lied to me about giving away the ticket after he had sold it to michael.
allergy sufferer dies after being stung by dog
beauty industry announces massive new initiative to make women self-conscious about their palms
my boyfriend isn't a gamer, i tried to get him into it early in our relationship but he said i took it too seriously, so most of the time he just watches and cheers me on now which i'm fine with.
aita for not wanting to pay for my sister in laws baby shower?
he glared at her and walked out.
so, she goes and gets dressed and tells me to order it.
my bf is awful about washing his hands and anytime he is at my apartment i basically have to force him to go back in the bathroom after pissing to wash his hands.
new walgreens facebook plugin allows users to see what prescriptions friends are picking up
new york introduces shoe-sharing program for city's pedestrians
cancer topples chavez in bloodless coup
landlord not convinced heat isn't working
i agree with what many of you are saying, she is also a tenant and it was a fucking stupid move on my part to lock her out like that.
then, me and exec (who are asian) start calling ourselves black.
i realize i'm the asshole and i'm also realizing i'm very ignorant when it comes to bisexuality.
man knows exactly which asshole got him sick
he then got angry and we started physically fighting.
the text just said "i lost my phone 💀💀💀." i sort of doubt the truthfulness of that, but even if it were true i kinda feel like there's any number of ways she could have cancelled on me.
they are on prenancy 3 now, and their oldest is only four.
the neighbor paid to clean up the tree - and took down a few other similar ones that could be a risk.
ok, so i don't along with my mom.
she grew up in the caribbean, spanish as a first language, but learning english growing up.
sarah told me she doesn’t know if that is allowed but she would check.
dick cheney finally hunts down, kills man he shot in face in 2006
when my family first moved into our house the first interaction my dad had with them was was watching their dog take a dump in the middle of the street where we live, asking the woman if she was going to pick it up, and her responding by saying it wasn’t her dog after they both had just seen it happen.
local brother-in-law heard you can make shitload of money doing that
she should've told me we needed condoms or to stop having sex when she stopped being able to take the pill properly.
latest bin laden tape for completists only
i feel guilty all the time because i know my housing is subsidized by public funding.
sight of coworkers' stupid fucking faces endured yet again
i won’t make excuses other than we all have our traumas and i fucked up.
pet researchers confirm 100% of owners who leave for work never coming back
recently he mentioned in passing travelling on business nearby and suggested the three of us have dinner.
also, i did tell him i would fix it in the morning, despite never doing it.
country cd put on to impress repair guy
powerball super fans camping out before the big drawing dressed up as their favorite numbers
i let out a low key "wtf" and hop to the bathroom.
tearful trump puts down ladle, walks out of soup kitchen after learning charitable foundation shutting down
the worst part about this is now the conversation is derailed and she hasn't committed to any sort of exercise plan because shes upset at me.
picture most closely resembling actual self immediately deleted
for not thinking of my mom, and dating the last kind of person that she would want as a son-in-law?
lazy man waiting for spark of inspiration to finally get started on masturbating
not surprisingly, this year at both entrances to the neighborhood, cars line the streets..
ungrateful man just up and dies after everything insurance company has done for him
for example,one dose of spinraza-medicine for sma patients- contains literally 7-8 drop of cure,and it costs estimatedly 140.000$.
he drove like a psycho on the way to drop me off so i jumped out of the car at a stop sign and had to walk home a mile and a half in the freezing rain in heels.
for example i told her i probably don't want to move in with her soon, while i might want to, but if i tell her and i change my mind she'd be disappointed.
i wrote a song about her and sent it to her, which she said she really liked so i got more hopeful.
i often questioned my morality because if i were in their shoes i would really want someone to tell me the truth.
he went off on how he sold it when he was planning to kill himself.
machiavellian white house groundskeeper gaining influence among west wing staff
later on the evening we start leaving the bar and go next door to an outdoor pizza place, as we are waiting for some people to get their food, her guy friend (i use friend loosely since they dont ever hang out since hes actually her best friends brother) started do some "quick little wrestling moves" as she put it.
they said they have enough evidence to assume he has been the sole thief and was immediately let go.
and i let out a surprisingly loud, squeaky fart like 10 inches from this kid's head.
15-year-old girl viciously torn apart by rabid pack of peers
this is also the main thing that is frustrating to me.
**customer** why do you keep using lasership?
all of my immediate family, cousins and most of my aunts and uncles speak from fluent to ok english.
report: 98% of german sexual intercourse uploaded to pornhub
baby is sleeping so well through the night!
my mom was mad at my fiancee and she told her i needed some time to be alone and i would come home when i was stronger and such.
if the consensus is that i’m an asshole, i just won’t bring it up at all and avoid the conflict.
just kinda sucks he: unless one of us dies, i highly doubt that it would be the last convo ever.
afterwards she asked if i what i meant about what i was saying and i said it "should be pretty obvious" and that "i wasn't giving up".
cosmopolitan offers 15 tips for fattening up for winter
breaking: adam got a ps4 for christmas
now i know that the dutch are known for being greedy and cheap bastards, but i'm still not sure whether my suggestion was the better way to deal with the issue.
barack obama names alan moore official white house biographer
my first time here so sorry if this breaks any rules or anything.
a while passes and i’m sitting down and check my phone and it’s a message from her boyfriend (they’re in the same room) and it said “ 5meirl7meirl, i want to have a word with you on how you spoke with petunia”.
so i call out “d is this what we are doing?” and he turns around as i take a picture.
this note sends my parents into panic.
i would fully be fine with this if she gave me a reason other than "don't want to".
not because i particularly liked that he was racist, just because he used to be my friend.
blogger takes few moments every morning to decide whether to feel outraged, incensed, or shocked by day's news
i don't like the idea that i made someone feel bad about their race.
i had to decide whether to travel or not, and ultimately decided that i couldn't risk missing the conference since my job was paying for me to be there and my registration was nonrefundable.
aita for leaving my fiancée for another guy?
aita for rubbing my neighbor's dog's poop all over his door handle?
firstly, i felt shocked because she's on the pill.
she basically said that she didn’t want him to know that she knew that he liked her.
now i have started working out to increase my self esteem and i eat almost 5,000 a day.
i held my tongue though because this was the happiest i had seen him in years, but i wasn't happy about it.
however she never really spoke directly to me before (though i'm willing to bet she has said things about me, as she does with many people).
and she lost her shit like i've never seen before.
report: attempting to prove masculinity results in over 8 million pulled muscles per year
aita for telling my mom that she is morbidly obese and endangering her health?
they dated for two weeks and he stayed with her in her dorm.
the husband lied about his age to all of us when we met and is so fucking creepy.
\- my sister wasn't easy to work with because she chose things i wouldn't want like a cabin in the woods, and then when they settled on the usual destination she demanded we go to an expensive restaurant thinking i'd want that.
chuck berry remembers call from cousin about white kid playing 'johnny b. goode'
alarming study finds 60% of americans don't know where their next value meal going to come from
i asked her if she thought i deserved an explanation or not.
little debbie conquers jenny craig in midnight showdown
household death toll climbs to one
i took the job because i was (and still am) desperate for money due to a few things out of my control.
everytime i try to arrange a meeting i'm met with countless excuses.
i understand these problems, but the thing is, this is the first time i'm hearing this.
she told me that she didn't mean it that it was just girl talk and that we are celebrating it.
it's so annoying, she always tries to be someone else while with them.
i won't study it, since i know i won't be passing anyway" i call them out on it, say it's irresponsible and that they should try exactly because they don't understand it.
there was some local driving over the thanksgiving weekend but i covered that cost myself.
i did not speak, or even look at him during this time.
she’s also great friends with my fiancé.
aita for asking my husband for sex for my birthday?
we ended up paying for the next bucket to show there were no hard feelings.
i always felt like an outcast in my family and it lead to me picking on her some.
part of that reasoning is that i knew she doesn't approve of guns, so it's not like i assumed she would be chill with it.
in september i saw them again, and she still seemed like she wanted to murder me.
i always told him that if he finds someone else, i wouldn't be mad if he decided to pursue them.
just fucking don't." am i the asshole?
i called to place my order, where they tried to overcharge me $3 on the pizza, and i had to point out their bullsh#t.
captain asks stranger to keep eye on destroyer while he runs to bathroom
study: american intestinal bacteria most obese in world
everyone in friend group drinking solely so they can tolerate each other
i didn't take a picture of someone's face or body or any features that someone could make out who it was.
aita for messing with a subreddit's css?
i guess what saddens me the most is even if he is not willing to try quitting for me, he should want to for his son's sake.
man filming childbirth picks up some b-roll of wife's vagina while waiting for baby to crown
im not going to stay here and not be able to correct observably false things.
i mean full on girl in girl make out session.
sounds of air hockey coming from supreme court chambers
so swim took his licks and after three years of jail, drug court, and prison swim was free and happy again.
sorry if the wording made it seem like the guns have already been bought.
man trying to get out of executioner duty
i guess it's fair to mention that i don't pay any bills in the house.
aita for not taking my roommate to taco bell?
so i loaded up and everyone else was heading home.
i am 26, ex us army going to college in a town near where i grew up.
but he doesnt have this roommate anymore, so i hoped to sleep early and get up soon for the job interview.
price of gas rises to four expletives per gallon
then i picked the exercise group of the guy who writes the test and wrote a summary of the important topics.
am i the asshole for fighting fire with fire??
self-conscious puppet has no idea what to do with hands
she then started to rant to me about how it was her phone and her property and i had no right to take it.
i know there's nothing to gain by telling the truth now.
new co-worker seems like nice enough guy
her parents are great as well, and have really embraced me as family, which is nice as i'm estranged from my homophobic, controlling parents.
aita for asking a girl out until she finally gave me a clear answer so for the last two years i'd ask this girl if she wanted to meet up and go out.
i say it is a principle and she needs to learn to do as she is told.
cute new dog helping single man pick up tons of hot shit
but it’s still very hard to get over the image of her walking around in a group of 50 people wearing nothing but lingerie.
looking back, i'm selfishly glad i stopped.
well for background, i am sensitive and get booty hurt easily.
the problem is i don't find her attractive physically.
rugged new sport-utility vehicle takes on mall parking lot
she responds “oh well i invited mark over to watch a movie and i wanted to see if you wanted to come over”.
(i should probably also mention that this is a room used exclusively for computer science related classes, so everyone there knows how to use a computer and can disable stuff like that very easily.) the key part is that it's never malicious, like deleting files or anything.
veteran brita filter's tour of duty extended another 3 months
i've never been a maid of honor before though.
so, me and a couple other neighbors visited them and asked them to control their pets.
she was older than me, but not yet 30.
wrestling announcer can't believe what he's seeing
is there a range of tolerance levels/“fandom” that i’m not aware of?
the rest of what happened was a bit of a blur, considering how drunk i was.
the only place they were allowed to go was the tool shed.
report: some people live in pennsylvania
many of you have quickly jumped to calling me an ass hole which is fine but i wasn't fully clear about all the details.
his response consists of how sick he is of our toilet backing up (this has been an intermittent issue for a while now), claiming i must not be flushing, as he doesn't have the problem.
robert mueller ascends into sky with umbrella after trump family promises they learned lesson about honesty
&#x200b; &#x200b; today i told her i wanted to do some sexual stuff with her and she said she was not in the mood.
eta: ok ..thx guys ..the consensus seems to be pretty clear ..ita
i’ll try to keep this short, but my bf recently decided to buy a house and my brother recently became a real estate agent.
pennsylvania republican doubts vote he just suppressed would even have made a difference
webster's reluctantly adds 'melty' to english lexicon
newly discovered dna evidence suggests children could be closely related to humans
starfucker gives stephen baldwin a hand job
i asked jokingly of she'd peed a little to make light of it, but she didn't respond and changed the subject immediately.
my wife is almost 30 already and i know that is a ticking clock.
tldr: girl i was formerly friends with made snarky comment towards me.
so i’m watching from my rolly chair, he’s watching from comfy chair.
woman in waiting area feels twinge of betrayal while watching her hairdresser making small talk with another
we walk in the emergency room and i'm the only person there.
a little eye opening & ill be more wary of my audience the next time i say something.
they could tie him up far enough away that he wouldn't bark at my dogs, or get on my fence, but they choose not to.
king ralph fails to become hip retro reference
glitch in country allows citizens to temporarily walk through tables
anyways later on i got a call from my irate sister demanding me to tell her who the fuck i am to talk to her kid that way.
mary does understand me to some extent, but she still thinks it’d be best to wear a suit in order to fit in, but otherwise she wouldn’t mind if i didn’t wear one.
a few months ago, someone else was sent flowers who also works in her office and she told me about it.
brace up, this is going to be a weird ride.
yeah yeah, i’m friendzoned, i get it.
before-and-after airbrushing image alerts fashion industry to evil of its ways
report: 42% of relationships begin with leaning over apartment balcony to see beautiful new neighbor watering zinnias below
we were raised to value our family and each other, and are quite close due to this.
hotel lobby treated to entirety of child's song catalogue during check-in process
from what i've seen of his social media, he hasn't really recovered yet.
grandma looking like absolute shit lately
am i the asshole in any of this?
romney frantically figuring out how tax plan could actually work after realizing he might win election
jellyfish falls short of dream to kill diana nyad
as the deadline approached it became clear that she didn't know how to use our code to actually get her screens to draw at the right times, because she hadn't paid attention or asked any questions about what the rest of the group was doing (she did not even bother to read the code containing the actual game logic).
ambitious social media startup has long-term 3-month plan for company
let her come home to an empty house and see how it feels.
aita for telling my girlfriend she's lying to herself?
then you turned around and dropped $2500 on them.
in the beginning we were training together but it stop since he could not pay for the bill at the local gym.
if they don’t want to do that, we all each have each others personal numbers to communicate through text.
-we are facetiming late at night when i fall asleep after she had been gone for about 1 minute to do something (i forgot).
she informed me that she was my manager and that she could do that.
iranian scientist annoyed he has to go back to shitty old job building nuclear weapons
&#x200b; but i don't think i am.
it's been eating me up inside so i'd like some feedback.
am i an asshole for flattening all of some persons expensive suv tires?
the closest family is my uncle (her son) who is unemployed/on disability and lives 4 hours away.
coworker's girlfriend not as pretty as expected
of course, i knew that her mom did want to support her, but just didn't know how to do it correctly.
she had not thought about / realized that i have possibly broken my promise until i brought this up to her.
every time area man drops by, friend is watching the big lebowski
the only way he knows to “fix” this is to go to sleep.
article about one world trade center building includes paragraph explaining 9/11
b emails during break, continuing to place blame on me.
they regularly play bingo (2-3x week) at a couple different places in vegas.
new hallmark line addresses israeli-palestinian conflict
i offered to also fly her home when she wishes.
roommate won't shut up about his best sound mixing oscar
aita for telling my fiance that i love my female friend, or is she just being unreasonably jealous?
jerry always willing to pick up overtime
it’s not a dealbreaker for me necessarily, i’m just wondering whether i should be more understanding and just get over a small quirk like this, or whether i should view this as lack of follow through.
so i am trying to drag the kids out before things go out of control.
cnn releases photos of 3 obese mexican women suspected in boston bombing
'grand theft auto v' missions to focus largely on tutoring, community outreach
&#x200b; we split the bills such as rent/water/gas/electric.
two are literally half way across the country.
god damns minnesota vikings as requested
grandmother's folksy sayings delay senility detection for years
my girlfriend and i make jokes about our skin colour all the time - eg.
study finds employees most productive when they can set their own salaries
luckily we didn't have to work together in the same room.
what my first suggestion was, was to share the 10 euros we had to pay for the cheaper meal amongst the two of us (who ordered the cheap meal).
she has this crazy agreement (in my eyes) with her parents about how they are having her stay home while she is in college because they are helping with expenses, although she wants to move and now can't until another year and a half.
her logic is that if it’s not that important to her so it should fall on my shoulders if it’s that important to me i feel like i’m not asking much.
at the time, i told her not to stress about it and pay me back when she could, because she was having money issues at that time.
things where said that weren't meant.
nasa administrator announces he will open his body up to sexual tourism
my brother was in the same room i was in playing fortnite and i couldn't sleep due to the clicking sound from his controller and him talking to his friends in the game.
fresca quietly takes control of 18-34 demographic in daring overnight raid
soon i just plan on not even making plans with her because her answers always seem conflicted to me.
edit 3: i apologize for any arguing in the comments.
10-pound fetus about to fucking wreck small mom
i couldn't have really asked for more.
bush frustrated by mother's constant questioning of his plans post-white house
the ride is mostly silent, until i see my other coworker in the back seat nudge my concealed shotgun with his foot.
everything that’s in the garbage can is someone else’s, so why do i have to take it out.
i have really tried to casually slip it in the conversation, making suggestions, etc.
on reading this, i’m really not sure.
historical archives: a puzzle for the mind
let me add some context for ya.
but the crazy part is she said she thought she was having sex with n (they have had sexual relations and she thought he had taken her home - we look nothing alike other than we are both persian).
my boyfriend has, without consulting me first, in the past 10 months gone behind my back and secretly learned how to speak cantonese(!!!!) to a conversational level.
after cleaning the plates today i noticed that he had hid all of the parsley i had sprinkled on his eggs under his cup.
in trying to calm things down i offered to color correct the photo and send it back, since it really only needed some lightroom work.
he said, no, but just motivated that she's a lonely old woman and a single mother with a forty-something daughter who is obsessed by cats...
the next morning i get a call from a rehab center saying that my girlfriend checked herself in the previous afternoon and they took her cell phone, she was so bad off they brought her to the nearest hospital to detox because they were worried about seizures blah blah blah.
however i just don't want my so to be friends with that person with a sheer fear that they might take advantage of my so.
she started smoking and drinking with us and became a part of the group quickly.
they were super adorable, and i asked if her kids were adopted.
paragon of chivalrous virtue lets date have last mozzarella stick
aita for pretending to be a girl?
report: it would probably be nice having friends
i lost my cool and i kept telling her i wanted a refund on my copay since they canceled on me.
&#x200b; did maybe one of your friends 'campaign' against him beforehand?
she didn't show up and thus i biked home with boy b.
hanukkah decorations being defaced earlier every year
'game of thrones' fans annoyed by obvious product placement for valyrian steel
am i an asshole for expecting that?
then i see my nephew hiding behind the sofa.
i’m soon to be 24, and have decided over the past 2 years that i’m definitely an atheist.
maybe we should compromise in a way that i haven't thought of yet?
trivial pursuit game reveals man lacks knowledge of basic social skills
i apologize for not remembering and she jus stays pissed, with no admission of fault on her part for the argument.
while closing the door he gave me a look like i truly betrayed him, he’s definitely hurt by this.
having seen the whole thing and being very frustrated with everything he does, i yelled “foul!” to see if he would do anything.
aita for asking a woman if im better at sex than her dead husband?
i have to admit that at that point i did become a little embarrassed and instead of just walking in i said "hey do you guys got any paper towels in here?" she looked shocked and her face said "why do you think this is okay" and she said "okay?
my boyfriend has always been controlling and asking me about what i'm doing, but since that it's been really rising up.
fake-a-wish foundation introduces dying child to brett favre lookalike
while also i am all for women empowerment.
she also claimed that guys don’t talk on the phone for two hours and that “something was going on” which may be the heart of the entire position.
pepsico marketing mix-up results in $300 million lemon-lime doritos campaign
poster vandal enters 'phallus in mouth' period
later on, she called me to let me know that she has a lot of respect for me but that i had crossed a boundary and was being emotionally abusive.
deputy attorney general's wife cracks down on pornography
best visual effects oscar introduced by highly acclaimed lens flare
she doesn't seem to be affected.
she finally built up the courage to tell me that she thinks i’m cute.
could there have been a better way to go around this?
dog who successfully detected cancer in owner put down for practicing medicine without a license
'roseanne' taping repeatedly interrupted by reporters trying to interview members of white working class
am i the asshole for pushing the issue?
tl;dr : friend and i tripped acid in hs.
controversial christian faction believes jesus was nailed to two parallel pieces of wood
i mentioned how they still eat dogs, and i told him about how horrific events such as the yulin dog festival are, since i remember reading about this recently on reddit.
she has recently started to go out with her friends at night, which i’m fine with.
efforts of world's 16 billion chickens still not adding up to much
the store manager, who i’ve also relayed this to has already spoken to marie about her constantly coming into work late (i was unaware of this) but hasn’t been taking anyone’s complaints about her seriously.
local couple celebrates birth of son with ritual genital mutilation
all of the things we had to put on hold while we focused on raising our son.
and he says we are and he won’t move out so i play his game.
nation not sure how many ex-trump staffers it can safely reabsorb
renowned ornithologist always secretly wanted to be a bird
area man regrets investing in facebook
every time i remind her that she's not supposed to be watching k-drama or something she just says "oh, this episode is almost done!
compromising company's values for advertising revenue referred to as 'partnering'
biden puts on lucky debate suit
the week after, my family was planning to go to our state fair that weekend, since it would be the last days.
walgreens to begin keeping most valuable employees behind glass
update [here]( i've been with my wonderful girlfriend for a few years now, and we usually get along great, aside from this current issue.
i tried to get him to physically strike me because he is always telling me he could beat me up.
minty is very affectionate both physically and verbally with her friends (by physically i mean she’s always keen for a hug and things like that).
man just using virgin mary to get to jesus
we'd talk and hang out with mutual friends even if alex wasnt around.
the table was a handcrafted all oak and mahogany dining table and is going for $1,000.
naacp demands less minority representation on upn
nation offsets carbon footprint by planting single 300,000-foot-tall tree
i’ll put the new born in his crib about 7:30, and i and the toddler do her get ready for bedtime ritual until i put her to bed at 8:30.
magazine article about mindy kaling fails to mention she's a woman
howard schultz considering independent presidential run after finding no initial support among any voter groups
journey of self-discovery leads man to realization he doesn't care
after i (m24) got off work friday i sent her a delivered pepperoni pizza she was craving hoping that it would make up for me not coming this weekend, boy was i wrong.
if it means your legs need to be in pain going downstairs or walking fast then so be it.
kids getting a little old to still believe in innate charitable goodness of humans
radio talk-show caller to make point
i don’t how these things work, if i know i don’t want anything serious am i then being selfish if i think she may have feelings for me?
i take her data, do my own progress, share nothing with her while she is handcuffed to come to me for help, because it is not her area of expertise.
it has very limited natural defense to other predators, dogs, snakes, cars, and other cats.
we leave this club we're in and go to this small dinghy pub/club nearby.
report: 50% of heaven's population just assholes who begged for forgiveness at last second
well my friend did think it was a big deal and got somewhat irate.
she says something like "my parents are away and my older brother is looking after me because my parents asked him to".
it has gotten so bad that i can barely control my rage.
recently she has been messaging him again.
i'm just sitting there stewing in anger and already feel like my day has reached a breaking point.
the past summer job was only able to cover the last 6 months and i’m still on the hook for the next 6 and the 6 after if i start my internship.
it was probably a combination of the mimosas we had earlier + the cuteness of the puppies but i ultimately agreed to buy one of the dogs because i couldn't stand the thought of it being put down.
edit/clarification: i smoke outside the student hostel, the smell is just carried by my clothes.
i am not really happy and i may never be but i am also not in a bad place.
so basically, i'm a psychology student in my graduating year, and around last year i borrowed a psychology book from a friend of my sister (i honestly don't remember if i did give my thanks, it was quite a while ago).
l'oréal releases new line of makeup specifically for men to wear when wives not home
while i was lurking on that post, i immediately noticed another account that i new for sure belonged to a local friend of mine.
i tell her this because if i don't she will become very upset which is the last thing i want to do, especially from now up till our exams.
i should add as it has been a point that they have two kids whom i always have fun hanging with when we see each other, and they are always excited to see me, i also have the same personality as her husband, which is my partner's best mate, go figure.
he didn't bother to talk to me again, but he makes me mad when i catch him looking at me.
it's honestly a surprise that she's still my girlfriend after everything.
report: it too soon to glance back at attractive person
aita for getting annoyed with people's idealism?
i realize he is losing money or whatever but i have to live with the person too!
i've had it for around three years now, but just got the official diagnosis about a half a year ago.
i feel a bit bad about it now, but ultimately i’m not sure if i’m the asshole or not in this situation.
he could be underexaggerating or lying, and i'd be none the wiser.
thousands of rats tumble about uncontrollably inside snoopy balloon high above thanksgiving day parade
he sometimes does laundry and helps under protest if i make him.
aita for getting mad at my mum over her not getting me a gift i wanted.
i'm very depressed and i do not want to talk to her or even think about her.
alito keeps telling supreme court how they did things in circuit court
i went inpatient at a mental hospital and was never contacted by him for any reason during that time.
i come back in and try to explain to her that i can’t understand her, but she starts getting mad at me.
one day he showed up to my house after i invited him to chill, and he appeared to be tripping.
tl;dr my brother was on the game while i was trying to sleep at night.
when the waitress left to get towels, they asked why i was upset.
media intern looking forward to moving up at company that won't exist in 8 months
i want to talk about so we can finally get over it as i feel like it’s still there,hindering our friendship.
i don't care so much doing the small stuff by myself, but i'm not a big fan of doing a two person job alone.
aita for freaking out and telling my one night stand to get out my flat?
so am i a paranoid asshole or is she putting our relationship on the line for her job?
it got pretty heated, but it got me wondering.
aita: i’m a new driver and i might have just broken a right of way law i was mistaken about?
senate bully forces legislators to repeatedly pass 'we are huge homos' bill
he also threatened to send me back to live with my mom (she lives in another state).
new affordable daycare sort of keeps an eye on your kids
i said i understood, but i'd like something different and i really just didn't want to go to the nearby town where we just walk around.
area man wants something made of titanium
she has filed a police report and we even have footage of either him or someone he knows (in a hoodie and couldnt see face) delivering the packages to her doorstep, to avoid a return address since we said we were calling the police.
least avid sports fan tasked with fetching the next round
man must be living with roommates by choice at this point
but part of me was wondering if she just might have been a pervert and stopped when she saw that i had a phone in my hand.
man angry at self after not recognizing actress in eyelash commercial
school psychologist crushing it in wake of fatal sports injury
so i went to his apartment for the first time on sunday afternoon to so he could pick up his ram's gear.
i told her i missed her friendship and she said "me too i guess." she finally agreed to give me a chance.
employee keeps up the good work
well now i’m upset because i’m going to feel guilty no matter what decision i make at this point.” so- “i’m just upset because you said yes but you clearly were pissed off about it.” yes.
bus driver appears to have had rough summer
i'd pay for the gas i use (my dad is really observant and i wouldn't be surprised if he kept some sort of track of how much gas is in the car) 3.
in conversation i mentioned to a friend (call her sarah) that i was buying a new bedroom suit when i moved in october.
al gore excited, proud to be at local event
while we aren't legally married, we live a married cohabiting lifestyle.
man races against time to take out trash bag with widening puncture
when we were about to leave she came back and asked "did someone have 2 pounds of wings?" i sat there hoping not to be found out but all of my friends ratted on me.
a-i know that you meant it as an obvious inappropriate joke and no i don’t need to see what other people have sent back.
his weight has fluctuated the past two years.
i want to propose an ultimatum.
she ends up dropping out of some of her classes that she had with me in it and as far as i know has had it off extremely poorly since the incident.
around the time i was 16 or 17 she started dating a guy who would eventually become my step father.
report: john lennon probably would have eventually died anyway
woefully misguided man stocking up on gallons of milk for armageddon
i also do not live at the house where his stuff is, it is at my parents house.
we’ve talked to neighbors on either side, across the street, and 2 doors down to explain our situation, apologize, and offered to power wash sidewalks of poop stains/give them free eggs once production picks back up in the spring—while working on a solution.
one thing led to another and we made out that day, though it wasn't out of nowhere because we flirted a lot so the feeling was always there.
visit home reveals parents currently watching previously undiscovered game show
turkey spent 25 billion-again,without remainders- to medicine.all the medicine in whole country.
&nbsp; my reasoning is, the only reason why somebody would leave a textbook near a trash can is: 1) because they wanted to throw it away, which in that case, i have no qualm in taking the book.
man remembers it summer solstice after noticing group of pagans fucking in ring of fire on way to work
if it's not done by then we risk getting fined.
so she gets her stream setup and she builds herself a computer and start streaming after a month she becomes a twitch affiliate and has already started to get donations subscribers and bits.
&#x200b; i am texting this guy, and he has been over a few times.
'now that's what i call a fumble,' reports man at super bowl party who has no idea what he's talking about
my dad says i should just let them merge but aita for not letting people skip traffic and then push infront of me?
56 or are we in the triple digits now?
the house that we live in was passed down through the club, so the living room, dining room, kitchen, and some bedrooms are completely furnished and we paid the previous residents for it.
aita for not helping my wife more?
she went on about how close they were getting, how much she liked him, how much he liked her, etc.
they tell me to call my friend and tell him that i can’t go because some family issues just came up.
i eventually turn around so i can go down the sidewalk regularly (bad for my tires but this dude was going to punch me or some shit).
my mom was worried about this because if i didn't pay the electricity if this did not work then she would be liable.
sessions argues justice department will not be swayed by political considerations outside private prison lobbyists, wall street donors, anti-lgbt christian activists
i was abused relentlessly emotionally and physically i have scars on my body from cigarette burns and getting hit with objects like bats, metal rods all of that.
however, i mentioned that i wasn’t looking for a relationship without sex, as it would basically just be us being really good friends that cuddle sometimes.
however, i also told them that when we travel, i insist that wherever we stay hads enough bedrooms that each of my boys can have their own room.
no matter how clean her car box is, she just pees on our stuff.
i drive a 2018 range rover with plenty of interior space.
man wishes there was some sort of sign he could put on his house to let visitors know he has gone fishing
terminally ill serpent renounces symbolic ties with evil
i totally understand that neither of us live at home any more and want to get as much time with our families as possible because we love and miss them, which is why i feel like i am a bit of an asshole.
gop mulls forcing christine blasey ford to publicly apologize to kavanaugh just for hell of it
ella said she would definitely help me with my wedding planning when it was my turn.
i said whatever, just like i kept saying, but shit has gotten weird.
he says that he just wants to forgive and understand us but i think he is too far gone.
aita for not telling people who flirt with me i have a so?
(sidenote: i dislike all sports and he knows that, so he never expects me to go to his games.
neighbor still has tree standing in yard weeks after arbor day
frustrated dad at restaurant just wants a normal burger
the only messages i would not reply to would be ones that seemed to be a dead end such as "okay".
he said that’s fine and made up an excuse to get off the phone.
her partner and i have a quite a history, about 10 years worth and the partner has only ever been a good time friend.
man's wife dies of cancer just like in the movies
there's times she'll message or call me all excited and i'm glad she's sharing this with me only to find out she did the same with guess who her sisters and her 2 friends.
felt board adds clarity to christ's teachings
i took a gap semester to find a job and make some money to help with post secondary.
john bolton arrives in office excited to see so many familiar wars
baseball hall of fame elected to hall of fame hall of fame
side note: a few months ago i started asking him about his resume and he would immediately change the subject.
when i say that she earns a lot, she really does.
every family member's birthday now marred by some tragedy
she has stopped being friends with me 3 times, once because i tried to get with her when she was single after saying she wanted to take my v card from me.
me: i know how late these are, and i completely understand if you choose not to accept them.
she approached me; i wasn't ready for a relationship but she had the same condition (not as severe) and needed to fix things too so i told her we'd do it together.
now i am understanding what (my dad) said to me.
she is extremely stiff in the morning, and has a lot of trouble getting outside to smoke before she's had her morning smoke.
george zimmerman's attorney opens second day of trial with trayvon martin impression
despite being wary of ruining an important friendship through the friction of living together, we decided it made sense.
so after asking her about it i realized the date and said "nevermind, 28".
americans bravely go to polls despite threat of electing congress
my friend was insistent that my sister go as well.
then the hospitals make millions of dollars harvesting and selling the organs and tissues from each person and then a broker is paid to transport them and then other hospitals and doctors make millions of dollars implanting those organs and providing after care.
i was somewhat caught off guard when she changed tones and said something along the line of “oh, so that’s how it is around here”.
aita here, i did what i planned to do, and i'm done.
i see her bio and there is already a huge no-no.
'back to dock' voted most popular destination among current rowboat passengers
it’s 2019, and over the last 3 years my husband does not like me knowing his weight.
i believed this until my mother popped in to ask if she put the right number of pills into my tea.
but fuck it, the pre-cut vegetables i bought in the store tended to have some mushrooms in them.
she then proceeds to give a whole **speech** about how no-one in this family seems to care about her accomplishments and such, storms out, ruins the party and leaves everyone speechless.
horrified grimes stumbles upon boyfriend's $18 billion plan for all-new, reinvented grimes
but don't worry, tl:dr at bottom.
of course later on the school found out and my parents eventually found out.
clown looked a lot different in online profile photo
that's what host of 'showtime at the apollo' talking about
aita for telling my friend his crush is out of his league?
longtime residents worry roommate with well-paid job slowly gentrifying apartment
the problem is she absolutely loves her current job and is good at it.
he got extremely distant towards me and then stopped talking to me entirely.
kissinger instructs palin on finer points of clandestine carpet bombing
we often have very little time as we will sleep late and wake up early in the morning to go to work.
my daughter’s 5th grade class is having a sex education week this week and yesterday she came home and i asked her what she learned.
congressman picked last for committee on youth fitness
and she told me,"well let's go then" to which i answered, "it doesn't work like that...
anxious gina haspel gives self little pep interrogation in bathroom mirror
aita for urging my sister to graduate early?
special guest at sea lion show just another sea lion
aita for kissing someone while we were on a break?
to get some experiences and have something to do, it was planned to start an internship (no money, just a favour) next monday at the company xy my fil works, who got me the interview for the internship.
like he's seriously always working on his car from the moment i wake up to go to uni, until when i go to sleep.
not a clickbait title, that's actually what happened.
new archie graphic novel explores rich inner life of jughead
fucking oasis to probably be worked into olympics opening ceremony
but i had never before been spoken to by a teacher this way.
they suggest using my range rover as it has generous amounts of leg room even with my equipment and is just a nicer vehicle in general.
now, i won't say that she doesn't have anxiety.
'nothing ordinary' about multinational chain of pepsico-owned, mexican-themed fast food outlets
because according to her it wasnt fine and she just said it was because she was "too much of a pussy" (her words) to say otherwise and i am a nasty piece of shit according to a lot of my friends now.
i liked the me that was in love with her.
as mentioned before we are both religious so the thought of him getting off to other women bothered me.
am i the asshole for these situations?
i guess i dropped it infront of the gym and he was trying to catch up to me to give me it.
i tried to express my sympathy for him and his family when he dropped off his rent check to where he basically didnt acknowledge me so when he came back later i called him out and told him that just because your grandmother died doesnt give you the right to be a prick and treat us like shit when you do speak us.
the station is a large public space that is warm during the winter, which means that many homeless people sleep there during the winter.
boardroom begins to quake as black-eyed ceo announces vision for future of company
i will point out that he seems to spend a lot of it on stuff not related to his disability, e.g.
terrified glob of cream cheese escapes bagel
but would it be wrong to take her on this trip with me?
aita not liking my co worker so just some context.
ordinarily, an hour would be plenty of time to do these tasks, but i have quite a lot of stuff to pack (suitcase of clothes, and two medium sized boxes of electronics and other stuff).
aita for stopping talking to my friend?
now, i'm in no position to call them dumb, nor is it my wish to do so.
aita for getting upset that my boyfriend won't help me work through my issues the same way i help him work through his?
i told him i deleted it which i didnt.
i was always adamant when i told her that i didn’t want a relationship, just a friendship and sex (we play games together and go out to eat often.
another thing that happens is if i am unable to do these chores, like if i'm not at home for an extended period of time, like say visiting my mother for the weekend, he wont do anything except take care of the dogs.
first of all, i am a private person, and rarely let people into my space as it is, generally because it feels intrusive.
she lived with me rent free for 4 years.
i don't think its a huge ask if it means i could be a lot more comfortable in my own home.
i was just trying to problem solve.
we didnt have any other plans that night.
man wearing 'jewmerica' t-shirt never dreamed he'd see this day
"what the hell is your problem?" but by then it was too late.
**first things first, this is an alt account because of the nature of the post.** i am 19m, and i met ashley at a bar a few weeks ago.
after a few months of this bad place, i finally came to the conclusion that even if he wouldn't sleep with me, i didn't want to end the relationship and that i would just have to cross the cheating river if we ever arrived at it.
i had a panic attack at the gym because our song came on.
of course hair stylist remembers gina
we'd hang out every break and lunch and whatever lessons we had in common as i did with everyone in that group.
debate organizers set aside first 15 minutes for whatever major trump revelation comes out between now and then
so the woman would have to put the toilet seat down 7 out of every 18 toilet visits, averaging 3.5 each day.
5-year-old says 'sesame street' has sucked since 2010
i protested regarding this last thing as well, but my position hasn't been considered, because she said that none of her friends are going to bring their bfs.
kitten thinks of nothing but murder all day
why do you feel like a company owes you a entry level job or internship?
area mom: 'i finally learned computers'
even though she knows he is struggling with letting go of our old relationship and this is hindering his commitment towards her, they are building something together based on the fact that this relationship is over.
the day comes and i get a message from my girlfriend saying the day is now free and is on her way to the train station to come to my city.
but she has told me point blank the exact brand she wants.
or is it just another thing like drinking and smoking and i'm just overreacting and need to grow up?
so, the next day, after getting in another phone call, instead of asking how my day was, or just asking about my well being in general, she asks, why do men have urinals.
i've just worked from about 9am to 11pm and i'm tired, i just want to go home and eat, then sleep.
-i don’t want to make this post too long so last point she tells her friends i am using her after i told her that we wouldn’t be together forever and this is just highschooo fun.
at his funeral one of my mothers friends came up to me and told me “don’t worry it was in gods plan for your brother.” i’m an atheist and her friends know it and send me things all the time about church and to save my soul and the fact they said god decided to give him depression and make him kill himself lit me on fire.
she left my place this past sunday, so it's still fresh in my mind and i keep thinking about it and how it will, most likely, turn out.
afterwards, i just stopped talking to her and to this day i still feel resentful towards what happened, i don't interact with her but i do tell people who ask "why don't i hang out or talk to her" this story.
syrian electronic army has a little fun before inevitable upcoming deaths at hands of rebels
me (now genuinely flabbergasted)- sorry- ask your husband to carry your daughter.
normally i would feel bad and embarrassed if i kept one of my roommates up for being loud and would be incredibly inclined to apologize, but this was not the case this time around.
i reached out to a lot of other groups for us to have friendly matches against.
double-entendre doesn't stand up to scrutiny
ultimately the meeting felt very productive.
i tried to confront her about this and she just says that we can do long distance but i can't help but feeling that she is trying to leave me behind on purpose.
i told her she was being selfish and now she won't even discuss it with me.
so aita for not giving him the money until the due date?
my so started to get up as well, but without thinking and in front of friends i asked the so, 'unless you want to stay and i can pick you up later?' and immediately knew i shouldn't have said it because i put them in a position to make the decision in front of friends.
i've been in a relationship with my girlfriend for 5 months now and we had a interesting conversation tonight.
nancy pelosi slams edited footage with claim that when she's drunk you'll fucking know it
i'd kind of unloaded on her things i had been keeping to myself, namely, that she has owed me $200 for almost 2 years now.
but that's not what i'm asking.
prince harry engaged to woman who will never love him the way 29-year-old idahoan graphic designer jennie hoffman does
so, i decided to go at once (sorry to whoever was playing with me) and on the way i shout at him "piece of shit" he instantly comes at me with his fist closed, with a grin on his face and by there i'm ready to (try to) punch him too.
millions of holiday travelers return from parents' homes all caught up on 'the mentalist'
their response: "can you read?" and "i don't hate vegans, i love animals".
my job is also promotional modeling so when i have eye bags it really is a pain in the butt.
if the powerful get to charge draconian amounts for health care then i should have the same right to sell my organs for whatever i can get.
these are topics she doesn’t readily discuss with me and that’s fairly normal and no fault on her end.
stop wondering why guys find you repulsive aswell.,, she hung up and called my gf sobbing about what a horrible human being i am.
i’ll be moving out next month and gone for at least 6 months.
this has made me feel concerned for how much it would take for him to stand up for me and be a man n stuff.
brad pitt decides to grow out forehead hair
he says that he finds it “totally confusing” and that he feels powerless.
he was really excited and told my aunt, but my aunt took this a little...
i started transitioning about 1.5 years ago and my marriage to my wife since then has been unbelievably rocky.
we always make fun of each other but it’s all in good fun.
nation leery of very odd little boy
ringo starr announces 26th beatles album with new backing band
arsenio hall writers still keeping in touch
i haven't spoken to her since it happened on sunday.
nation mostly alarmed that government's top programs handled by 29-year-olds
little karate figures on top of local dojo's trophies all cowering in fear
around christmas they hid all the presents and put the police’s phone numbers around the house because they feared that i was violent and the father threatened a restraining order after that email.
if i were to visit the us, would i be an asshole for not tipping?
we’re not college students, or adults who should know better.
she took one of her boys to the er (nothing serious) and guess what?
aita for sleeping with my a guy my friend is interested in?
song deemed good enough to put girlfriend on shoulders
my boyfriend lived in a single room, so i kept most of my things at my apartment.
i worry that i may have spoiled my so by agreeing to give them rides whenever they ask.
however, when we got our grades back after the peer evaluations were factored in, i had a low b and realized that my homework grade was over 10 points lower than one of my partners, making it impossible to get an a.
neighborhood starting to get too safe for family to afford
my boyfriend was really worried i had something else going on because of the amount of pain i was in, and wanted me to go to the hospital, but i'm in the medical field so i felt like i knew when i would need to go to the doctor.
hand my child a knife to cut tape?
clinton takes stand against harmful uv radiation
'game of thrones' season 3 opens with every character getting fingered while discussing arrival of winter
nation checks out cnn.com to see what their old pals the tsarnaevs and castros are up to
report: half of all americans probably should have thought of that before they opened their mouth
it has come to the point where i started banging a broom on the ceiling to let them know they are being too loud.
i don’t know how he’ll react.
he never faces any problems he has and rather avoids it.
nervous pope candidate changes wine into jesus christ's urine
dead deer by side of road covered in graffiti
there have been 3 instances where my roomate has told me to be quiet and they have all been in the late afternoon/early evening and i immediatly quiet down.
giuliani demands mueller wrap up investigation and imprison president by september
against my partner because i was completely unfaithful and that's always an asshole move?
world's leading entomologist calls for someone to get it off
i feel like a piece of ****.
like, i get that i'm a creepy fuck, and i get why that may deter you from wanting to talk with me.
group of friends chanting 'shots' make compelling point
but i don’t know what she expects me to do.
new, improved google maps lets user launch missile at any location on globe
aita for not wanting my father to text me every single day?
which she of course was pretty happy about.
they won't talk to us, refused to accept a birthday present for their son and has unfriended me on facebook.
i told my friend that i told her he was gay and he was pissed.
coroner's report concludes alton sterling died of institutionalized causes
new study confirms this didn't even feel like a 4-day work week
world's oldest woman just pleased every other human on earth when she was born now dead
so i have a neighbor whose wi-fi i use and give her like 10 bucks a month.
we did this for about two responses from each other then she said she never wanted a debate then when i was writing a response to that she deleted me off snapchat.
townsfolk strongly prefer man's werewolf incarnation
i make a right turn onto our street and only then after he asks me to take him to taco bell.
new device converts grass to meat
if i told her mom after knowing that she didn't want me to, i would've looked like a real assholes and she would've completely lost her trust in me.
the last straw was this weekend.
secret service agent not so secret about being david alan grier fan
aita for hanging out with a close friend that’s also an ex my gf just broke up with me because i was hanging out with my ex, who i consider a very good friend.
i also offered to pre-cut some wrapping paper for here to save her some time.
am i the asshole for being tired of christmas celebrations?
inspirational poster kitten falls to death after 17 years
we’ve been together for 1.5 years, currently live together.
in our room there is no kitchen, but there is a communal one upstairs.
ive had to stay late multiple times to cover his fuck ups.
clinton goes back in time, teams up with golden-age clinton
note-ex boss man is *flammin’* ass gay so i know there’s nothing to worry about there...it’s just that he’s a piece of shit.
i'm also 16 years old and a student.
bully tragically trusted to sign arm cast
wretched outcast woman with combination skin forever trapped between dry and oily worlds
i deleted the tweet and went to bed.
there have been many nights where we crash together watching a movie, only for her to wake me up and move me out to the couch.
so, reddit i want to know, am i the asshole?
steve king vehemently denies comparing immigrants to people
my second brother was his best man.
i just feel guilty for acting like a child, and scaring people by putting myself in danger, afterwards i apologised to my friends and said there was only so far i could go, before it got too much.
aita for telling my date to give up on his dream of a major career in the music industry ?
my friend (let's call her ex) wanted a lilac dress.
man approaches unfamiliar shower knobs like he breaking wild stallion
i'm really angry about this situation, but i know that there are kids who don't ever get a license before they're 18, don't have a car to use, and don't have the opportunities from my parents that i have.
'who sent you here,' whispers woman to big tray of cheese danishes confronting her in break room
man invites friends to bar to watch game, interact fleetingly during commercial breaks
she's gotten several people in her office on her side, and they are all calling me a racist and giving me dirty looks.
nation shudders to think how mad nra would be if obama actually proposed meaningful gun control
in the middle of the next day i found my team role was gone.
marauding gay hordes drag thousands of helpless citizens from marriages after obama drops defense of marriage act
we wait a bit longer once we get to the car, then we all leave so i can pick up my dad.
of course he is hurt by my feelings for the ex, but he is very supportive of me doing whatever i think is necessary to deal with it any way or another.
but here lately when i try to initiate (she never does) she always has an excuse.
my dad was someone that she met, and she couldn't spare any tears for him.
she has 2-4 friends over to our place 3-5 nights a week, usually after 8pm.
when he comes back and sees the screen he's furious.
i'm happy to buy a gal a drink as part of the little ritual, but these two always had boyfriends.
it was also clear she was hiding this from me.
bus passenger stops trying to enjoy kansas scenery
all the good sentiments on 'get well soon' card already taken
last living tamagotchi dies in captivity
while we were talking, but not exclusive i did see other girls, and she knew that, though how much she cared for it idk.
so, property management visited them and told them to keep the noise down.
white house press corps wishes show of solidarity over banned reporter could be for better news organization than cnn
i didn’t even know what panda express was for 18 years.
i had to answer honestly because if i lie and break up with her afterwords i'm a piece of shit.
rotating knife vortex closed pending safety investigation
we didn't practice polygamy for the first 2 years though (we're together 6 years now).
aita for bullying someone who bullied me?
she was finally ready for a relationship and he hadn’t ever really gotten over her, i don’t think.
so i have to be paying you to expect the same courtesy i extend?
but why the hell can't i get this crap of my conscience?
i work part time and he was working two jobs.
god decides against killing self after angel shows him what life would be like if he never existed
somali pirates tow guy with stalled jet ski
my little brother is in his mid 20’s and still lives at home.
the trip was over $1500 which is a lot of money for a college student but i had a plan for money coming in.
me and my best friend have been friends for about 5 years now, and just to make it clear, it's true that i do have a tendency to flake when it comes to her planning events.
nation satisfied as selena gomez completes transition into sexualized plaything
i was shocked even though i already knew that.
half a year ago, my dad passed away.
small-town residents come together for arby's raising
elderly rite aid patron stretching out conversation about toothpaste to prolong human contact
if she does get another job at 50% her current salary she’ll essentially be earning just barely enough to cover childcare, healthcare, and perhaps a little towards retirement but nothing else.
paul giamatti cuts back on acting to focus on signature line of shapeless khakis, rumpled polos
this same thing happened a few times but nothing ever happened.
new study finds no long-term health benefits
she always liked to watch films and cartoons and read books, and she liked 'nerdy' things like harry potter and superheroes and animes a lot, and she liked to stay in rather than go out.
my wife set up my best friend with her sister, they are now married.
first time posting on reddit and on mobile, so sorry in advance for any issues.
trump casually informs pence he going to make one or two appearances during speech
it’s now the second of jan, and we still haven’t talked, he’s sent two texts that i’ve ignored.
fabled burger king employee places single onion ring in everyone's fries
am i the asshole for being super pissed and wanting to blow him off this week?
while on that walk a stray dog run up on us and my boyfriend kicked it.
and of course the rep will try to escalate it.
i responded with a “thanks” and that was it.
sometimes i wouldn’t correct him at all, but the majority of the time i did.
buttery goodness now america's top domestic product
at this point, i'm about 70% sure they don't actually want me to go to the party, and get pretty pissed at both being left out and most importantly being bounced around and treated like a fool.
sometimes, their dog would come over and play with my 2 dogs.
we are almost all weekends at my home, since her house is too small for me to sleep there, she shares her room with her little sister and there's no room for me, we've tried it a few times but it didn't work out.
i tried to explain to her last night after hearing the news of girls being allowed in the boy scouts that i no longer feel comfortable encouraging our young son to participate in the boy scouts now that girls are allowed in the boy scouts.
fan just going to keep open mind about whether new 'star wars' best or worst movie ever
a few months ago, i was camping with some friends.
i basically ask her if she already out dinner away, thinking maybe i'd had an extra-long shower by accident, and she responds with "the rest are in the package, but they only take like five minutes to cook." i'm livid, this happens more than i'd care to admit and not just with sausages.
aita for telling her "i love you and i want a future with you" just fix [problem] first when i'm not sure if i do want to be with her (at least until i know she's changed) or is it her responsibility to draw a line if i really am hurting her that badly?
how can i try to reconciliate with him?
'you did the best you could,' says iron man action figure voiced by despondent toys 'r' us ceo packing up office
the rest of us drove older cars because we were pretty young, and she would always try to flex about her poor financial decision.
i am often up during the day or late working on assignments.
i posted about this on facebook and someone i knew commented, “maybe people have anxiety about where to sit and you having a second of awkwardness walking past them is worth it you horrible terrible mean spirited devil woman!” i know he was trying to be silly about the last part, but it’s coming from a place of apparent offense.
applicant who actually faced punishment for sexual assault clearly not yale material
new ups extended-tracking numbers give customers updates on delivery driver's location for years after package drop-off
scientists claim solar energy will be capable of powering 95% of scorchlands outposts by 2085
halloween unfortunately not only night of year area man drunk in firefighter uniform
she brings up how her brother dated at 16, and how i’d let her younger brother date at 14.
&#x200b; over the past few months following our one year anniversary anna and i have been talking about our relationship and the issues we see that do/may cause issues between her and i.
aita for reporting my former best friend to the irs for tax evasion me and my best friend had a falling out over him saying some pretty insulting things about my girlfriend of 3 years.
i started screaming and tried to get the bird away and ended up getting all scratched up and bloody in the process.
i \[20m\] don't really date because i've just had bad experiences in the past, but it's been 4 years since i was in a relationship so i decided to put myself out there.
mark zuckerberg's net worth plunges not even close to enough
jim lehrer forced to report on his own botched debate moderator performance on tonight's 'newshour'
it wasn’t like she had to remember anything different.
symphony orchestra simply cannot wait for collaboration with john mellencamp
paul ryan discovers half-finished escape tunnel leading out of speaker's office
small-town sheriff has actually killed surprising amount of people
that was a mistake and all hell broke loose.
so one night we're all in the club in a booth and the husband wants to go home, but the wife wants to stay and dance a bit.
dad doesn't trust the fish here
or telling my girlfriend to get me bluebell ice cream, then when she does ill tell her i asked her for ben and jerrys.
it's been an on going issue for years, for every gift giving holiday.
now, you may think “no, that’s completely reasonable” but i have trypophobia, so things with holes weird me out.
july of this year, i finally moved out on my own.
this story takes place around 8 years ago, when i was in high school.
disillusioned museum admissions employee doesn't even believe own annual membership pitch anymore
finally on the 4th day she replies saying how she’s seeing someone and he gets mad when he sees my name pop up on the phone, she “feels like a bad person” keep in mind we’d been chatting about us less than two weeks prior.
had gay friend ones who called these kind of men "f\*g hags".
joe is less of a worry, aita?
and might i add that when we discussed plans with his mum, she specifically suggested breakfast because she knew we had late lunch with my fam.
we are starting to become closer.
so i open this one and it's a picture of him in just boxers, captioned: *i can't even find myself.* i immediately think that this is a strange picture and word combination to send a 'friend'.
most of these ladies at this time (they've since finished their mods and moved on and have been replaced by wonderful people) acted like they were doing god's work because they had kids.
area man a staunch single-gender voter
petulant 12-year-old refuses to brown the ground chuck
&#x200b; but she kinda snapped and asked me "why is it such a big deal to me?" and told me i was being selfish and not compromising enough.
report: antismoking group has never even tried cigarettes
i think if they’re truly upset they should confront me.
i'd previously mostly done a different role, but playing this role instead made me feel excited about my hobby again.
'there are things that exist which are not good,' says obama in stunning rebuke of trump
scholars say constitution is open to differing interpretations because nobody can read that crazy script
defense: 'george zimmerman is, you know, he's a decent enough guy'
aita for getting out of work 15 min late and not telling the person picking me up?
my idea of cuddling is pjs and some light kissing.
i keep these for my own reasons and never bring them inside my office.
no nice things about how much he loves me.
i can’t help but feel guilty for hurting her as it probably seemed kind of out of the blue from her perspective.
every nbc program to end with character straight up asking viewers what kind of new tv shows they would like to see
i'm in college and was studying frequently with her.
(names changed for privacy) ___________ - me and best friend(bill) belong to an outfit of friends, important ones that'll come up later will be pablo, wilson, tony, and ike.
manafort clearly attempting to send judge encrypted whatsapp messages while waiting in courtroom
my bf tried to pull me away but i got mad at him and told him to let me go.
aita for taking issue with my boyfriend’s family being racist toward me?
world's supermodels form hall of justice to protect ordinary models
i would have expected at least a notification of the gathering out of respect or just a little something to make it not seem like such an obvious direct insult.
but as time passed, they got more and more annoying.
she is still training hard every day but every single day she gets home she complains about how she will be too old by the next olympics, she will not make it etc etc.
the problem is that the app has two levels of warnings: one for earthquakes in general, and another for earthquakes strong enough to cause damage.
this sort of thing has happened 2-3 times the last year.
m responds by saying that it saves time to just pick at random, while k follows up by telling me that i'm entitled to my opinion but that she doesn't really care.
that night we decided to go so we could take pictures of the lights and swing.
it looks much bigger than in the store.
aita if i'd rather spend time with my friends than with my foreign family that comes once a year?
we definitely had a lot more sex last year but i’ve gotten a promotion and she didn’t so she’s trying to focus more.
report: most effective marketing technique still giving out little versions of product
people pity him so much they have to be friends with them.
this upset him, as he doesn't understand that neither an hour plus meeting of professionals nor an active vet center is somewhere a 5 year old should be.
so this is what i found which also requires some backstory.
i dont want to lose my friend because i know he will be difficult about it, hes very stubborn.
she was already upstairs and had the door closed because it was cold.
so as he dribbled past me, i simply stuck out my foot and tripped him.
&nbsp; **tl;dr:** i'm an asthmatic and my boyfriend swore up and down that he didn't smoke anymore.
&#x200b; thank you for the comments.
entertainment lawyer 'fighting the good fight'
last year, in our post wish small talk, i excitedly told her about my current girlfriend and how amazing she is and how in love i am.
she shared some of her favorite songs and i found a few that i liked and a few that i didn't.
tbh i just want confirmation that i am so that i can attribute this to anxiety and be done with it.
after awhile she started to talk shit about me when she thought i could hear (i dont have well hearing due to listening to loud music when i was younger).
i know it is super tough but that's my back up plan if my future career plan doesn't work out.
but i don't want to hurt her, especially not since this is my 3rd or 4th close call with her, but i don't want to date her, even though she, according to everyone who knows me and her, is really, really in love, like not just up for sex, or crushing, but a year long thing.
coke party takes a couple minutes to get going
(i am not trying to destroy my ears, i think the speakers bass vibrate the wall, across the living room, to my roommates room, something weird about resonance and paper thin walls and a finicky roommate about noise?) &#x200b; edit 2: i talked to the roommate in question, and got on good terms with him.
every person in high-end singapore casino either carrying out or target of assassination
i approached the correct place this time.
aita for not speaking up when my girlfriend lied about being called n-word after an accident?
nyc officials assure public most puddles of bodily fluid on streets not contaminated with ebola
woman's head feared lost forever inside infinity scarf
mom getting pretty into new tyler, the creator album
the only black spot in our relationship is her sister, my sister in law (40f).
aita for telling someone i am going to scream into their face if they dont stop speaking?
she should have kept her legs closed if she didn't want to be pregnant in the first place.
they are driven, not addicted to drugs, aren't criminals, stable, and are loving parents.
he kept trying to talk to me, and i just kept telling him it made me feel bad, but he never took it back.
the rottie closed the 20 yards before i could drag my dogs 10 feet.
crestfallen 'unite the right' organizer eats swastika cake alone after no one shows up to his rally
the thing was hurting us more than anything, and stopping my dad from getting a more well-paying job that could actually get us more money, which i think is the whole reason we had it to begin with.
i wear these shoes everyday to work and also when exercising.
rent is about 1/3 of my wage, and i pay for it all - she works casually and makes probably 1/4 what i make.
i wanted to open up to her and maybe talk about that side of myself and now ive upset her, possibly traumatizing her and ruining our relationship all because i cant perform sexually and needed to tell her why.
wibta if i saw a blind homeless man and pretend to almost kick him to see if he’s actually blind?
he is just banking on me despite what i told him about my schedule.
stephen miller enraged after discovering cantaloupe he's fucking from mexico
study finds 12,000 americans die annually in what are made to look like car accidents
but i feel it needs to be known that he really isn’t a good coach, as he lets the team collapse and never gets fired up like his 6th grade coach or any other coach tl;dr- my little brother’s basketball team lost another game they should have won, and i said that the coach isn’t good.
miss america called before u.n. council for not promoting enough world peace
i take the bus to visit my boyfriend on the weekends and it’s usually about a 3 hour ride.
hollywood analysts still not sure how 'saving silverman' broke box office records last weekend
one was very close to the facilities and there were some spots along the side of the road next to that parking lot, the the other was at the top of a steep hill and quite the walk.
news website refers to users' ceaseless exchange of racial slurs as 'discussion'
wolf blitzer walks into middle of olive garden commercial to announce breaking election results
edit 2: i don’t believe the walls are too thin since the family before had kids as well and there was no noise.
i started worrying she was talking about me behind my back, and that she hated me, so i would ask her about it alot, i can't help it, my anxiety makes me worry about it alot, she shoulda just sucked it up and reassured me.
but at least they turned up.
i felt like she deserved it because of how she acted...
i posted yesterday that we go through each other's phones.
i just don't think it's worth it to go out and pay restaurant food prices when we can stay home for home food prices and have food that's just as excellent.
report: friend has been going by middle name this whole fucking time
soon enough, we’d planned our week ahead and eventually got onto other personal topics because we don’t really call very often.
i try to sleep until its time for us to leave, hoping that would help, but when i wake up, i feel just as bad.
&#x200b; i was almost in tears listening to the recording the first time i listened to it earlier today.
basically his story was about a society of women giving reproductive rights to men they believed had desirable traits.
since then, every monday night at midnight i’ve made it a point to go mow my yard.
this is a throwaway account because i don‘t want it on my main.
i guess they'll communicate with you, so tell them to actually talk to me instead of complaining about it to you in private.
aita for very rarely/almost never wanting to go to restaurants because my girlfriend makes food that's just as good, if not better, than restaurant food?
bag of potatoes desperately searching for dirt
aita if i make my ex who cheated on me cheat on her current bf?
i got really angry because this was not her first time and told her that you'll never be able to manage the money i earn with this attitude of selfishness towards my other family.
am i the asshole because i think the laws and request are more about granting people the ability to stick their fingers in the eye of everyone else around them?
am i the asshole for wanting a "financial abortion", that is, no contact, no child support, no custody, and is it morally and legally okay???
shrimp boat captain worn out from long day of putting human face on crisis
that's what cats are like to me, and this cat is just everywhere when i am hanging out at my girlfriend's apartment.
you told me that i shouldn't have looked at yours and 'my friend' dm's which in reality, i told you quite specifically not to look at t and my dm's but you did so i doubt it was even an issue.
we didn't have sex, but we shared a bed, sleeping together, holding hands and i did get to touch her breasts.
i was thrilled because i had been eyeing him for a while (we had very briefly encountered each other a few times before through mutual friends), and i expressed my excitement to my friend.
i really was surprised because it wasn't a ton.
he just shrugged and said he was cool with it, she was still pissed though and told her also white friends, who called me a racist.
i don't understand why then there would be reason for them to suspect theres bad blood because i haven't texted in 3 months.
didn't expect her to do anything with it but before i know it she is studying for lsats and applying to schools and just really throwing herself at this.
he does have life stuff going on, but his explanation was “i could be more productive”.
5-year-old figures he has a year left of peeing at urinals with his pants all the way down
&#x200b; after spending a few minutes behind the house moving stuff to get the wheelbarrow out my papa hears a bloodcurdling scream from my mom and he hauls his 5'6 ass around the side of the house.
my son then went into the ball pool and i had to go make sure he wasn’t up to mischief, thinking the ladies might continue looking for the little girls mum, as i’m quite obviously heavily pregnant and running round after my own toddler.
i’ve also never heard noise from other neighbours.
there are basically two reasons i'm not enjoying it like i should be, both of which make me think that i'm an asshole.
anonymous source: 'i'm a cowardly snitch'
rumsfeld only one who can change toner in white house printer
i'm a 1st year music teacher.
i feel like he has a couple of points but mostly i feel like he’s overreacting extremely.
but he says no because "its the only thing i'm going to eat all day." which is false because he snacks all day.
**customer** then don't ask my if i want a refund, tell me that's what you're doing, don't act like i have a choice if i don't.
aita and was it bad for me to assume that sabrina would not care if i talked to jerry about it?
i didn’t really say much i just put my clothes on and left.
we have two kids (5 and 7) who are great, but very messy.
the time in june was a party bf's brother was throwing and abf got so drunk before bf ever got there, that abf didn't recognize bf.
i told her i was not happy being led to believe that 1) she was going for a light drinking bout and 2) she said she's never going to have the aforementioned hard drink since the last incident.
aita for trying to seduce my teacher?
of course i'd support her but am i an asshole for feeling like i don't owe her anything?
she would always insist she was too busy to hang out, yet would also tell me about what she had been doing with friends over the weekend.
family has extremely lax standards for who gets to be called aunt
i've been struggling with depression a lot, i think as a result of her leaving me back in december and my medication no longer working for me.
indian-american couple's accent makes fight adorable
(this isn't the point of this post please don't focus or make your decision based off this).
gchat status disastrously left on visible during peak andrea hours
man who likes to be jostled moving to city
max said his girlfriend couldn't come anyway, plus he didn't want couples to be "canoodling on holiday." this despite the fact that two members of our friend group were dating and definitely canoodled at one point or another.
aita for snooping on my fiancé's phone even though snooping allowed me to find out what he's really been up to and not be such a b-tch to him?
the road i was driving on had a dashed yellow line which indicates that if it is safe you are allowed to drive in the oncoming lane to pass vehicles going slowly.
* my money has gone towards giving them relatively expensive gifts (usually like $80) over they years - usually more expensive than those they've given me.
donut shop gets weird after 11 a.m.
gop voters: 'can we see what it looks like with huntsman and perry again?'
paul ryan quietly doing seated ab exercises throughout state of the union
there were only three people, one of them being kaylee, and the other two were very understanding and wished me the best of luck in my relationship with anna.
if he came to me in the future when he got older, i would probably let him get to know me, but i wouldn't try to act like his dad.
but i'm trying to learn and i'd rather quietly rant on the internet than act like a jerkwad in real life.
normally, we all work separate cases but because of how much work there is this time the other joint owners have decided that me and john would work together on the case and split the money.
do you have any advice on how to do it?
so me and this girl "kris", met at summer camp many years ago.
uninsured man hopes his symptoms diagnosed this week on house
teacher just hopes they never google him
sorry if there is any grammar issue, english is my second language.
i am a undergraduate planning to attend uni in the spring.
"thank you for holding, this is theodore in home theatre." i'd take orders, make recommendations, let people know what was in stock, what the prices were, curse at customers, hypothesize inappropriate things, make rude noises, be a complete space cadet and frustrate the customer, basically anything i could do to have a nice time.
he was one of the first guys in our group to have his own place, needless to we hung out there a lot.
i know the last part seems harsh, but he was way out of line talking to me.
which is a weak argument, imo.
playground treated to hot pug-on-pug action
biden frantically hitting up cabinet members for clean piss
“oh, the dog pissed it and bed bugs and we threw it out”.
so me and my friend (we have known each other for 5 years and are really close) used to go clubbing a lot together and most of the time i was just there to have a good dance and a couple of drinks.
experts advise against throwing laptop across office even though it will feel incredible
a few weeks later, it came up in conversation and i admitted to my ex how it was upsetting to find out through his snapchat story that he was in an accident.
study: those who go to college earn more degrees over lifetime than those who do not
this extends to food on the counter, knives on the counter, cups left in the bathroom, etc.
prom date arrives in freshly washed pickup
supreme court mistakenly used belgium's constitution for last 3 rulings
a was absolutely adamant that it was inappropriate for me to go.
i also should point out that i am 7 months pregnant myself!
i point out dictionary definition of racism includes prejudice, saying it'd actually be racist to say that only a certain color could be racist.
my business is finally taking off, allowing me to do it.
i stick to my offer that i made her previously and start the day off by taking all responsibility around the house and caring for our child while she sleeps, i also make her breakfast.
berserk hairdresser cuts bangs without permission
'paw patrol' writers defend episode where german shepherd cop shoots unarmed black lab 17 times in back
i'm cool with more mundane stuff but [his friend] and [his girlfriend] want more bombastic stuff.
last french fry told to 'get your ass over here'
i planned to give it back but never offered and was eventually asked (begged) by slim to do it because it was her bday.
to me it seems like a huge overreaction.
is it fair for them to ask for this from me?
u.s. council of coolness releases formal statement on prince
well during that time the cops got called since it's new year's with a car in the ditch someone nearby was gonna call.
so, my girlfriend is 19, i'm 22.
god regrets never creating any two-headed snake creatures
sorry if this is dumb or confusing but i’m really messed up over this today.
mom scanning menu finds 'pan-seared diver scallops' faster than speed of light
new polls increase fears that midterm elections will be won by wave of politicians
i live with housemates that will be interning at amazon, google, capital one, and goldman sachs and we often talk about the hiring process and the technical interviews.
there is a guy im very interested in but i can't contact him because i dont have the paid version.
idiotic tree keeps trying to plant seeds on sidewalk
also, his boyfriend is just a mess.
she has been going out to clubs and bars, being completely drunk all the time.
&#x200b; the second was quite ridiculous when i look back on it.
study: only 4 scenic routes left in country
i believe i went to a better university than him though but its debatable.
and i feel like i literally stabbed them all in the chest.
so i did and had a great time.
i'm happy with this mode of living.
( the relationship never got past the kissing stage) , i thing in my head "what the fuck" and i see red, i grab her by the shoulders and pull here away from the crowd and put her in an awkward but really firm bear hug, and i tell her to fuck off and never speak of that again in a super aggressive tone.
chris columbus admits there are hours of 'home alone 2' outtakes featuring trump saying racial slurs
so i go back in the front room and confront him and he says it’s not important and that i need to go to bed and i’m the most annoying bitch he’s ever met.
so i started talking to her, we got closer.
assisted living center widower has eye on cute, hunched-forward little number
one employee on my team showed up in the office at about 9:50 this past monday.
from what i remember she shaved her head at some point, though i'm not sure how long after this she did it.
his argument was simply that i shouldn't be trying to force him to do something that he knows he won't like.
man wondering when 'ocean's 8' trailer going to show film's protagonist
&#x200b; i am very curious to hear what you guys think and thank you in advance for your answers.
also the parents are constantly walking around with their shoes on and its pretty loud.
fingernail got fucking huge out of nowhere
weird coworker apparently likes walking two miles to work every day
unemployed sibling makes last push for group mother's day gift
i bent down and gave her a kiss but didn’t imply anything about meeting her again or continuing correspondence.
breaking: fuck, fuck, fuck, this got out of hand
my class consisted of 20 people, 5 guys and 15 girls.
my so however is nice to everyone and makes friends with everyone and also with this person.
week 6 of the joke rolls around and my friend is back at my house for the first time since the thumb jamming incident.
struggling single mother seriously considering putting baby up for audition
'you deserve better than the person you're dating,' reports little voice in back of mind
rat fancy magazine fails to catch on
romney privately wondering how in the name of fuck he's going to appeal to asian voters
but the more i think about it the less i think my actions were so terrible given the context.
for years it's been a struggle for her until she figured it out and it's a topic that comes up a few times a week.
i walked past a hookah bar that had tables in front, and a table of people had a big hookah going next to it on the sidewalk.
bryan singer celebrates 'bohemian rhapsody' oscar nominations by popping open special bottle of rohypnol
child pleads case for why family rabbit should be named aunt susan
(i don’t know; as you can probably tell i have 0 medical training and am just speaking based on my own amateur research).
white house declares war on dsl provider
suggesting his absolute, almost paranoid, need to avoid possible accidents.
basically there is a huge boundary of respect which i was emboldened to cross under the veil of anonymity **and** there is a possibility that i unjustly accused him of something he didn't even do.
i also really don't want to lose her as a friend, since i don't really have very many, and i try my best to stay close the ones i have.
cash-strapped oscars to give out emmys
cheap box stuffing instead of homemade too.
we didn’t know what had happened to it.
burundi asks neighbor to keep it down
longtime heckler just kind of fell into heckling
ex-girlfriend flashback leaves man paralyzed in produce aisle
my wife and i take very good care of our vehicles, so we might get two, maybe three cars in our lifetime.
in contrast, the relationship i have with my mum is fantastic and we rarely disagree on anything.
man exhausted after having to explain halloween costume for umpteenth time
'you did great!' terrified personal assistant tells clint eastwood
tl;dr same this but i tried to rip the controller out of his hands.
moviegoer manages to sneak candy past teenage usher earning $7 an hour
so, reddit: am i the asshole?
i'll practice something, try to make sure i have it right or really close...and then when i ask her about it or try to say something to her, all my effort is thrown out on account of a minor mistake or mispronunciation here or there....which is kinda the point, since i'm trying to learn...
doctor makes half-hearted alternative suggestions before handing over drugs
shes angry now because i lied but i think its pretty much just a harmless prank, maybe a little overboard with how long it was but harmless.
he gave me a benadryl and sent me out.
only adult left in trump administration named 'mad dog'
they have been married for two years and have decided to expand their family by having a child.
aita for "harassing" this poor girl?
aita for playing a gross, but harmless prank on a kid ok, this happened a few months ago, but my wife still brings it up as an example of how much of an asshole i am.
aita for sending a confrontational email to my father-in-law for encouraging his daughters to interact with their brother after he(the brother) had sexually abused them?
he also called my child a whore to my face.
aita for misleading my friends when they ask me to proofread things?
he was in 7-9th grade(no one can remember exactly when apparently), and she was in 3rd-5th grade.
we can still be friends but im not going to this dance friend: they'll be food.
unpopular high-schoolers downplay significance of prom
she said it would violate her rights to privacy and she wouldn't be able to sleep.
mitt romney graciously accepts thing he has paid millions of dollars for
all i want is half the dishes and her mom to butt out.
pa: i was craving panera too!
but since i’d only be buying it for the wedding, i think it’s a waste of money.
report: hey, stephen tobolowsky is in this!
ex-wife, divorce lawyer killed as model train careens off tracks
lately we’ve all been drifting apart slowly and not posting as much as we used to, this is mostly because we now all go to different schools.
they have been practicing and have gotten close to getting their license, but i have the been the driver our entire relationship.
travel mug regales other mugs with stories from road
so imagine my shock and disappointment when he opens the gift and his only reaction is "meh" and he tosses the gift aside like its nothing.
company encourages women who have been sexually harassed to come forward with resignation letter
thanks to everyone for the input.
i really disagree with wasting food but she says "it's her food to waste".
she said that when she was with a girl, she was outcasted by the straight community and now she's in a hetero relationship, she's not fully accepted in the lgbt community.
despite what they say about her when she and brother are not around, mom and sis have never shown any hint of this hostility the few times when she has been.
he texted back "not making any promises.
so now i don't talk to him anymore, but i'm still wondering did i overreact and aita for my reaction?
about 2 years ago i stopped all communication with my ex best friend - a guy i was friends with for 10+ years.
man regrets wasting money on college after failing to secure perfect dream life by 24
she then asked about forgiving some of it because her husband helped me out.
thus my question: is it okay that i call people monkeys when they do or say something stupid?
so aside from some behavioral adjustments like i listed above, i didn’t really know what else to do.
we cleaned more frequently, played with the cat more, got him a massive cat tree, took him to my mom's as a getaway every 2 weeks, and just generally spoiled him imo.
nation's economists quietly evacuating their families
i've tried talking to her, but she's ignoring me.
he is no longer comfortable with the arrangement.
he listed off some opposition, “i just don’t want to, it’d cost money (it’s not that expensive), etc.
jason momoa reveals he spent months becoming useless dumbass to get into character for 'aquaman'
inspired film executive has great idea for budget of film
since the show was canceled, my friends and i decided to cancel our trip.
his education and first vehicles were paid for by us and we also gave him seed money for his small business that he has since repaid.
we have a child in our class who has autism and is prone to emotional outbursts.
u shud obujj teh luww him, confused: ..what..
anyway, yesterday he got really upset and told us he hated the memes, and is thinking of blocking all of us and never speaking to us again.
4-year-old reportedly loved trip to italy
wibta to encourage people to report people who frequently make “dark jokes” to the authorities?
surgeon general recommends exercising once every several months during flash of panic about health
stateside his mother lived with me because she doesn’t work and her family lives far away so it’s the only way i get to see my son every day.
we are done with toxic players in the game; we are friendly.
am i genuinely in the wrong here or did i just handle it poorly?
my mom reminded me we had the cinnamon raisin bread i love, and suggested eating some cinnamon raisin toast and give her the last piece; i agreed because i was tired of fighting and the toast is legitimately delicious.
as i said i was in college, but my college was far from home (far enough that i couldn't feasible get the dog back to my hometown).
yes she was nice, no she didn't cause any problems, but talking to her felt so boring compared to when i'd talked to the new girl.
nba ref petrified after seeing depiction of own death while looking under replay hood
i knew it was nintendo switch and game.
woman launches into 4-minute self-deprecating preamble before speaking mind
when i arrived, i was panicking and went to the room where everyone was.
however, it got worse and worse over time.
after some talking she also reveals the guy is from denmark (and came to the uk for some sort of conference) and it's basically a long distance relationship.
aita for telling a kid to shut up on a plane.
we were alone for roughly 20 minutes while my roommate was out at the store.
another thing i should mention is we had two parking lots at the camp.
new 'game of thrones' trailer reveals final season will be cobbled together from old footage
kanye west named new face of yeezy
for the sake of length, i’ll refrain from telling the other litany of stories i have.
i was laid off a few months ago and have been looking for work.
i could tell she was pissed off because we all (especially me) bailed on clubbing.
as our two year anniversary approaches, the topic of us moving in together has come up.
however he is very touchy and opens my glove box, revealing my glock 19 as well as my knife, and documents which spill on the floor.
she said that she wasn't and that i invaded her privacy again.
area child disappointed to learn parents' love unconditional
they have to go though the management chain before they reach our store so higher up managers are also aware of the situation.
i also will be paying rent for my apartment at disney.
i really feel like we should have this talk.
i game online often, it's one of the hobbies i'm most passionate about.
brave woman enters restaurant without first looking it up online
budget woes force heaven to reduce eternal life to 500 billion years
so, i just said "at least i have a good enough memory to remember my best friend's girlfriend." i said this because my roommate told me that he had a boy and a girl best friend in high school who were dating, and during a party he kissed the girl, and ever since the three of them haven't been friends.
the thinkable happens to local man
but still, a break check at over 90mph while being tailgated.
supposed adult pays man to sit in room and listen to him talk about his feelings
gm announces money saved from layoffs to fund massive investment in lake homes, private jets
wibta if i got my friend's ex arrested so, my friend, lets call her kc had a bf, we can call him kenny or whatever.
aita for going out with a girl in a relationship?
with that being said i've been talking with my counselor and have worked out a solution that works and still allows me to graduate in 4 years.
2014 olympics to be held in 19th century
patagonia introduces new high-performance jacket specially designed to protect wearer on walk between front door and car
turns out we got freezing rain the next day and now walking on the sidewalk is a hazard everywhere .
nelson mandela becomes first politician to be missed
gorgonzola steak at olive garden - i was 15 and stupid and i got this knowing i love cheese and beef.
area man excited to hear girlfriend has been doing a lot of thinking
boy's whale-song imitation not helping anything
correct theory discarded in favor of more exciting theory
clinton staff readies emp launch to disable all nation's electronic devices
because of this, we often had class parties where everyone hung out and talked/drank/etc...
i believe my gf should had told her friend that it's not ok to call another man that and i don't think her friend had a right to joke like that.
the way i was able to confidently stand up for myself when challenged by others and not get pushed around seemed to attract her.
sorry if this is an usual post.
so am i the asshole or is the cops who went after me the asshole?
after his persistence kept up to taking me in a fight (he’s a member of the national guard, he thinks he’s real tough because of it) he even agreed to let me throw kicks knowing what could possibly happen.
clooney scouting locations for darfur-based romantic comedy
(story has a happy ending, not sure if that matters to form your opinion.) sigh.
now, my dog is a very behaved pupper.
tom izzo calls 2019 spartans best team he's ever threatened with violence
tl;dr - i like my car with no food smells.
i didn't take my klonopin that night because i assumed i'd be okay.
a friend of hers sent me a text saying she had broken down and cried when she saw i wasn't there and wanted me to come over.
so basically there was no point in me going back when it wouldn’t help.
she tells me the fact i texted an old flame in front of her hurt her feelings and she's leaving for good.
i support gay pride but find it hurtful that my girlfriend wants to access such communities.
dude with knit hat at party calls beer 'libations'
in my experience, when someone is into you, they show all of the signs that she showed me.
basically, i was doing an exchange program at a college in japan.
trump holds strategy meeting with campaign's top militia leaders ahead of election day
report: 40,000 people died on ferris wheels this summer
however, he also slandered me and broke his promise.
i accidentally called her disgusting for it and i said that it's dangerous and i was just going all out with it.
this sucks because i am on minimum wage and don’t qualify for student financial assistance because of my parents’ income, even though i get no pocket money and have to pay for everything myself.
they alluded to having sex on it.
my ex cheated on me multiple times and stole money from me, but i didn't know if i could have a better relationship if i ended it.
he has not found anyone else, but i don't think he's tried very hard.
i can't help but thinking it'd be so much easier if he'd consider an open relationship more seriously.
ryan zinke calls for legislation to slow down destruction of wildlife so he can truly savor every minute of it
netflix adds thousands of mediocre new subscribers
the only reason she hasn't left him yet is because that he is seriously obsessive and has anger issues.
newlywed britney spears hangs bloody sheet in window for reporters
that sounds kind of sick though.
our wedding is set for 11 months from now.
as well, while i'm fairly certain even with making half as much i'd still be able to cover my share of rent but i just wanted to be secure.
again, i have no medical or scientific training and i would be happy to accept that my thinking is way off base).
my husband has largely cut ties with his ex-wife but is obviously still responsible for his sons.
aita for making too much noise and “instigating the reaction”?
what do you think, reddit, aita?
and if his friend is lying i can commit to him 100%
say it's heavy traffic and the lane i'm in is ending.
a couple weeks later during our poetry unit, sally wrote a poem called “at least you didn’t have cancer” (or something like that,) and it was on how the word “survivor should be reserved for people who don’t have to live with the consequences of a single accident for the rest of their lives”.
i know,, i was, quit spoiled.
dog chastised for acting like dog
i began juuling the summer before my freshman year.
paranormal expert bores son with ghost story
i feel like a machiavellian asshole who got the two of them broken up for my own selfish reasons, and while under normal circumstances i would have pursued her but i feel like if i did that in the future it would just be proving to myself how much of an asshole i am.
he always acts really grateful, and i'm happy to do it because i enjoy making food...
because i have pictures on there and i look extremely feminine (like body shape, lolita dresses, make up, the whole shebang) i often get pictures from guys that want some booty calls.
she became hysterical but worse she became emotionally unstable.
-note: i was already angry because of other problems, that's why i was so susceptible and they knew.
busy woman keeps best-dressed oscar slideshow tab open to be savored as sumptuous feast at her leisure
aita because i wasn’t comfortable letting my girlfriend go to a concert alone with a guy friend she met 4 months ago?
aita for expecting family who comes to visit our 3 month old to help us around the house as well this is more of are we the assholes as my wife and i are on the same page here.
during our relationship when we got mad at each other she would breakup with me and start dating another guy, and then that would make me jealous and when we got back she would say it was just to make me jealous.
hamburglar urges senate subcommittee to 'robble robble robble'
i feel like we have no personal connection.
from my perspective, i never threatened to 'ban' anybody.
half-empty bottle of malibu found in woods behind school
our entire office has been mourning.
study finds americans lead world in ability to justify unnecessary purchases
i don't enjoy blowjobs nearly as much as she does.
facebook user verifies truth of article by carefully checking it against own preconceived opinions
jennifer aniston engaged to guy who frankly will never replace brad
26-year-old feeling self-conscious after seeing all his friends fail slightly less than him
scientists discover mollusks are next evolutionary stage for humans
skittles unveils new liqui-gels for fast-acting fruity flavor
study finds chickens would have no qualms about caging, eating humans
bush increasingly focused on how revisionist history will see him
mar-a-lago caddy injures shoulder carrying heavy set of classified national security briefings around golf course
then she asks me if i’m busy over the weekend and i’m like wtf, i already said i was on suicide watch.
north american children begin summer migration to dad's
so this happened between me and a female friend, i am 18(m), she is 17(f).
consider this your warning." then he responded very rudely, "you know why people think you are stepping over?
ultimately, it seems he doesn’t care about his friends enough to even give them a legitimate explanation.
aspiring felon moved by man who didn't get first 8 convictions until his 60s
so yesterday after school she said "alex can you grab my notebook it on top of my old laptop" (we were in her room) so i do just that but my hand must of tugged the laptop and it dropped she screamed at me then check the laptop and there was a small blue area on the top left on the screen.
department of defense unveils $83 million thing that shoots
rerun of $25,000 pyramid adjusted for inflation
&#x200b; arthur, jeff and onyx if you ever get to read this im so sorry how i reacted to the situation and ecspecially you onyx &#x200b; jack if you get to read this: i could've handeld this better and not went full ragemode.
again she claims that nothing actually happened and from what i read of their text messages it's at least plausible that she didn't.
i was at a table with some friends, and he was a couple tables over.
jealous paul ryan asks legislator with 37% approval rating what his secret is
coworker wondering if anyone interested in laying bare their physical shortcomings in basketball league this year
man on verge of self-realization instead turns to god
buzzfeed ceo gives laid-off staffers parting gif
awards given out randomly to skinny blonde women
hr director reminds employees that any crying done at office must be work-related
defiant manafort enters trial wearing coat made of live puffins
later that day, i messaged d and said that if he was mad at me for some reason that i was sorry and he just denied that i was.
in class today, we were discussing cultural differences - and what we might consider “moral” or “immoral” and how a lot of it is based off of cultural context and understanding.
we had an argument and like every argument we’ve ever had in the entirety of our relationship it’s me trying to talk to him and then him turning into this person i don’t know.
i have never invited friends over thus with the privacy granted my obvious agenda was to have a sleepover.
75% of party trolley defaulting on student loans
she has stated to me she sees me as her older sister, which is why i feel like i need to watch out for her.
sheryl crow unsuccessful; war on iraq begins
switzerland passes u.n. inspection after erecting fire escape on matterhorn
it was to-the-point and i wasn’t trying to justify myself or anything, just say sorry.
joe walsh executed to keep 'eagles greatest hits' sales ahead of 'thriller'
kotex introduces new confetti popper tampons for ringing in the new year
last living california raisin dies of prostate cancer
he seems angry and frustrated over what is, yes, the main form of communication between our friend group but also just a huge shitpost.
screaming japanese schoolgirls overturn greenspan's bus
new study finds best sunscreen is layer of human blood
the next day, i open the basement fridge and see the spaghetti is missing.
i’m not asking for judgement about her reasons for ending it, it’s more about the holiday i built up just for her, i feel like she was really unappreciative of what i did for her, i just want an outside opinion on the situation.
about 20 minutes later, i needed to take a piece of paperwork to another co-worker (k) and with a bit of an attitude said i should make k come to me (i was still going to take k his paperwork, i was just irritable).
gay comptroller tired of being referred to as 'that gay comptroller'
they came in and questioned me, i told him what went down, and they told me if the guy comes back, i can call them up and they'll take him away.
not to me, or to anyone in general...
i managed to get the mower back to my property but he caught me in the act.
pretentious peasant insists he never watches beheadings
sudden death of aunt creates rupture in family gossip pipeline
they offered me $3 less than i asked for, but to hire me on the spot.
i said i just wasn't sure to think about someone having a sword in their apartment.
weve had a minor disagreement as to what constitutes as recyclable( i vote clean boxes, cans, water bottles, and glass.
i understand that you can’t show up in just anything and you have to look nice, but i don’t understand why it’s so important for her that i wear a suit.
man strains to find personalities in pet fish
at that point all the rage that i had bottled up from getting relentlessly bullied by him gave way.
d comes up to me and says “you think this is funny?” why lie?
the rest of the gang insisted i say what i was holding in, and so i said simply “sympathy promotion”.
about six years ago, when i was 18, i met this guy i found to be amazing.
i have the kids 7 nights a week and she constantly wants to try to make me feel like i’m the bad guy when i’m not the one who asked for divorce in the first place.
was i being the asshole and should i apologize?
she talked about how the dorm was “our safe space” and that she was “alarmed” at “unknown male voices”.
report: you live in an embarrassing country
new movie taps into nation's love of rapping kangaroos
we both agreed that if someone who was handicapped came in we would move seats.
a couple days ago my ex and i got into a minor disagreement while dropping off the kid.
that way the whole process is a donation rather than hospitals being able to make money off of the kindness of others which i think is unethical and immoral.
to start off me the story i was seeing a wonderful woman x, we dated for a few years long distance.
so i been working out eating way less trying to lose weight and my brother over here is eating more than ever not working out does nothing but play fortnite all day.
viewers impressed by how male trump looked during debate
new healthier menu features food wendy's customers bring from home
easy wife gives it up on first date night
so we're sitting down eating dinner in front of the tv when the other dog jumps up on the couch next to me.
i don't have feelings for anyone or anything, i wouldn't necessarily say that it's just you." we still called every night, but the conversations were suddenly different.
been with my girlfriend around 2 years and have lived together like a month.
we are all in our 30s except one single guy.
the thing is that he probably thought the break up was mutual because he kind of hinted that he would stay with me if i asked, but i acted like i was fine and sort of encouraged the break up because i knew he wasn't really into it anymore.
i told her to bring my nephew to the nursery i am a deputy manager at.
we were never joke together so we just stopped talking.
i would wait until mike went to work one day and break into his shed and get my mower back.
the strange thing about it was that there was no holes or anyway that the rabbit could of got out of its fenced in area and when this rabbit has escaped in the past it has always stayed in our yard.
even if we had plans to do things, she just cancels them.
he is a bright kid and would like to pursue a career in programming.
time traveler from 2008 freaked out by guy wearing google glass while smoking e-cigarette
aita for not wanting to give my birthday present back?
whether that be talking to him or dragging him out of the house to have a meal or go to an event occasionally.
superhero never around when mild-mannered journalist david brooks is
audience left wondering what happened after action film pans from character to shot of blood spattering against wall
today, she finally texted me back over 24 hours later.
it is work though and and i feel like i should get at least some compensation for all that i sacrifice.
tl:dr: bf told me i am 8/10 after some prompting from me, it hurt my feelings, i stewed on it and brought it up again to tell him how i feel, he confirmed i am 8/10 to him and now i am hurt and distant but honest with him about why i'm being this way.
so i put the engagement ring in the box and wear instead my family rings with bigger stones.
jane found out, forgave him again.
a great idea under normal circumstances but unfortunately that day i had drivers training of which i had to walk to and i couldn't stay for long seeing as we already get out later than i would really prefer.
but that's not what got to me.
so to conclude, women have little reason to complain about men who don't put the toilet seat down, as they still have to perform fewer tsas than the man.
here is the text exchange: &#x200b; me: hi m, please drive up and down our driveway more slowly.
senior citizen shaken by diminished bawdy-limerick recall
'i make my own hours,' says man about to get fired
i said no, i cleaned up my mess, and she got angry saying it wasn't really cleaned and it might wreck her paint.
elizabeth warren disappointed after dna test shows zero trace of presidential material
one of my favorite movies is the book of life, and i love sharing it with people (in general i love trying to share stuff that i love enjoyed with my friends and family.
the car is electric and cost to power it is very cheap.
fast forward to last week and i let my friend know who basically consoled me when this girl rejected me 2 years ago that i was kinda seeing her now and she's like she doesn't like you she only is seeing now that you're doing well and is a gold digger.
i don’t know what to do.
if the new dog is a piece of shit then i will probably grow to hate it, as i love my current dog too much.
there's no meaningful public transportation, no uber or lyft, and what few cabs there are charge a fortune to take you anywhere.
report: stagnant economy forcing more americans to take jobs as infrastructure
you aren’t even her mother to be ‘trying out methods’.
still, my condition does not stop me from attempting to get into situations where sensory overstimulation may occur (such as a party/club), after all, i cant just crawl into my shell all day long everyday.
house inappropriations committee suggests nation's women dress a little sexier
i needed to get my filling done.
he's acting like i was super out of line to put my hand over is his mouth and what he did was justified.
regardless of whether or a not a video game it’s an activity for fun and if someone wants to ruin everyone else’s fun because they’re not having fun then i think they’re an asshole.
world wrestling federation, world wildlife fund reach acronym sharing agreement
islamic awakening inspires man to defect from isis
tim kaine's children: tim kaine could be vice president of lameness, maybe
tl;dr: had a girlfriend, made plans for homecoming, week leading up to homecoming realized i wasn't happy, conflicted on how to break up, did it in person before her homecoming rather than a week earlier over the phone.
i have always been against sexual violence, and i have never done something like that and never will.
merrick garland kind of uncomfortable with political analysts casually pointing out he'll die relatively soon after nomination
u.s. funneling arms to dissident angel group in effort to topple god
first baby of 2010 finally born
i also got his number because i really want to make it up to him because he returned my wallet which had $400 cash (i never carry this much cash but i loaned some money to a co-worker and she paid me back in cash that day and i didn't go to the bank yet) with everything inside including my cards and i kicked his balls for no reason.
dinner party conducting full-scale investigation to determine if tip was included
so my fiancée, k, and her best friend (female), m, and i were all hanging out at k's house last night (we don't live together), doing wedding planning things.
just tell me if i'm being a dick.)
i ended up asking her to not sleep with anyone i was close with, like my roommate or kyle, especially since kyle is moving in with us later this month.
that's when the bad shit happened.
he's giving me shit and calling me childish the entire time.
again she didn't care too much.
she usually only does trash and even neglects that sometimes.
she texts the whole family again earlier this week, and i will just include the good parts: mom, “so the family we helped out last year is asking for help again...
&#x200b; i just really can't believe what i'm hearing, and let the conversation dwindle eventually just hanging up without saying goodbye.
he's not religious but she claimed we weren't serious so he wouldn't be jealous of us working together about once every second week.
special pull-out section: rural illinois' sexist moms
air india now offers business caste seating
he also ruined his gpa for the year because he would just play warframe.
i don't know if the depression led to her drinking, or drinking caused the depression or what.
i ended the class with a low b overall, with an 87% on the project, and i never heard back from the professor on it, nor any of the group members.
i turn around to grab some water, and she's helping herself to another piece (for her guests, she can't have any because she's lactose intolerant, so it's not like i was purposely not giving her any), wrecking the entire goddamn thing in the process.
mueller: 'well, we got the liar. probe's over'
man can't wait to find out if millennium falcon gets out of that tunnel
3-week-old jack-o'-lantern excited to give one last scare when slightest touch causes it to collapse into disgusting mush
basically because of her upbringing and her background she thinks that sex is super scary and that she will get pregnant immediately if i never wear a condom.
why would she go to a lingerie party when she has a boyfriend?
this is a huge point of contention between me and my partner.
obama sarcastically asks how israel afforded such a great missile defense system
so i dated my ex for around two years (26m/24f).
during the drive home she says “hey u/loaf_boy i have to tell you something about mark”.
date rapist tossing his mortarboard into air 3 rows in front of you
i had no proof of anything other than my intuition but i still took it out on him.
i feel like it would be doing both of us a favour.
stripper thinks customer flirting with her
study: obsessive-compulsive disorder obsessive-compulsive disorder obsessive-compulsive disorder
now the thing about brittney is that she had a nice car, and it was her baby.
my so and i are both playing games in our game room with our tvs right next to each other.
chicago police credit their extensive experience falsifying evidence for helping solve smollett case
new dog sick of being compared to old one
then today, a coworker comes to bring me an invoice.
tldr: my fiancee wants me to go home while i'm visiting my mom.
we didn't talk anymore about it, but the rest of the weekend was a little tense between the people on the opposing sides of the conversation.
lottery ticket holder has already spent $900 million in anticipation of winning big prize
flash forward to next day when i apologized and she rejected and her friends started to argue that i should have not said that, so i walked away.
one of my former teammates let’s me know that he’s worried about him.
trump tells iowa dairy farmers he has cows 500 times bigger than theirs
the day of the concert i ask william if he remembered to let sally have his ticket and he said that he did.
on the last complaint i told him there's a level of noise to be expected living in terraced houses and i didn't feel any of the noise being made was unreasonable.
they immediately banned and muted me for that shit.
aita for planning to let my mother raise my baby when i leave home?
rand paul escorted off stage after falling below 2.5% in middle of debate
she's grooming herself at my feet right now.
then they got bed bugs and got rid of a lot of their belongings.
conrad bain steps down as national kitsch-reference laureate
i brought it up a couple times and he said he was still “working on it.” to this day, he hasn’t offered to pay me.
back story/ is my anger towards him justifiable, or should i be more forgiving?
we haven't seen each other in a couple weeks, mostly due to her irregular work schedule, she's a bartender and has been working a lot more than usual recently.
i logged into his account (he has told me his password before) and since my pc is banned, now his account is.
tsarnaev death penalty a warning to any other religious fanatics hoping to be martyred
well along comes this family of four, taking up two of the seats in the row in front of me and the two seats next to me.
i've asked her where she's from, and she told me a major city in india.
the compromise is going on dates once every other week or once every two weeks so he doesn’t go stir-crazy (haha) and i feel bed for messing this one up.
taylor swift unveils even darker persona with new single 'skullfucking maggot shit boyfriend'
queen elizabeth rushed to hospital for royal blood transfusion
i don't like to stiff people who are helping me.
but, these dogs made me miss the great dane.
(i have even checked this with them after this incident) now to the aita bit, this week a lecturer here's me say one of these jokes.
i only use the elevator because i don't want to be sweating by the time i go to class, and i run a few miles every morning so my legs are already pretty tired.
going back to recent events, and the important part of this story, of course everyone know how expensive a wedding can be.
thanks for reading through this if you did, please give me your feedback, what do you think, am i the asshole?
she fed me a handful of times, always choosing to buy me take out from a pricey restaurant, when i would have accepted any meal from anywhere.
**what she saw:** she called me an entitled pos for making the rep look for a non-existent ticket.
specifically, the woman i cheated on.
al franken: 'i'm deeply sorry for my hilarious actions'
we both got a hefty spoon full for our plates and taste it.
we dated once in our mid 20’s and broke up with no contact in between.
and she has always been kind to me...
mtv movie awards snubs director jonas mekas yet again
reddit, am i the asshole for wanting her to cancel the tattoo appointment?
i am catholic, and for some reason, the staff members there just really didn’t like me.
when we get to the spot there is a black suv in the unloading area next to our spot.
i'll ignore all calls and texts for a week and then lie and say my phone was being was repaired.
parents' password cracked on first try
(sorry for bad grammar or improper storytelling i've never been the best at writing)
if them two want to watch tv in the living room, i feel awkward being there.
we often call it our other family.
nation's teen drug problem ended by rapping cartoon spokesbeast
my friends sitting to the left of me thankfully didn’t hear her.
mason-dixon line renamed ihop-waffle house line
he hates it and he has been trying to convince me and show me different avenues to make more money.
this was especially upsetting during the festive season as my family didn’t see her at all during this time.
i don't think that hosting elsewhere would be a good solution.
area woman will see any movie that takes place between 1743 and 1919
47 weak-willed senators bend to interests of powerful american people
she said, "hey, are you going to be home tonight?
put him on a different med which [son] started on friday.” me- “do you want my honest opinion?” friend’s mom- “of course” me- “i did.
in the last few months however, i’ve started to get called a racist for calling people monkeys.
the ra had rejected her request, because parties are not allowed during exam season.
alcoholic parent easy to shop for
i faked a stomach ache and didn’t go to school that day.
now he’s not replying to any messages.
after i confronted the team captain about it, she said that she had trust issues and did not want to be guilted into playing competitively with people who aren't as good as her and would cause her to lose.
after plans were put in place, i started to question if i was happy in the relationship.
now the dude asked me if i want to talk to him outside.
very friendly and did it all to spread the love and make some monies.
grown man refers to map at beginning of novel to find out where ruined castle of arnoth is located
woman who had almost formed healthy sense of self rejoins social media
it’s so impersonal and i want to respect her as my mom.
mugger can't believe crap victim has on mp3 player
our regulars came in tears and i hugged each one and talked to as many as i could.
nation's shark experts: 'you could've had this job'
i always reminded them that it belonged to me.
especially in the case where there are no other cars behind you and they still ask you to pull forward, i politely decline and reference the fact that there are no other cars behind me and that i am comfortable waiting at the window for my purchase.
tract writer cites god, jack chick as influences
i discovered i was good at it.
aita if i give someone something they don’t want for secret santa?
college professor reminds students it will take a few classes to memorize everyone's triggers
john is now pissed at me, saying that he is more angry at the fact that i "went behind his back" than the fact i had taken the board, and that it was something he "could not forgive".
i recently talked to my brother about the whole situation and we’re back to talking, but i have no intention of making amends with emily.
the suv's driver lost control of the vehicle.
she used to smoke weed but hasn't since we've been together.
united states sends laos bill for 80 million undetonated bombs still left in country from vietnam war
making new friends just doesn't feel the same; am i the asshole?
i live in a mid-sized southern city.
she just took it all on her stride, i've still never seen her cry and i lived with her and her dad at the end.
mother trying her best to project same amount of insecurities onto all her daughters
recently it was revealed that the recruitment had changed and now they split applicants into 2 pools.
christina aguilera deeply offended by plate of iceberg lettuce
two of the bedrooms are upstairs with one being connected via a small hallway to the living room downstairs.
i thought that's what we were gonna do and so i asked her about it.
'game of thrones' creators frantically re-shoot finale to make peter dinklage death seem intentional
department of education hires art teacher to spread evenly across all u.s. public schools
prescription put in 2009 new year's eve glasses
there is of course more to the fight and more was said, but typing it all out seemed like a hassle.
we sort of decided as a group to not mention the error and pay the bill with the lucky mistake (€25).
this was a couple years ago (2015).
it turned out that i was the only one with a working car, which was a stick shift, and the only one able to drive manual.
wibta if i pretend to enjoy christmas, then leave after all the gifts are open?
exactly what i asked not to do.
jeff and i mostly talk and support each other at times and i, being good at academics, often help jeff with his classes.
because i'm earning almost 4 times more than her, i willingly handle most of our expenses (around 80-90% of our expenses).
frat nutritionists dare americans to swallow more live goldfish
then, when my kids come over, they tell me that she told my son he couldn’t go because of something that i did.
so, am i the asshole for escalating this feud so badly that i caused a man to get divorced?
to me it was a mooh point and a loose loose situation for me.
she has also been dealing with difficulties with her breathing for years and i have been having the suspicion that she has sleep apnea.
he says he forgives me and is sorry for the hurtful things he said and did and would like to sit down and talk like adults and let it go and be at peace for his mental health.
&#x200b; me: the next message from you can either be an apology, or an in depth explanation on how i'm wrong.
&#x200b; there have been many times over the years where we've met with my parents and absolutely nothing has happened, and at times i thought things were much, much better.
aita for wanting my girlfriend to do a sport / lose weight?
child venture capitalist invests $2.50 in friend's slug-eating enterprise
bright ones scares the shit out of me tho).
we eat together, we walk places together, literally everything.
i called her crying and told her he called me an attention w\*\*\*\* because he basically did and he reminded me of my father, yelling at me.
fast forward to school, i get suspended, i have to talk to a judge and police officer, (got charged with battery).
lucky dead student gets own page in yearbook
she has back him into corners growling and snarling with teeth bared, ears flat, and hair up.
but last week fishfan420 and i were on the phone just catching up, and he tells me he's been trying to get ahold of ttt.
about half way through the game i knew i had lost but i kept playing anyway.
body given false hope with first piece of fruit in 9 days
i feel like a piece of shit for forgetting how shy she was and how she couldn't make friends on her own, and then i, the one who helped her to make new friends in the first place, took off with the rest of her friends and left her to be lonely.
she said it was time to watch a movie, and she sat right next to me.
we became fast friends with a lot of common interests and later on i had no problem letting him borrow stuff like small amounts of money or reading material.
bigot annoyed local mosque already vandalized before he got there
nerf introduces line of real guns
sometimes i read to my girlfriend (she is a willing participant and says she enjoys it).
shop class in rich school district just teaches students how to deal with general contractors
frightened don jr. asks if he can sleep in dad's bed after bad dream about being indicted
&#x200b; i guess my question is am i the asshole for not wanting to get these shots and how should i tell my friend?
i start to grab a bag to pick it up, but i couldn’t see where he had pooped.
it wasn’t even shit, we never talked.
did i expect too much from a friend?
this was no exception...it is known in the school that her dad died last year, and that she is also known for being quite promiscuous.
i was trying to be nice about the reason i didn’t want my daughter there.
customer who declined initial offer of assistance from floor salesman comes crawling back
i know i'd do the same for him.
i called him back and asked him to watch how good i was doing now and was playing around by talking smack to him about how easily i'd win.
christian juggler regrets years wasted as secular juggler
britney spears loses custody of child to in touch magazine
this was both sensible and very kind of her, but complications soon arose.
this isn’t the first time this has happened around here - if he pees near a store entrance i’m told off.
until later that night when i receive a message from another colleague telling me how awful i am for pointing out that a child is worth more than a dog.
they also are doing all the pick-up and drop offs for ex-wife when it’s her weekend to have stepson.
now onto the part i need help analyzing.
video game blacksmith struggling to compete with random chests full of free armor all over kingdom
i said no because it's my money from before we were together and part of it is an inheritance from my mum's death.
wibta if i email the department dean so hopefully my title doesn't suck but whatever.
he loves spacey, he sleeps on my sons bed, and son takes care of him quite well.
i don't think it will be an issue, but i don't know how invested my partner is in the relationship so i can't say for sure.
last week when we overdrew because he didnt deposit his check he said it wasnt a big deal even though we paid 250 in overdraft fees).
i haven't brought it up with her because it's a legal change and i don't want to make her have to go through the entire legal process, i just don't get why she didn't ask me first.
also, she is a very obvious presence and my boyfriend even asked if she wanted food ordered too.
her boyfriend is currently studying abroad, so i really see my window now.
because of this lack of work, she is now struggling financially and often cannot afford to feed herself a healthy and stable diet, since she spends what little money she has on juul pods (and often a new juul, too, because she loses them so frequently), cigarettes and gas for school and work.
mike pompeo startled after seeing 'beware of hubris' scrawled in oil on bathroom mirror
not just that, but we've gotten into near-fistfights on multiple occasions because he's so damn resistant to anything remotely religious.
poll: 80% of americans would get in vehicle with stranger for chance at new life
i just assumed that it might be best not to tell her because she might start to hate herself for getting the surgery or become self conscious about her appearance.
tour guide always builds in 10 minutes for everyone in group to mount cannon like horse
bunch of alarm bells going off for me obviously, mainly because she has not to my knowledge ever been in a serious relationship before, or even had sex, and is generally pretty naive about this sort of thing.
person one season ahead in tv show doling out counsel like wise elder
fred thompson fears presidential run will typecast him as politician
city terrorized but unimpressed by serial killer who just shoots victims
miss nude america loses title after appearing clothed in woman's day
i've been driving through this intersection for 3 years and have never had an issue before.
smooth transaction at dmv exaggerated into story anyway
mccain courts youth vote with lengthy speech on forbearance, morality
area mom disappointed no one noticed mastectomy
&#x200b; now, we live in a duplex apartment.
aita for letting my dogs get into a fight?
my wife got into a car wreck on an icy road when a little old man (82) tagged her in the passenger-side back wheel.
as we are leaving we are chatting still, but she has got uber up on her phone and seems to be in the process of booking a ride.
crowd of voters cheers patronizing rhetoric
completely sober employee still embarrassing self at company party
my aunt was married to a soldier in the army.
employee returns from vacation refreshed, ready to waste time
however, i’m more attracted to curvy girls now, and my girlfriend is skinny.
dad was out at my brothers, and i messaged him saying i was quickly running into town to get the eye checked.
however, l booked a flight to our state over winter break and c planned to hang out with him for 2 days.
neglect of wife, children results in promotion
he said he was keeping them as a back up set for when his current set are no longer usable.
i just can't muster much sympathy for someone who is in despair and feeling like their life is ruined because they can't have a child when there is a child out there in equal despair because they have no parents.
same applies to the other people i message.
also, i want to add that i know he’s a separate person apart from his family.
when the cop got there he took down the information but they never found her.
obama: 'hillary will fight to protect my legacy, even the truly detestable parts'
for example her parents and siblings (with children) can quite often be found at our house and everyone lives on the same street (think “everyone loves raymond”) she also has a medical condition that makes sex very uncomfortable for her which flares up from time to time.
at this point i feel like she manipulated me in some way.
onion social ceo appears before hague tribunal to be tried for crimes against humanity, promote new website features
he works at a hardware store and makes a little over min wage.
we moved into together about a year ago in a small one bedroom studio.
tall young girl told she should play basketball
excitement shifts to concern after coworker brings baked goods into office for fourth consecutive day
my ordinarily sweet and kind girlfriend blew her top and called me an asshole son of a bitch piece of shit etc.
so, my friend has this annoying habbit of posting frown emotes and nothing else, of course prompting people to ask her whats wrong.
she knows how important family is to him.
newlywed couple looks so deeply in debt
i know it’s against the rules to delete a post so i’m just gonna abandon this account.
she then says that i am hurting her feelings really badly, and that she feels very ugly now.
lately i had a lot of time off from college and work, so i've been home a lot, and ever since she enters the house after she's done with her work or w/e and she's clearly pissed because i didn't clean.
throughout lessons afterwards teacher singled me out, calling me something similar to a nazi, can’t remember, saying i have strong opinions, just generally nothing kind about me.
mom and my youngest sister, who is very close with this brother didn't like her from the start, claiming she was self centered, gross (due to being a smoker), slutty (because she was known to have sex with her previous bfs), and using him (brother is generous and old school romantic, and frequently helps buy her groceries, helps finance things she wants here and there, and spoils her on her birthday and holidays.
i went to ask a few friends about this, what should i do, and almost all of them said i should cut a off.
edit 2: i feel like i should state that i’m her older female cousin.
pope francis packs swimming vestments just in case there pool at hotel
their was a chainsaw at one point as well.
my friends say i give off creepy vibes, but was nice when they actually talked to me.
one day, when she was particularly angry, i said the following.
baseball season rumored to be underway
he's really gentle and likes people a lot.
so aita for being annoyed at this double standard
i told the lady this when she told me she was pregnant with my child and she started crying and called me a terrible person.
aita for uninviting my son and granddaughter to thanksgiving dinner because he couldn't commit to arriving by a certain time?
honestly wasn't talking shit or throwing shots.
we would occasionally play together and i noticed how he would always have something new, and i know he is too poor to buy any of that.
she even brought up that her sister is moving out next year and she may move in with them.
my originals plans to finally confess to her in ōsaka also fell flat.
aita for making my roomate change dorms because i'm loud?
pool noodle has another season in her
background: early in our relationship, he said that it bothers him when he is texting someone and they reply even a minute late.
congress approves $40 million to fight teens
fight kind of runs out of steam 15 seconds in
some time after this, the team started trying out new players.
carl bernstein weeps uncontrollably after learning bob woodward wrote a president book without him
i walk to the couch and sit down.
and normally that would be awesome, but i'm scared that she's not ready for it and that she'll find someone better than me because i have severe separation anxiety and self esteem issues.
i've been out of state when the lease started and haven't been back, and won't stay because i'm moving to florida.
i was given accommodations at the hotel where the reception was held to get away from all the noise and stress.
detailed version: when i am driving in heavy traffic, it pisses me off when i am approaching an exit and i queue up in the right lane to exit.
maybe i should try a new method called "being quiet 80% of the time and when i speak i only say neutral things in this super soft non threatening angel voice"?
i mean i wont, but am i an asshole for escaping my problems this way?
he’s putting him in front of the class, asks him questions nobody his age could possibly answer and then makes fun of him!
sheryl sandberg's mit commencement address clearly references personal data of individual graduating students
personally i disagree but that's for y'all to decide.
he appologized to my wife and she told him to fuck off.
christian weightlifter bends iron bar to show power of god's love
i said i was just joking, but he got visibly mad, told me to shut my fucking mouth because i'm the kind of dude no one wants in their chat.
he said i should’ve covered about half the cost myself and made everyone only chip in about $10-$15.
he spent it yelling at me, telling me to kill myself, and calling me multiple shitty words.
therapists recommend treating people like shit if you're having a bad day
she has taken it twice before and claims it is obvious to others that she is not sober, and i should have known as she can barely keep her eyes open or walk straight.
alarming report finds hundreds of items still not available in s'mores flavor
aspiring legislator keeps sending unsolicited bills to house of representatives
'expect delays' signs placed randomly throughout nation
your son falls into this category in my opinion.” friend’s mom- “sure, we remember things like we think it happened or like we want it to have happened.
i brought this up to the head of the company, which was apparently a big mistake for a couple of reasons.
i love the modern take on twisted wrought iron garden trellises and gates.
'please hold while i send you through to mr. gilmore,' says jim gilmore inside empty campaign office
there is this jackass person at work whom i hate to death!
family concerned after aging tv show has another terrible episode
still, i couldn't ignore the feeling and one night i looked at the notification on her phone.
im also not polyamorous, and i wouldnt want to be in a relationship where i know that he's fooling around, but i honestly wouldnt mind if i didnt know.
i also know that it would destroy him to be cheated on and he would break off the relationship.
gus van sant prepares shot-for-shot teen wolf remake
tl;dr waitress forgot the second pound of wings on my bill and when she realized and i had to pay, i didn't tip.
now this girl i started hanging out with seemed pretty interesting.
he thereafter claims that he didn't even make the selection of speakers and that they were selected by a council (but i think that's tenuous since even *if* there was a council, he makes the final decision).
in conversation with my friend (his mother) today, i said any time her kid throws a tantrum, i get a strong urge to just leave because (a) i hate it and (b) i don't know how to react to it.
report: anxiety disorders induced by trump presidency not covered under gop health bill
my kid brother who i take care of (he’s 14) was telling her that apple juice is super healthy.
she said that child was "vomiting everywhere" and there was a "huge mess." she asked that i come home to help.
but she should wear a jacket to school too” if a long sleeve shirt and a sweater is still not enough then maybe they shouldn’t go outside.
man concerned he spread himself too thin between eating sandwich, watching television
trump outlines bold vision for nation's next mass protests
aita i answered post and got into a back and fourth with another redditor.
area woman thinks she could live in city she's visiting
my so stands strongly by his word.
i have since spoken to co-worker and we are all good it was just slightly awkward for a while but a good talk and a nice high five solved this tiny dilemma.
local cvs selling one leather jacket for some reason
we agreed we'd be casual friends who spent time together in groups and helped me with personal issues and nothing more, then parted ways at the mall.
her memories were kind of surfacing again these past few days, and it felt really good to have a hot girl hitting on me.
a manager overheard us then also apologised profusely and offered a pair of free tickets to any future screening at any cinema within the chain.
i wake up sunday afternoon a couple hours before the super bowl, and sit down in my chair to start playing some video games.
one day meeting up with we decided to film her giving me head so we can send it to chris.
she confronted me about it back in like march or april, and we sorted it out.
my kids think i am unreasonable.
they say they “don’t believe in procreation” and they keep saying the baby is a bad idea and then that i’m going to be a terrible mother, etc etc.
second fatwa issued on salman rushdie for derivative, uninspired 13th novel
ted danson totally nails tonight show interview
she had a book of mine for a while, and when i got it back the pages were obviously damaged with water.
i'm still trying to figure this all out, i'm still new at 'adulting', but i wouldn't commit to something that i didn't believe i could do.
entire facebook staff laughs as man tightens privacy settings
mom sent on fact-finding mission to read what parking sign down street says
but if that's how you want to be.
condo board member thinks bylaw cover-up might go all the way to deb
&#x200b; obviously i want to never blow up again.
we talked through the night, and when she had to leave, she asked for my number.
ex texted me about the passing of her grandmother and wanted me to pray for her.
so being someone who is recovering from depression i go to confront her.
there will probably be mixed answers but i expect it.
some family members are super giving with their time/efforts and are happy to help, but my wife’s mom and step dad basically expect to come and hold the baby without doing anything else.
so, not wanting 3 drunk minors in the car if i got pulled over, i left tarzan in the trees as i went to town.
&#x200b; finally over the weekend we went up to the finger lakes in ny and he asked me.
warm, syrupy pleasure coursing through man's veins after big hit of mattress
shadow of intrigue surrounds local news station's satellite truck
i have recently been given new responsibility at work, without a title change.
today at school she came up to me crying asking what she did wrong but i didn't even speak to her, i just walked away.
actor receives $25 million for everyman role
(long rant) i'm pretty sure i have my own asshole-ness to bear in this tale, and i imagine the title condemns me already.
our son stays at grandparents for like 1 week each month l.
your choices have forged your fate.
yeah, area man is drunk... so?
idk how she found out because she won’t tell me.
this was during a difficult and stressful time in her life (death of a close family member), and she and i struggled to communicate exactly what we were feeling and why i broke up with her as a result.
no leads sought in asshole's murder
supreme court to hear cases determining whether human beings deserve equal rights
across nation, superstores driving out old-fashioned megamalls
secondly, it reads like the type of thing a weird guy says to appeal to a girl.
he is a really good guy and pretty innocent, only ever been with his soon to be wife.
hillary clinton opens new presidential library charting course of purely theoretical tenure as commander in chief
aita if i take steal someone else's umbrella after someone stole mine?
and i kind of feel like a dick for my shenanigans.
man looks on helplessly as friend tells him story he's already heard
groundbreaking young adult novel features protagonist who's a bit of a loner
we moved the party to a lounge area and the models sang karaoke.
i’m not under any kind of impression that bisexuality implies unfaithfulness; i just don’t really know how to reconcile with the sudden unbalanced nature of this relationship.
tough-guy ice agent struggling to raise adorable kids after deporting their parents
in final machiavellian masterstoke, area woman adds 'no gifts, please' to bottom of invitation
even typing it out was therapeutic but i'd love opinions.
barr releases catatonic mueller after removing all sensitive material from special counsel's brain
adult-entertainment industry donates $100,000 in charity sex to hurricane victims
study: red meat takes years off of cow's life
medical breakthrough provides elderly woman with 2 extra years of inconveniencing family
aita for making fun of my best friends girlfriend’s weight after she hit my dog and kicked me out of her house when i was drunk?
daring bush returns from egypt with crystal skull
pabst still coasting on 1893 blue ribbon win
aita for feeling that my gf blowed this out of proportion and letting this affect my friendship with annie?
this is relevant because of a conversation we had tonight that will probably end with me breaking up with him.
man doing karaoke clearly sings this one every time
so i told him to please look for someone else to cover him, ask everyone he knows (other grad students, other profs teaching the same course, etc), and if he still can't find someone then i will do it.
&#x200b; so far, i've had 2 outbursts this week (which are really the only 2 times in our relationship that i've "exploded") : the first time, i let my bf use my card to pay for something because his card was declined with the expectation that he would just pay me back in cash when we got home.
but i was really irritated that he chose to do it in the middle of the morning when he knew i would be working.
i had no idea until the ensuing argument with my boyfriend on the drive home but she is a well respected chef and has worked in michelin star restaurants has books and stuff.
is this as simple as „this is his gift now and he can do what he wants with it“ and i am being an asshole for making a deal out of this?
i am good friends with both of them, but they despise eachother.
anyways, the fight was pretty bad and he hasn’t talked to me in two days.
i have a very low sex drive (later found out i have pcos) so i didn't mind.
i start freaking out and asking her why she would do that.
terrorism fan site full of spoilers
i said that you can't use depression or any mental illness (i'm sorry if i used a wrong term) as an excuse, because i know this from experience as well.
i can understand that she emotionally feels hurt and i feel bad too, but i thought we both agreed to this.
new study finds primitive customers capable of buying tools from hardware store
i kind of hinted at why i was not making a move, but she resented me for it.
this guy doesn’t talk to anyone.
should i break things off with a girl who would do anything for me to be with my dog?
there was no word, when it would start, but the person made it very clear that they would need me asap.
she wont respond to my calls.
&#x200b; also to the people questioning the whole deadpool 2 thing - that totally was what i was told, maybe it's not in a theater and/or i misheard?
am i the asshole for considering breaking up with my girlfriend after she told me she’s bisexual?
after an exchange of words, she stammered, and after a while, she declined.
at the same time, i look back at those texts from not too long ago ( about two weeks ago) and i feel like another person wrote them, not physically like i know i wrote them but it just doesn't sound like me and i respect s too much to do that.
bush picks up 20 copies of washington post he's in
but he's also the nicest kid i've ever me (like way too nice for a straight guy) and there is just something about his personality that says gay.
i told her that i’m glad she asked, but it was a no until she graduated.
boy, dolphin no longer on speaking terms
about a year ago, i moved into a trailer park.
i told her the story when we left and she said she might have said something if she was a guy.
she started angrily telling me how disrespectful that was and how it was such a stab in the back and "how could i do such a thing?".
trump boys frantically burning stacks of printed-out emails to eliminate paper trail
jimmy fallon six tantalizing months from disappearing forever
she started to cry, then i told her that she had 5 seconds to be gone.
if one of my friends treated henry poorly, i wouldn't stay friends with them.
report: majority of americans know which youtube clip they'll post following dustin hoffman's death
however, i got my hair bleached and dyed that day and got chemical burns from the bleach (i used to have psoriases on my scalp and i still have bleeding sometimes) and was in a lot of pain and bleeding all the rest of the day (our other friend claims this happened at 10 am but my appointment wasn't until noon and anded at 3pm).
historians discover thomas jefferson may have secretly fathered multiple other countries
yes, there are situations where you are joking with friends and it's fine, but this isn't one of those situations.
christie 2016 comes from nowhere to win republican nomination
when my aunt tells this part she typically goes into a long winded and detailed account where she insinuates that the girl wasn’t just handing me a pencil but an extension of her trust and hope.
didn't go to the college he got accepted to that year and checked into inpatient mental health clinic.
am i an asshole for expecting her to leave her job because mine makes significantly more than hers?
assistant manager accused of sexual indiscrimination
it seemed mostly polite, but upon reflection, there was a serious undertone, and the way he jokingly grabbed the back of my neck may have been what prompted me to make it my mission to hide at least one water bottle a week somewhere in the truck.
he then sent me back outside for almost 10 minutes.
my boyfriend and i have been planning on going to a rave for new years.
after few days our teacher writes that we need just to prepare for doing the comic and bring a a3 size paper for friday.
aita for insisting that my friends should try harder at school?
this is in addition to a decent amount of social travel, as she has 3 separate friend groups she goes on out-of-town trips with once or twice a year.
taylor swift accused of ripping off beyoncé by giving birth to twins as part of billboard music awards performance
suave releases new 20-year leave-in conditioner
u.s. military lauded for creating gender-neutral killing field
dildo manufacturers association: nation must return to normalcy, purchase dildos
however, he disregards any blowback or things that might get caught up in his wake because “nothing can get in the way of me [(your son)] studying for the mcat.” this parochial mindset is not conducive to developing positive, successful relationships.
this full timer said to just keep quiet and she will take care of it.
historical inaccuracy found in wild west strip show
johnson & johnson introduces self-lotioning baby
shitty human being blames decreased daylight this time
grandmother proud to have lived long enough to see first viable female candidate torn apart
area man going to go ahead and consider that a date
fox news now just airing continuous blood-red screen with disembodied voice chanting 'they're coming to kill you'
on the day of the lunch, i know it’s a secret santa but the person who got my gift brings me this big bag with these things to put your cell phone on your dash???
i finally had a night off tonight and tried to hit him up, but didn't get a response which i thought ndb hes busy or sleeping.
new report finds adult film star may have paid over $130,000 to cover up sexual encounter with trump
or am i in the right in this situation because they shouldn't be asking for a thank you.
woman angered when veiled anger expressed as mock anger is interpreted as real anger
even if the uber driver is perfectly friendly and a great driver, i find it really hard to justify giving out a 'perfect' rating.
frantic john kerry looks on as teresa slowly lowered into kim jong-un's electric eel tank
the whole time i am terrified.
they supposedly abstained up until marriage.
she also added that our old relationship is over and that i have to essentially win her back over the other guys she’s been talking to if i want to be with her.
white house press secretary responds to question about rising obamacare premiums with torrent of toxic spray from parotid glands
authorities believe man radicalized while serving 18 years in congress
american people shrug, line up for fingerprinting
and my dog howling to be let in as she had been let out on a dangerous street.
her cousin on the other hand is quite attractive, we've been on a couple of dates since the breakup and i like her.
she says it's one time a year where she can express her pride in being part of a community that has been through so much.
ron paul blames florida loss on expensive advertising costs of poster board, markers
i'm living with them because i'm still in college and we're orphans.
i'm honestly still confused as to how this escalated like this, and am also really annoyed for getting roasted so hard.
i told my dad how pissed off i was because i dont have very much money right now (which he knows) because they cut my hours at work for the winter season since business has slowed down.
i'm really sad because i thought he was the best guy i've ever dated and i really felt a strong connection to him before tonight, but i can't look at him the same.
pope francis wears miter with faceshield to comply with new vatican safety measures
i’m kinda a germaphobe when it comes to shit like that.
aita for calling my teacher dumb?
&#x200b; tl;dr i didn't let my mom's friend to stay in my apartment with me, but not sure i had the right to do so since mom bought the apartment and was paying for it at the time.
brother, sister talk on phone to make mom happy
exhausted robert mueller turns off phone to give himself breather from russia probe news over holiday break
he openly says he enjoys teasing her and winding her up, he asks for naked photos quite flippantly without really appreciating them or helping her feel secure about what she’s exposed, he jokes about sleeping with other girls and about giving her number away to other guys, telling her they think she’s hot.
i put the quotation marks on arguments because it’s not really arguments just her acting stupid.
it was like, 5 or 6 pm.
i have a 15 year old daughter with my ex, who i am still in regular contact with.
a few friends told me i should have just taken the meal and thrown the chips away but that's just wasteful.
my youngest also can be very hyperactive at times, and when he doesn't get a good night's sleep (which he won't, if he is sleeping on a couch in a living room), his behavior is terrible the next day.
uber hires marketing firm to help decrease brand awareness
aita for wanting my gf to do at least a few squats every now and then?
i'm more than happy for her to spend time with her family, i'll leave her to it and do my own thing for 2-5 hours while it happens.
apparently, i also wasn't the only one with a bone to pick with d, and soon a bunch of people had come forwards with accounts of him being creepy or harrassing them.
signature wedding cocktail provides guests with another thing to quietly make fun of
brad pitt sidelined 6 to 8 weeks with red carpet toe
i've been arguing with people on whisper and people on facebook just to tell them cracks in their story.
my sister married a black dude.
philandering string theorist can explain everything
i only did this a few times and only when it was grass.
edit-i want to be clear that i in no way feel entitled to any of my boyfriend's money.
i again say it’s disgusting, and since m was playing video games last night he clearly has time to wash the dishes.
we’ve worked things out but today is still a bit rough for me.
son's friend the kind who always gets nosebleeds
overweight man to lose weight if he gets really overweight
(pa.) the house we live in is also occupied by a couple other family members and a few pets.
i have always been drawn to passionate romances and have wanted something similar to what i see on the movies.
this goes on back and forth for a while and ends with him: i'm mad that you have the audacity to complain about the volume of my music when you didn't even need to be on the phone right then.
i ask if it was open handed or a fist (not that it matters) and she doesn't know, she just knows her cheekbone hurts.
a fundraising scheme suggested by the british, macmillan cancer charity.
aita for putting a girl in a bearhug after witnessing her spread lies about me to my whole team.
they are offended that i don't introduce them and quite frankly i likely never will even when they at the age where they are less impressionable.
now the only thing i can do is make posts on /r/shadowban and hope the dozen or so people see my racist posts.
parenting experts warn screen time greatly increases risk of child becoming an influencer
senator from troubled home state repeatedly acting out in congress
man needs verbal assurance that hand stamp will get him back in
boarding school student receives wet william
car rolls up to stoplight blasting google maps directions
adrenaline-fueled mother lifts heavy child from car
tldr; neighbor wakes me up on saturdays with the tinkering of his car at 6 am, i yell at him to shut the fuck up.
then it's on the downward spiral to a shouting match.
she then got up pointed and yelled at another guy i knew across the room who got her number: "call me!".
my daughter and her best friend have been very close since kindergarten.
anyway, i got on with my day.
by the third time my patience is running thin because otherwise i would be doing nothing except failing.
every time i would text my fwb about my time hanging out with a friend (platonically), i could feel a wave of jealousy wash over him.
at the cabin, all the girls talked about going out into the woods and doing a nude photo shoot.
state election commission chases wild animals out of voting booths in preparation for upcoming midterms
daddy issues worked out on dance floor
however, during the hookup, which fyi happened last sunday, it became clear that she was insecure, possibly a bit attached to me, and possibly a virgin, since i had to explain some pretty basic concepts to her.
but he still went to the rave.
area man perfectly content with role as another cog in the wheel
he kept kissing her on the cheek and lips and stroking her hair telling her how pretty she was.
some of them speak english, but very often, pretty much the entirety of the conversation during these visits will be in spanish.
world unites in desire to have a little more time between terrorist attacks
----- in both cases, i broke off the friendship by being honest and telling them that they not useful to me and even a negative influence to me in their current state and i am unable to fix their problems, so i cannot expect anything i do for them to be worthwhile in the long term either; being what i believe to be a reasonably self-centered person, i choose to terminate the friendship and avoid talking to them.
&#x200b; it has meant over the last year my parents have only spent about 10 hours total with their grandson when they come up to see me, something which hurts us all and feels like they are being completely left out.
what i do not respect, however, is the smeared grease left over on my pan (he doesn't have his own kitchenware) and the stove after an attempted "cleaning".
now to clarify even if i was invited i would have excused myself claiming studying or work etc and my mother knows this.
christian rock band cleans up hotel room
am i the asshole for not wanting her around anymore?
&#x200b; so husband and i were over at his parents for christmas.
and i mean nothing else leftover.
i also live with my mom so going to his house was kind of pointless and he is a bit of a pushover for his mom.
no one has ever had a problem finding smoker tenants for this place, so i doubt they'd bother suing anyone over having to do that.
i mention "yea it just sucks that no matter how much we think money doesn't matter, we still need it." he whips out a $10 bill and lights it on fire and drops it in the ashtray to show how he doesnt give a shit about money.
she's been in our room for most of the day, only giving me side eyes...
so at any given weekday i will play 4-6 hours.
when the drink cart came around, i got a ginger ale, but didn't wake her up for anything.
i asked him to get out, and my memory is not perfect but it led to him punching me in the face.
publicist confirms komodo dragon from 'skyfall' pregnant
he proceeds to threaten me with "i'll beat you up boy!
both bridesmaid and the bride fell in love with a 200 dress.
i couldn't really think of a better title than what it currently is, but it will make sense when i get into the story.
fun sticker placed on child's ventilator
petsmart manager does morning sweep of enclosures for dead ones before opening doors for day
immediately i remember she mentioned something about a friend she hasn’t seen or spoken to in years inviting her to a wedding halfway across the world in the middle of nowhere.
sean hannity unable to stop smiling while talking about shooting death of black teen
furthermore one threw up and that’s not particularly appetizing to eat after that.
when it came she was 50 cent short so she told the man to wait and she will get it.
i’m into him but feeling like nah.
my step dad, who didn't know the friend was in the bathroom, ends up tripping over my sleeping friend during the night and ends up jamming his thumb.
every time an organ donor dies, their organs go on to save up to eight lives.
we kissed in the club but i cut it short.
quiet loner really comes out of shell at gun store
boyfriend forced to express secondhand outrage
aides concerned trump's mental health declining after president admits he may not be omnipotent living god
i have a private meeting with m, they apologize for email and we clear up what was true/false.
all i do is take out the trash and help my gramma as she cannot move very well.
she brings her friend to her defense and to feel better about it.
sorry if this is the wrong format but can you just honestly tell me if i am the asshole in this situation??
photo of crying father a lasting symbol of economic struggle if there ever was one
auto industry agrees to install brakes in suvs
gop promises americans will be able to keep current medical conditions if obamacare repealed
so i just bought a new car and appreciate keeping it clean to my standards.
government admits to hiding embarrassingly lame 1973 extraterrestrial encounter
i can’t seem to find a way to deal with this, so i have discussed it with my good friends.
on those days, i've been left to fend for myself with our son.
minnie driver optioned by harrison ford
i realized that my issues can't be solved by no means that i've tried.
we later learned it was because lithium-based anti-depressants are known to amplify the effects of lsd to that of what we were witnessing in him.
bearded lady cleans up real nice
i said i am actually taking the kids out of the middle of the conflict and putting me right in the middle to handle all contact.
house votes against trump's national emergency on grounds that only congress allowed to misappropriate funds
so one day i was watching twitch while in a party with a female friend of mine's and i was telling her how much a few girl streamers are making on the website and she was saying that since she is in college she wouldn't mind making some extra money on twitch to help her with her college.
but this other dude is being a complete prick.
this woman who i can only assume to be his mother comes running and starts yelling at me that i should have my license taken away and i could have killed someone or wreaked a car....
she says she isn't straight just cause she's with a guy, that she is still bi and therefore wants to continue to support other people, who are in lgbt community.
the first few months went smoothly, she was so kind, and i was kind straight back.
i’m a person with typically no drama in my life so this whole situation was an out of this world experience for me.
nyc mayor: 'reconcile yourselves with your god, for all will perish in the tempest'
it pretty obvious what friend will look like old
edit #2: hey, so we talked about it, and apparently the girl moved in this morning.
i could literally enter any channel and the chances are the last thing they said was something like the things i said earlier.
this first time area man hearing about daughter dating george zimmerman
college-aged female finds unlikely kindred spirit in audrey hepburn
man waiting in h&r block lobby nervously eyeing how much more paperwork everyone else brought
fucker sure taking long time to download
they buy groceries except for occasional special items they expect me to buy myself, which is obviously a great money saving deal for me.
i never intended it to be some kind of big deal, but it's getting out of control.
aita for asking my girlfriend of almost 3 years for nudes?
now im not saying that i deserve it or anything.
family cell-phone plan area family's closest bond
it just annoys the hell out of me and when i tell him to stop, he doesn’t understand that it’s so annoying and i’m bleeding out of my ears.
greenspan comes out of retirement for one more interest rate hike
aita for telling my husband and his friends that they're not funny and their jokes were disgusting?
new study finds americans are living too long
i was pretty offended at what they said and failed to hold myself back.
wibta for asking my brother to not be friends with my ex?
playstation classic to include friend who always whooped your ass to complete retro gaming experience
she has always known and seemingly shared my boundaries and we've never had any issues.
you don’t move your car because you’re not playing by some soccer mom’s rules.
majestic pine recruited for yosemite by national park headhunters
i told her that i was going to go get some food and didn’t extend the invite to her.
i’m not being racist here, but they are just that stereotypical ghetto thug way.
i even let them search my car full of dj equipment as they were looking for open intoxicant or alcohol on me.
i get angry, and my dad tells me that there are certain things which are appropriate for my 8yo brother that aren't appropriate for me (15yo).
and i guess you deny treating me poorly &#x200b; \----- &#x200b; so, that's the conversation.
her close friends called me an asshole.
i've given her some space when she asked, and t is not really in the situation anymore.
so now sam's graduation trip has become my problem.
aita for wanting a relationship with a person i love?
i looked and looked, and all i could fine were sewing machine needles (which have a blunt tip) and needles with more blunted tips (pokey part).
mom thinks you'd enjoy restaurant she can't remember name of right now
chris tucker to focus attention on smaller, more personal rush hour projects
aita for telling my ex we can only be friends if sex is involved?
former addict celebrates 10th year of mind-numbing boredom
he doesn't want to drive because street parking is near impossible and he drives a lot for work during the week.
so i broke up with my ex a couple of days ago, i did so because i was interested in seeing her cousin.
aita if i took a commission while selling stuff to my friends ?
i never foresaw that the race of my partner would be a problem, but now - here we are.
but that neighbor did say “i know the guy seems weird but seriously fuck whoever reported him.
she told me to listen to a song, and i did.
my other roommate told me that his grandmother passed away and i figured hey this must be why he's been acting that way.
this film(i believe) was one of the most viewed videos on youtube in 2017(#9).
man bragging about how infrequently he receives dental care
so i'm not interested in practical advice on that front.
\-i looked at her and asked "hey can you please stop slamming your stuff on the table, its shaking everything and messing up my notes.
at 8am and 4pm about 3-4x a week, it sounds like they are running loudly, jumping up and down, and dropping heavy objects.
officials investigating hugh hefner's death suspect foreplay
dad doesn't know bf is black, but is racist.
microwave-popcorn bag a maze of arrows and instructions
i've known a few other people like her, and i'm convinced these people just want to feel "special" and put this label on themselves that isn't really there.
bill gates spends $56 million on amazon in one night
i found out later though that she has a 29 year old partner (we are both 19).
if there's something i know somebody could use or whatever i'll go ahead and get it for them, but otherwise i always feel like i'd rather keep my money to myself.
i used to take pills for both and get monthly shots.
report finds average american wastes 77 years of their life not listening to steve winwood's 'the finer things'
crowd shocked after unhinged trump dangles baby from truman balcony
the girls at my school are pretty judgemental and always talk about people behind their back.
whenever tim speaks near my boyfriend, my boyfriend wants to cover his ears with his hands however he has not done so yet.
alternative theater waits three hours for stragglers
aita for joking with/poking fun at my husband?
we have the highest taxes and poorest population, no access to health care etc.
two of my friends were commenting about their inability to get confident with women, and one of them told me "since you have been a pua, you should help me." how can i tell him, i believe it will harm him in the long run?
he got really mad at me for no reason?
area woman's baseless hatred of anne hathaway reciprocated
my dad then goes into the garage to do something which i do not know.
study finds humans evolved fingers to stop dropping stuff
dreamworks skg signs j&h productions to six-year deal
he was very disappointed and i told him we would talk about it next week since he was coming on back to back weekends.
terrified fda warns something making bananas black after several days
in this package there was wisconsin string cheese.
basically every time we did we both were drunk after a party.
penny not so lucky for tortured soul of lincoln trapped inside
unconsciousness faked to make anesthesiologist feel better
i'm currently doing med school and own a scholarship because i graduated top.
it's goddamn anger-inducing because you can never truly have a stable teacher, and for people who suck at math, it sucks.
and i'm sorry." but she came home wound up.
i want them to at least join us for one session of bible study.
new york to host 1998 ill-will games
bar has loud, overcrowded section upstairs too
i thought it was a good idea.
i find it funny, like a prank.
we broke up back in june, so i'm just now getting to the point where i'm feeling not as depressed.
than she went beyond and insulted me and said things which arent true.
tldr; my ex used my debit card to pay for a hulu account i never used and we got physical when i went to his place to get the money back.
woman probably just made up rape story in order to get threatening emails
our family learned over new years that she is able to graduate a year earlier than expected.
i don't like the new guy tbh, he gives me the creeps, and i think he takes advantage of my bf.
'new york times' rehires judith miller to cover escalating iran tensions
graduation ceremony a real broken fucking record about student who died in car accident
they went through his phone to find who he had been selling to which is how so many people got caught.
aita if told my husband that men can't be raped if someone has sex with them?
my response to him granted a reaction where he seemed visually surprised and upset, and that he says that i'm being outlandish and how it hurt him, but i'm so disgusted i can barely even think about that right now.
chuck yeager dies in fiery kitchen mishap
naacp issues travel warning for black americans visiting own backyards
dog feels like he always has to be 'on' around family
around 4 years ago i deleted a bunch of friends off of facebook without explanation.
liberal arts graduate realizes he's already forgotten 90% of human condition
djimon hounsou to play every african in the world
shit hit the fan when i admitted that i felt nothing talking to her.
he seemed extremely genuine, which suprised me.
we genuinely enjoy each other’s company, laugh and get along - except when it comes to sex.
i told him the truth to which he followed up with the obvious question as to why he wasn't invited.
this bitch must be an experienced fighter because she grabbed my hair and threw me on the ground in 2 seconds and was pounding my face.
man looks on helplessly as variants of his nickname evolve and multiply at breakneck speed
hasbro concedes world not ready for rubik's chicken
it doesn't look that cold out, reports man who doesn't have thermo-sensing eyes
i came back to the first guy and asked him if he was willing to pay $45 for it.
local welder suffering from welder's block
she then left my place really upset (she was crying).
i obviously denied it because i don’t want this crazy frickin guy coming after me and trying to kill me for “being nosy” or other shit that crazy child molesters often try to rationalize.
salvation air force collecting used planes in your area
i learned my lesson and will never pretend to have an allergy, but i don't think i was an asshole because i did try to avoid as much confrontation as possible, and even ensured the waitress and supervisor that it was all my fault.
leader of sea-doo riders holds court in middle of lake
lone house with no halloween decorations by far spookiest in neighborhood
study finds cats only meow when they want to alert owner of neighbor's murder they witnessed through window
they've all decided to keep the video but im still the one that's getting the most shit from everyone including the girl.
basically i said that i can't do everything and i purposefully made a strawman saying "huh?
school board adopts gay-ass uniform policy
i find that i'm usually one of about 3 students in a class to ever interact and i've always thought it was ok.
i really don't think you should be doing it either it really worries me.
'what were we talking about again?' says trump 15 seconds into phone call to family of fallen soldier
the part that really bothered me was the fact that she would spend money to change her appearance, albeit slightly, because she wasn't satisfied with the way she looks.
changing channel on local bar's tv more of a process than area man anticipated
aita for pretending that a friend's bike was stolen?
i didn't throw a single punch, and realized it escalated too much.
so now we get to the real reason for this post.
longtime employee given small pewter object
i was like why not but they had no answer and they all just left.
historical archives: immoral woodcut discovered in hay loft
'ass' finally inducted into video game hall of fame
and the "music teacher hates us" part was because we stopped helping making play decorations.
i found out earlier today that they met up with another gaming friend of ours in the same town last weekend, a meet up which i wasn’t invited too (apparently because they didn’t think i’d be interested) during the meet up this “friend” slept with my ex.
no matter how hard i try.
he tells me about how he was passing through ttt's area so he put together a gift basket with a bunch of awesome kinds of beer in it and a card, and left it on his balcony for him.
just me and my buddies at a bar watching the game.
( "conclusion" ) so basically, i don't know whether or not he was overly rude or i was overly petty.
so obviously getting together on thanksgiving was important to everyone.
jerry sandusky hoping judge takes it easy on him with sentencing
i had my leg room for the rest of the flight.
frantic, last-second study finds old-fashioned donut better for you than bavarian cream
you’re going to take the money and type in *three three point zero zero* into the cash register and hit enter.
i went to an italian restaurant with my partner awhile ago.
aita for breaking up with my boyfriend after he confessed he’s bisexual?
this other girl was gossiping about it to me and apparently, it hadn't been coke or heroine, *it was me.* beef actually *had* been caught because i reported him.
i always have this niggling reminder of what she did, and i do not consider her as someone i would want to marry because of what happened.
high school band teacher spends 85% of rehearsal hammering in dress code for holiday concert
i am my own boss, but its a small outfit and i still put in hours every day of every week.
report: majority of ufo abductions committed by alien that person knows
it helps me think and focus.
he promised not to do it again.
i eventually asked him if he was putting his discord server before his friend’s party.
she has a curfew of ten, but i’m generally fine with her staying out later if she calls me to let me know where she is.
she’s now known as an ugly ass slut gorilla.
this has happened before in my friend group with different topics, one being just yesterday where i was alienated by my friend group for playing a trade game in discord and i claimed a bunch of characters so i could get people to trade me (they got angry and said it was unfair that i had their characters.
i may sound like an asshole here, but this is what happens at college.
study: coffee drinkers at far higher risk of having mug crash to floor in slow motion after hearing their father is dead
tl;dr: my aunt says she cooks dinner after i get done working but i come home to find she's only cooked a giant-sized portion for herself.
she asked me what it meant but i wasn't really sure how to put it into words without sounding really weird, and because i'm awkward when it comes to social interactions i didn't want to ruin the conversation, so i told her to go and ask someone else.
it frustrates her when they take liberties and expect things from her without actually considering to ask.
i’d be lying if i said for me the saltiness wasn’t at least a little about the money.
impatient raytheon declares war on north korea
however, i worry that i've messed up my relationship with my new doctor.
all of them just went in on it.
scientists isolate area of brain that doesn't like poking
woman attempting to cultivate self-love forced to start completely from scratch after photo where nose looks kind of weird
we were in the field and around my peak( l peaked prior, don't know why.
this is where i will admit i got a little annoyed, i hate people not just being truthful with me.
still, there a just a couple of things about her that are a dealbreaker for me in the long run.
i asked 3 people for their opinion of this situation before i confronted him.
tl;dr: told someone to relax on tinder and to try to be more positive, it did not go over well.
bill gates finally getting into radiohead's kid a
aita for taking my turkey off the table??
then she starts applying for schools and is constantly pressuring me to commit to a city or a state but i can't because i don't have a job and don't even know what kind of career i want to do.
my neighbor saw me try to walk away from the mess and called me out.
tl;dr: ex and i are still friends and we’re going on a trip.
she could also barely stand on her own, and i didn’t think it was a good idea to bring her into a public place.
i feel like telling her my feelings might mess her up now that she's just gotten into a new relationship again, so i think i could just disappear from the picture and let the 2 be.
paul krugman's facebook friends excitedly posting about new article he got published in 'the new york times'
we went as a group to a veggie burger place and one of my co-workers bought the meal of another co-worker.
wisconsin legislature weakens incoming democratic governor by restricting his access to food, water, shelter
when a player makes a judgement of another players affiliation it's called a "read." seasoned players may have their own play styles, called their "meta." [----] in this case the game is being played online forum-style semi-anonymously; at the point of the incident i've played several games of mafia on the forum.
apparently there was some kind of delay that happened just as he got there and it's apparently my fault that we're late with the boards.
i think they know of my illness because i have a vague memory of them discussing that they too are going through mental illnesses of sorts, but it seems that they failed to understand that i'm a different case from them, especially when i decided to stop my medication for more than 6 months to try to cope with expenses and to avoid medication dependence.
i don't plan to tell the truth to my husband but i feel like a materialistic bitch nonetheless.
megan fox daydreaming about megan fox naked
we spent practically every waking moment with each other, she slept in my room every night in my bed.
study finds girls go through manga phase earlier than boys
the only reason these cups weren't is because they were too guarded in the store.
i don't know what to do sorry about any typos, i'm on mobile.
my main issue is that she seems to jump from tattoo too tattoo saying she wants one, but will regret it in the future.
actually, suicide not the easy way out for area quadriplegic
horrified authorities discover one-day-old funnel cake abandoned in dumpster
it's mostly done now my wife is getting the last of it.
&#x200b; after that week together, we texted non stop for about a month, then i slowly stopped hearing from him.
i tried to make a move while semi drunk before this, but that didn’t lead to anything.
she said that when we were fucking it was the first time in almost a year shes been able to orgasm.
my choir goes to a city 2 hours away to join 4 other choirs to sing together, it's really fun and sounds amazing.
website's new layout feels like deepest betrayal
ostensibly heterosexual man constantly threatening to put objects up coworkers' asses
showerhead self-conscious about single jet that sprays sideways
currently deployed, have a son who will be a year old here this month.
i showed it to my current gf as a kind of "wow this girl thinks she can steal me lol".
so, a short time ago he confessed to me that he did insult my grandpa.
all of this wouldn't be a problem, but as i said we are approaching one year and i have been thinking about our future together.
&#x200b; about three years ago i told a girl i loved her, and was answered that she didn't love me.
sometimes the other girls will tease me lightheartedly cause i don’y have airpods or cause my phone has a headphone jack.
completely unknown employee begins sending email updates to office
i find it disgusting, and he doesn't really ask for it so i had no reason to tell him that before (plus, i felt like telling him i don't like giving head would take the wind out of his sails).
at least a good minute passed since their light turned green, so i couldn't help but see who the two drivers were.
sometimes ill hide around corners and when she passes ill jump out and "spook her".
i've never felt like more of an asshole than right there but my fiancee keeps saying it's fine.
she said "really??" and started crying which makes me feel like an even bigger asshole but i'm glad she seems happy and less short with me.
he revealed his infidelity & deception to me 1.5 years ago.
her big hangup is that doctors typically say that you need to try to conceive for 1 year before bothering them with any concerns of issues with pregnancy.
my boyfriend drove us to a gas station tonight to purchase mega millions tickets.
guatemalan coffee picker happy if single person starts day alert
visiting parents unknowingly strike up conversation with parents of dorm's blowjob queen
she was shouting all this at me in the middle of the hallway, adding on to what i put earlier, she also said something to the effect of "i hope you need something from me (letter of recommendation?)" and "i hope your grade point average drops low enough so i don't have to round up".
aita for being mad at my boyfriend for kicking a dog that attacked us?
nothing has happened yet and she doesnt want to spend money on a lawyer to get a restraining order.
no one was around, so i took her phone from the counter and proceeded to call an uber.
tea-party host struggling to keep conversation going
aita my teacher gave me a lecture about being "obnoxious, disrespectful, having a superiority complex" i'll be honest, i don't know if this is the right sub for this, so please direct me to the right place if need be.
she stays at home, does laundry, occasionally goes shopping, watches soap operas, and takes her daily nap.
anyway, one day we were about to take a quiz on some chapter of a book i obviously didn’t read and was doomed to fail.
my friends liked a, so we stayed friendly throughout secondary school.
i take a seat at the head of the table as to not have my back to the kitchen, where people are cooking, but still able to be involved in conversation.
i was pushing his limits, and it was clear that he’d rather not.
aita for calling out a trans person on being overly sensitive?
[gf] is my girlfriend and [friend] knows me better.
mom makes sure everyone has masturbated before long car ride
she said i had stormed over there.
i [17m] am in high school and i have a few friends.
the winner of the raffle would have the honor of the biggest conference room named after them.
i get there and try to message her and find out like two hours after that she didn't come in because she took a shitload of acid and was tripping hardcore.
chuckling cops attempt to imitate sound of man being hit by taxi
i dont feel the maintenance persons job description is including this, and i dont feel i should be responsible to clean it up.
advice to enjoy being young came out way sadder than intended
aita for looking forward to a recession so that house flippers and other predatory speculators lose their asses?
literally, you could have called her back in 10 mins.
i haven't seen him sense, am i the asshole for punching him or is he just being a baby?
aita for not pulling over for my girlfriend to pee?
man excited to look like different type of idiot in front of coworkers at bar
disastrous ad campaign appeals to basic human intelligence
obama scrambling around white house kitchen before state dinner
this was on a sunday, and being a family fun kind of place it was pretty busy.
but on the other hand all signs point to him being gay and i honestly can't imagine he's straight.
i even made the effort to cheer him up when he seemed to get emotional about it.
mass grave blasted for lack of diversity
in washington state if that’s relevant.
i was there for his academy graduation 20+ years ago, so it was significant in a "full circle" sort of way too.
i would get way more for my money elsewhere.
the fact i'm living here a few years less than you?
i didn't bullshit her, i sent her an apology message.
my partner said i didn't need to snap at the waitress but i expect them to either know or find out what i believe is an easy question.
i didn't forget about her on her birthday, but they feel because i didn't text her happy birthday that i didn't really care, which is completely untrue.
'the economist' to halt production for month to let readers catch up
i had him call his sister, i joked about him calling 911 for company, and i left.
scientists receive $10 million grant to melt stuff
grandchild, grandfather equally dreading collaboration for school interview project
nation's police officers now too heavily armed to go undercover convincingly
we went out for drinks and nothing really happened, we made out for a pretty short time before she left, and i took it as a sign she wasn’t comfortable with it and left her alone.
getting randomly picked to make half-court shots now best way to earn living
also i bought them a pepper spray so they can defend themself.
during that time he has spent long periods simply bedridden and skipping school, often in moods, not eating, not socialising and generally just unproductive and not "present".
doctor, patient have wildly different definitions of word 'hope'
i try to be courteous since i know it’s probably irritating to have a roomate up at that time.
terrorism storylines being added to tv shows as quickly as they were dropped
aita for wanting a third party seller to refund me for tickets that were postponed?
she was always willing to fuck him and the first few years of our relationship were off again on again until, i thought, he had figured his shit out).
i knew it was a volatile situation but i was making 6 figures.
conservation program helps struggling rhinos adapt to modern ecosystem by retraining them as urban scavengers
renamed arena will always be verizon wireless amphitheater to locals
courageous man overcomes woman's body language to continue hitting on her
first off, he was intent on dividing the entire space and creating some ground rules.
during one of those rounds having sex, it was fantastic, i was very close to reaching that point that many men know as \*the point of no return\*, and just when i was getting there.........the doorbell rang!
when i tried to take a sharp turn i fell, i was alright because the snow kind of softened my fall but my bikes lamp was totally destroyed.
so after the movie was over, i stormed into the lobby and said, "attention everyone, i have an announcement to make: this bitch had her phone out the entire fucking movie!" later on, i was in the bathroom and she came up to my stall and said "i don't think we should be friends anymore" and i said "okay".
looking back that's what i would have done however st the time i was in college and it was my first apartment so i was scared and didn't know that.
i countered with the fact, that her sister is a grown woman, and would've had to call an uber anyway if we hadn't shown up.
on one hand, i didn't create a net loss.
man who enjoys popular rock songs discovers perfect radio station
_____________________________________________________ tl;dr: had a sensory overload-induced panic attack in a club, got third wheeled, both of which caused me to get up and leave my friend behind without a word.
bill and melinda scoggins foundation pledges $58 for charity
shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
defiant milosevic eats big, sloppy sandwich during trial
er doctor excitedly tells wife he got to use shock paddle thing today
it wasn't reasonable for me to lose out on the conference i was registered to go to, and possibly face consequences at work, just to be one fewer person with a cold in public spaces.
the complaints had two main reasons.
he said that he had to leave and catch a flight so he wouldn't be able to stay the week.
facebook users ashamed of criticizing company after seeing heartwarming 'here together' ad campaign
the host told us there was a pier with beautiful lights and a playground.
context: my wife and i have a 7-year-old daughter.
my boyfriend and i made a promise not to keep secrets a while ago and i was following this along perfectly (but now and then i would only tell him something a bit later as to not ruin a good mood or to make a bad mood worse).
kellyanne conway decides to lie low until rule of law dies down
new bar to feature 'sports' theme
my brother and i started mining bitcoin in the extra bedroom of the home i was renting from my mom.
i'm not going to make them gifts either, i suck at making gifts, no one wants a fucking macaroni sculpture with glitter glued on it as a gift.
i reason that, she’s already cheating on him with other people, and he is also neglecting her in some really basic ways.
i say it’s okay, i forgive her.
she also said that as soon as he got out of the car he started screaming at her things like "this is why m*****'s shouldn't be behind the wheel and that she's an n-word who would be better in chains among other things.
i went to pee, but was in there for probably 15/20 minutes texting and looking at instagram.
luckily the kid came back and held it for the rest of the flight but why the fuck do people think that it's okay to do that?
aita for attempting to control my sister's eating habits?
grimacing congressman quickly drafts legislation for charley-horse research
christian bale loses 40 years for upcoming movie role
when she didn't take the call, i sent her another message asking her to just explicitly tell me whether she wants me to leave her alone.
he is also out of shape, old, and slightly short.
woman happy to have such good takeout places she can call when feeling low
grandmother talking big game about being alive next year
director's commentary for one night at mccool's trails off after 20 minutes
i'm always early anyway, and because there was no traffic i arrived much earlier than even i normally would.
once she got work off (tuesday) and confirmed we were going she asked how much tickets were and if anyone else was going.
the truth is i like what we do, i like our time, i like our money, i like taking trips on a whim and i enjoy watching her sexy ass as i belay her during rock climbing.
'97 camaros to come with pubescent mustaches
tesla posts massive first quarter loss after self-driving car absconds with $702 million in cash
obviously while i’m gone i’m gonna have to continue paying rent though unless i can get someone to fill my room.
i've told them both that it upsets me, and that if part of their joke was to fuck with me, then congrats it worked.
we dated all throughout highschool, and long-distance through college (tough!), and ended up getting married at 23.
so now, on sunday she decided to break up with him because she said felt more comfortable with guys her own age and that he should move on.
that means she's sitting in the golf cart while i'm moving mattresses and water jugs, i'm setting shit up while she's telling me to man up and i had enough.
i pull in to the mechanic’s shop i go to since i know him pretty good and he gives me a good deal.
&#x200b; i moved and am now 5 hours away from this girl and i don't see how i could throw my life plans away to be with a baby that i feel no attachment too and a girl i don't even know.
i immeadiately disagred, but she wanted to listen to a podcast so i respected her wishes.
this all culminated in some texts back-and-forth between us and i was breaking her balls about getting involved with some loser and that her face was gross (not my actual words, but you get the idea).
i have only brought up the anticipated budgeting problems (once).
local woman considers telling gynecologist whole truth
anyways, this vague "goodbye" post sent me over the edge a bit.
my girlfriend and i get take out or go out to eat a lot because i don’t cook and i don’t like her cooking.
i say that it slipped my mind, and now she's telling me to message her a thank you for the book.
i tell her ok, and we decide just to be friends.
politician spots young female aide, and so it begins
further backstory and my current thoughts: 1st: at our holiday home there are not the kind of allocated seating plans that we have at home where each person sits at the same place when having a family meal.
woman assures friend she has blackouts from drinking all the time
the value of that relationship isn't necessarily inferior to a romantic one.
life-saving drug more accessible to lab rat than majority of americans
what gets me busted is the carrying of dishes and cups back and forth to my room.
im mainly hurt i lost chris because tbh, we’ve had some great times together.
i know my dog barks a lot towards certain dogs, but does that warrant management getting involved over one complaint and potentially kicking him out?
tale of how woman started making earrings out of scrabble tiles even more spellbinding than anticipated
he also told me last week that i would not be getting paid, so now it's just a pure favor that i can't afford to do.
same with that i don't really want to have a cat.
area eyesore also a data technician
would i be an asshole if i sent her some flowers?
i carry my weight in terms of diaper changing, putting him to bed, feeding him, playing with him, daycare drop-off, etc.
she made me feel so bad.
but getting her to help me has been very frustrating.
for the last year or so before the trip, my boyfriend (then of nearly 6 years) would also more often than not join in.
as you might have noticed, i’ve not gone into how my current boyfriend is feeling.
nipsey russell estate releases volume of previously unpublished couplets
i just felt that this particular small change meant something more than it did and i was carrying other unmentioned resentments about the brother i should have compartmentalized and certainly shouldn't have allowed myself to come out with this topic.
she was also my first time, so i took what her nurse said as fact, as well as the experiences of my male and female friends with contraception, none of which are like mine :/ &#x200b; edit one: just for context, where i am from, nobody in a committed relationship really uses condoms if the girl is on a contraceptive.
aita for hating them for not allowing me to just stay for an hour or two?
'the natural' not on tv often enough for area dad
aita for changing my pair the last second?
sports-related murder provides perfect local-news segue
names of the various parties are redacted.
it had no creative value, and it was very distasteful and offensive.
staff of new thai restaurant desperately hoping area couple will try eating there sometime
i was like "oh, calm down sarai, he's never given you any reason to doubt him" which worked for a while but his shady behavior just got more and more shady.
pretty out of character for him and i feel like i really hurt him but i'm not sure i'm can honestly admit that a rain dance isnt just another old superstition like blessing a house or people who call psychic hotlines.
aita for refusing to pay for another iced coffee at brunch because i was under the impression it was a free refill and i wasn’t told otherwise upon asking?
sam ended up telling me he wanted to break up to improve our friendship.
maybe, i'm wrong but imagine being in a female+female relationship but your girlfriend going to straight bars and straight pride events.
acid trip better planned than vacation
his fucking wailing has been preventing me from studying for my midterms, and i went to his room to tell him to get over it.
for years, i have been going to a small local rock climbing gym.
new york approves $13 billion plan to rid jfk airport of former president's ghost
that's how my girlfriend explained it anyway, and it sounds great for her, and for her father.
you're not interested in weekend hanging out, and i know (partner) is dead tired during the week.
the car of her mother broke two weeks ago.
fema assures wildfire victims bucket brigade nearly over maryland state line
god purges millions of souls from heaven now that sexual assault being taken more seriously
i nodded; my butt hurt but i didn't want to make a big deal and i was a little shaken and my ego was hurt.
i have no interest in joining their sexcapades or telling anyone who they should or shouldn't sleep with.
now, i just want to clarify that i don’t care if a person is gay, bi, whatever.
after about 4 hours in she said i could leave a bit early if i want.
melania's heart sinks after realizing husband uses pet name 'horseface' for every woman he fucks
eyes removed in violent yearbook attack
borrowed cd slowly integrated into own collection
&#x200b; both sally and michael don't think its a big deal but it makes me upsets me because william made it seems like he gave it to them, but instead he sold it them after he had told me and michael that he would just give it to sally.
fast forward a few days later, we woke up to get ready to find that we had no running water (no shower, sink etc.).
d, heard me and got very triggered.
anyway while in the car i am informed that they are also getting some “quick” massages at a mall.
&#x200b; now, i get i was not really doing anything about it and i never really asked her out and i get that but he started dating her and his excuse was that they liked each other and it just happened.
i have always had a lingering attraction to her, and we have a very playful/flirty relationship.
the bird is usually pretty calm but today it freaked out and started flying.
star wars gamer magazine boldly claims to be the leading magazine for star wars gamers
its just that this was something entirely new.
'i used to look up to you,' shouts anguished flynn jr. running out of room after learning father a perjurer
last year, having left school with minimal grades, he managed to secure a fairly decent opportunity at a well-respected firm.
paul ryan quickly runs tweet about texas shooting past wayne lapierre before posting
i didn’t think it was that big of an ask as we do have more sensitive people at work and i was thinking in his best interest.
i'm nervous and unsure about wanting to be a father buy i've told her i will support her.
harley-davidson releases new motorcycle designed for men
recently my boyfriend asked for a blowjob.
i don't know what i will do yet.
i didn't know that at the time everyone was kept in the dark about it.
amazing original thing to become hated cliché in 6 months
they don't enjoy being around me.
we didn't talk about it anymore but had some small talk after it and it doesn't seem to have bothered him, but i can't really know for sure.
i didn't really know what to talk about.
she got mad and stormed out, the way she was stomping her feet i thought there would be an earthquake.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: i just think you should not say things that way.
i think i have every right to be quietly upset.
so i have these three very, very good friends.
i was also threatened because apparently i wasted their time or some bullshit.
prince harry, meghan markle debating between hawaiian luau- or 'x-files'-themed wedding
authorities say blacklight analysis shows velvet poster of mushroom kingdom looking even cooler than previously imagined
now normally this teacher is pretty chill but i believe this has crossed the line, wibta if i reported him?
siblings playing tense game of chicken to decide who going to care for mom
i (23year old living in the netherlands) got a job which requires me to travel to the uk every once in a while.
i just feel like she doesn't give a shit about her life and only cares about what's going on on her phone.
i took profit of a night where we were just two to tell her about how i felt, and i found something to replace the hugs: telling her why she was a great person to me.
i am quite nerdy and a bit reserved and keep to a few close friends.
(for what it’s worth, he did agree about her being self centered and not being too interested in me) well, the other night my so gets wind that his coworker is worried that i didn’t like her (this is a complete surprise to me) and because of this my so would like to try another double date.
i provided all the material for the electrical work.
so one of my friend is new to the game and pretty bad at it.
what do you want to do about it?" she brought me the bill and i paid on card and this time i tipped 0.
its usually difficult for me to maintain relationships this long due to my own personal issues.
this has been interpreted as bossy, aggressive, intimidating, and dominating.” i was deeply hurt by the personal insults.
she also added that if i gave her a few months, "maybe" she'd develop feelings for me.
29-year-old has been going to different friend's wedding every weekend for past 3 years
as soon as i sent the message, i regret it and told him i said it out of anger and would want to be friends still and that i still want to talk.
my mom told me it was “disrespectful” to threaten that (the threats were not empty) and that i shouldn’t have argued.
sierra club withdraws support of controversial fern
sorry if i disgusted any if you by how superficial i might sound, but i can guarantee that we have a very healthy relationship and i just have a few issues.
i will update this post as developments happen.
my wife got a job and we moved and i've been.
i tried explaining my side of things how i want her to go around back, but she won't listen.
me (18m) and this girl (17f) both like each other but grew apart after she started dating someone else (16m).
car parked with windshield wipers halfway up offers glimpse of world suspended in time
most of the memes didn't even have his face in them, just us poking fun at the fact that he's basically a bitter incel, which is true.
area woman not yelling at you, she's just saying
report: mom and dad's house starting to smell like grandma and grandpa's house
nation's voyeurs watch women's march on washington from bushes
asshole from plane greeted at baggage claim by whole family
bitch be gettin' all that way
i really never envisioned this becoming the major problem it had now become.
i hope if she did have a so they just teased her about it, i mean it’s not like flowers from basically a stranger is threatening to their relationship...
i usually just didn't mind because it was some good alone time to clean up and sleep.
i listened to music and movies too loud as a kid with my dad to the point where i have minor tinnitus and needed to go to a specialist about my hearing.
obligatory on mobile, so formatting yatta yatta.
partially faded hand stamp undermining everything prosecutor says
tea party plans to recruit more coloreds this fall
i let it go for about a month then last night, i asked him again and offered to prepare snacks for him so literally all he’d have to do it eat a snack once a day.
indiana governor insists new law has nothing to do with thing it explicitly intended to do
we rescheduled the date for tonight.
john henson, craig kilborn meet for historic smug-bastard summit
we were kind of arguing for a little bit with both wolf and other members until lynx stepped in and me and lynx moved to dms right after.
when she turned to the bar to order new shots, i simply grabbed my coat and walked out.
man parallel parking tries to leave enough room between cars to infuriate other drivers into just giving up
i also messaged someone basically to complain that i couldn't believe they got another replacement for me, and i wished that would tell me if they were going to get rid of me, and i asked if i'd really been that bad at practice the other night.
she calls me "honey" and she occasionally speaks with a baby voice, which is a huge pet peevesm of mine.
so am i being the asshole here?
i go to school to japan, and there are a shit ton of rules at school, and the length of your skirt is one of them.
my brother was angry because i hurt his so call friend, but that didn't matter i told him you could go to jail for smoking weed he immediately started getting flustered and ran outside buy in the future he will thank me.
as a result, you have great pve and pvp elements.
she seems to only do her thing without considering how i feel about it.
chicago police department to monitor all interactions with public using new bullet cams
reconstruction finally completed on field destroyed by united flight 93
i was so upset, but i never once showed it to the waitress.
my ex was hit by a car on his motorcycle a few months ago.
i really just panicked, it was sudden and confrontational and weird.
it sounds childish and i wanted to know what other people think about it.
aita for secretly going to a musical behind my bf's back?
it happened a few months ago, and i don't know whether to apologize again or not.
it easy to tell what area man will look like as skeleton
that's fine by me, i do things that make my parents happy too, but her parents are not my parents and i've been clear from the beginning that i didn't want to attend (even when she wanted her friends to go i didn't want to).
aunt somehow got married, divorced twice since last time nephew saw her
the test might not matter because it might not fit inside his meaning which he has yet to choose.
i responded “the contrast is off” long story short this photo is massively important because her mom hired a professional photographer to take it, and it cost a ton of money to do.
dirty, bearded vince foster bursts through doors of clinton fundraiser
aita for telling my boyfriend i don't want him talking to his ex wife?
normally, gender wouldn't matter in these scenarios except for what happened next.
evangelical church strips away all the frills and pomp of catholic molestation
pictures of smiling group of people taken where john lennon was murdered
(if it means anything, the boy's real father is a strung out pill addict that steals and tries to ripoff people for money) but, would i be an asshole if i call her out on this and tell my cousin the truth?
like it was so badly shattered the neighbor is literally going to have to replace the whole fucking thing.
my new neighbour has only moved in a week and hes already been over about noise complaints.
meanwhile, i’m trying to save so we can finally buy a house).
i suggested that maybe she could join me in pickup soccer on the weekend, since she was desperate as hell to get out of the house.
i know it's not really relevant, but for context his long term girlfriend lives reasonably close by and it's not unusual for him to stay with her.
the class consisted of what would be considered "international students" in that country, with at least 90% of the class population originating from china.
this girl and i planned on going on a date last sunday.
procrastinating attorney just reuses opening statement from last trial
my job searching became more and more exhausting.
drunk women find their run across busy street hilarious
so im all thinking that it will be a relatively short thing, like as in we eat lunch and come back.
bush texting while mahmoud abbas speaks
grant was devastated and was depressed because not only had he just lost his father and best friend ( they both died) he now lost his wife.
in my mind she wants a tv and a wall mount, i’m essentially giving her the tv already, so she can buy the mount.
the title is as accurate and straightforward as i can put it.
tearful mitt romney announces he has rare disease where you can't sit quietly on stool when repeatedly asked to
my so and i work together and drive to work together.
i have volunteered to go in and be with scruffy (the good boy in question) as he is put down, but she says she wants to be there.
but, when it comes to me, he acts so kind and gentle.
i have been trying to gently back out but she has become suspicious of my behaviour.
construction crew arguing over who gets to use the fun tools
she has class twice a week and goes to see her family two nights a week, so unless she’s sleeping somewhere else i see her when i leave for work and when i come home.
u.s. anachronism at 'all time high,' says truman
we both were in shape when we met and got fat together.
&#x200b; we've been working with a third friend on an animation pilot, but recently that third friend had moved away and decided he didn't want to be a part of our project anymore.
paul ryan sitting among undecided voters at town hall debate
but at least one of you had the same initial impression that i did so i dont feel so bad.
genuinely have seen the light 😁😁
hundreds of cuban refugees clinging to air force one on flight back to u.s.
but i didn't want to be taken advantage of either.
she said she was not, and she started to get offended and asked me why i would laugh.
so tell me reddit, was i the asshole?
it’s not a sniffle allergy, but a pretty severe one (not deathly though).
i would often use these group chats or my friends who juuled for an extra pod.
average age of wacky tv neighbors dropping
still dumb to scream at the machine but who does it hurt?
as someone who has pathetically struggled to make and retain close relationships this is a big deal.
this happened this morning after class.
hello all, i am a high school student currently enrolled in ap computer science a, a (high school context) fairly difficult programming course centered around java.
still, no conversations with any of the girls at that point.
i'll have that one thank you." the bottle was all written in italian which i found amusing after all that.
jogger horrified by discovery of own gruesome body
so anyway, i accept a job for 25,000 from a company i have never worked for before.
fast forward again to today- about a week later, we're having a conversation about the first meeting and stuff, and she asked me if i would still come if she "hypothetically" had a boyfriend.
i've gone down on him a bunch of times though.
i have to clean the dishes and clean up, because she wouldnt so them,because that's how you get ants, do you want ants jane, because that's how you get ants?!
so after they did a good ten minutes of grilling they turned to me and said "smells like alcohol on your breath.
trump claims greatest threat facing nation toys coming to life while owner not in room
i have reasons to believe he has done it before and is currently working on more young females.
he's shy, inexperienced and awkward with girls.
george h.w. bush hasn't seen anyone from his secret service detail in years
white house graciously accepts saudi prince's thank-you gift of severed yemeni head
that's when my mother came in saying stuff like "ffs help your sister.", and at this point i just wanted to get this over with (not gonna lie from this point on everything i say will be in a pretty aggressive way).
amsterdam tourist can't find 'kind bud' in phrasebook
i want to confront her, but i can't help but feel guilty in someway.
to be accused of stealing is one thing but to be accused of stealing from a charity is even worse.
new taco bell menu item ready for testing on humans
he's wonderful and i'd miss him, but i wonder if staying together is worth all the shit my mom (and potentially my dad) will put me through.
i love my mother, obviously, but a lot of the time she gets too absorbed into something, (whether minute or major, she just gets sucked into her own world, which is fine, a little annoying though.) or when were having an argument, she doesn't have a definitive argument, or she gets confused while were arguing.
- to surprise my mom on her 50th birthday.
she told me her location was set to where i was because she didn't want her clients to see her on tinder.
need for more places to sit becomes election's most important issue
tl;dr: my dad asked me to move from the head of the table which i had been sitting at for an hour, i said no, he got upset, i moved when my family convinced me, when dad left the room
(also, i’m posting this on mobile so sorry for any mistakes or typos)
then i look up at the mom and see is [this face]( framed by the can-i-speak-to-a-manager haircut, blond highlights quivering with atomic rage in the humid, still air.
i asked if she had my things and she lied and said she did then got hostile when i asked for proof.
l frequently jokes about serious topics like suicide and depression, with such enthusiasm that nearly the entire class can hear it, and have told him to stop several times (he doesn’t).
i told both of them that there was no way i was gonna "fix" this, and that's about the end of it for now.
i’m me(obvs) and friend is ‘a’ me-happy 9/11!!!
teen on birthright trip hadn't expected to see so many dead palestinians
i got a girlfriend at some point, then we stopped this arrangement and he was cool with it.
i later called him that name again and he pretended to freak out.
report: most for-profit colleges started in effort to pay off own student debt
i was in a pretty garbage place already, and people that i cared for and trusted were kicking me while i was down in front of all seven members of the noodle gimp's extensive streaming network.
i just don't know if i am a super crappy employee or if i have a crappy job.
he made me think it was somehow something that i did or how i acted that warranted him to treat me this way.
'to defeat them, i must become them,' john kerry says while putting on black face mask
she even offered to fix every single mistake in my japanese, an offer which i gladly took, although i kept reminding her that she could stop anytime if it ever became to exhausting.
i couldn’t believe things had gotten so out of hand and i thought by saying “this is crazy” it might diffuse the situation and give us both some perspective.
mlb hoping to boost attendance at league meetings with 'star wars' night
&#x200b; well that did not go over well.
aita for getting mad at my boyfriend for watching porn?
susan told me that she and her boyfriend of 6 months just got engaged.
i felt like there was no benefit to me sticking around and getting fucked over by his situation; it was physically a one-car accident, nobody was hurt, and he was not able to control his vehicle.
marine determined to win heart, mind of at least one iraqi
londoners 2 percent less polite about terrorism following bombings
am i an asshole for reporting a man for using the women’s restroom?
i told him beforehand that i will help with any occuring problems.
but for some reason this made me feel so shitty.
am i the asshole for not wanting to go public or is my boyfriend pushing it too far?
i don't want to work with him in this state as i would do most of the work as john doesn't seem to be able to, or want to do any of it.
passengers praying uber just a hobby for elderly driver
i let him know i didn't pay it because i was certain it was a scam, but that i should have followed up with the dmv or something.
so, one of my friends, gifted us some couches for our garage, where hang out, and smoke(weed only).
the full timer dry cleaned it herself with her money and brought it to me later.
aita and if so against whom?
now one particular day when i was working brittney was the only other host on staff that day.
in my rush to get to the build, i had only grabbed a poptart and some water; meaning by the time we broke for lunch, i was fiending for some real food.
at this point i was just confused about, if they thought i was such a bad player and didn't trust me or want to hang out, i was still technically a member of the club/team.
we were extremely close and touchy but always platonic.
i told her that i was aware the other girls were saying mean things about me and the drunk girl i was talking to acknowledged it happened and felt bad.
after a while, me and some friends, including my ex, were sat around chatting.
context: he and i were met online over a game and became close friends and developed feelings.
my (34m) parents retired to someplace a few thousand miles away from me several years ago, so they only see me and my kids (11 & 14), on special occasions every few years.
i replied saying “that is not sexist, i would have said that to a guy or a girl” they basically then regurgitated what they previously said.
45-year-old man self-conscious, embarrassed by new, unexpected changes his body going through
second-grade class has no questions for visiting local historian
apparently not to my knowledge, hes apart of one of those christian cult things in south korea, and he had to get reprimanded after his episode in the hallway.
escalating tensions lead trump to shake up inner circle of tv programs
he was completely unable of expressing emotion, and honestly said some really scary stuff.
toddler just looking for sensible mid-range tricycle
i increased my speed to 65 and turned on my turn signal so i could get into the now-closing gap before it was too late.
back in around may i believe i met this one girl (lets call her ruslana, obviously not her real name).
i had a reputation as being good student and pretty serious guy, so a lot of people took my post at face value.
but to me, it sounded like he was inviting himself over.
i dated this girl december last year until october this year, i really got to love her and i am not sure if i still love her, even after we broke i still supported about her supposed rape.
this would not be a major hardship but it does not seem worth it to me since i am already embarrassed about not being in the wedding party.
report: supplying police with high-powered military weapons to sharply reduce costs of shooting suspects multiple times
i told her i wouldnt go because it makes me uncomfortable, to me it is awful to be burying him in that way.
friend insists you just have to climb ladder, hop gap, scale wall to see the view from apartment's roof
i explain that i was sorry, that my grandmother was in the hospital (she was brought into the hospital thursday afternoon, returned home friday night), and that my mind is in another place.
museum proudly exhibits picasso shitty enough to be in kansas city
i realized i would be the only support system when i asked him to move in.
he's been absolutely amazing before all this, i just don't get it.
whenever i go clothes shopping shirts or shorts or whatever it may be are usually folded and stacked into nice plies on tables.
they left and end of the story with them.
we're at a table and a few people join us who we don't know.
the only issue is that i’m having to be a lot more careful with my money.
i didn’t feel guilty cos they weren’t together.
half of nation outraged at new, not-yet-released michael moore film
i'm 17 almost 18 and i want to start to take control over my life and my parents drag me places and make decisions for me.
some people screenshotted and spread it.
after the game some friends joined us for some drinks in a bar that she was going to meet us at before going out.
hopefully this helps anyone in the same position in future.
i’ll own up to it and say this isn’t real and i would never actually do this.
i think he should have actually tried to find someone --- especially given what i told him about my schedule --- but on the other hand, i should have just given him a straight "no" at the outset.
that was an incredible gift from him and we're all planning on sending him tons of thank you gifts this christmas.
we went to the er, it turned out to be minor and we were out within an hour.
(maybe that in itself makes me the asshole but it is what it is).
&#x200b; aita for thinking that snow is safer to walk on than ice?
they said dinner was ready, so i went to the dining table and sat next to my friend.
it worked perfectly fine when i last set it down, i was just blamed because i was the last to use it.
i've tried to remedy this by always pointing out my favorite flowers when we're in the shops together.
i simply didn't have time and didn't give it priority of my exam studying.
desktop zen rock garden thrown at assistant
report: things finally as bad as trump claims
what flowers do i buy a woman who likes to preserve them afterward?
in one sense i do have the main symptom that calls for a diagnosis of the disorder which is irregular periods but i didn't have issues with my ovaries visible via the ultrasound i had.
once mighty super bowl commercial now sad, pathetic 'price is right' commercial
the time commitment is way higher than i thought and she has a lot of emotional baggage that i don't feel prepared to handle.
so now instead of playing anthem he's playing resident evil 7 that he bought on an impulse buy a couple days ago.
now you can see into your future. and it's pretty darn scary.
apparently he resisted arrest, and they had to call backup to restrain him and send him to the hospital.
kids in bus accident mocked by kids in passing bus
we recently moved into a new office building, and i was put in charge of coordinating a lot of the new office logistics.
both are aware of each other though they have not met.
the party was in a normal sized room, so everyone saw us, including my ex-girlfriend.
i am the oldest of 4 (ages 11,7,4) i tolerate them but i don't love them.
the title pretty much sums it up.
her job is really good enough as it is.
jesus announces plans to return once the dow clears 27,000
whole foods announces it balancing out lower prices on most items by jacking cost of pita chips way up
this post is an influence from a recent tragic story of a nine year old boy who committed suicide.
they always talk bad about the students and sometimes tease the students that just transferred in and to even think about dating one of the new students would horrify them.
high-end persian rugs attend trial in show of support for paul manafort
since then i don't know much about their interactions hut i've understood she has been looking around for a new place.
they dont harm anyone who isn't also in a "military".
we get into an argument on opposite sides basically with me saying that if one of us is playing a rhythm game that requires the music to be heard well, that that person should wear headphones or the like because their choice of game with audio needs shouldn't trump the other's enjoyment of their game music (if they want to hear it).
i shot my shot and asked her if she'd just like to grab pizza over at her place, but she said she has to study.
then when the last generation started there was only two things i could do which were to build a city and a greenery.
just an hour ago she told me what she bought me: a trench coat.
:-) &#x200b; edit: this is the scene i'm referring to for better reference.
she insults them and disregards them on a day to day basis.
word 'innovate' said 650,000 times at sxsw so far
i wanted to ring tommy anyway so when i did i also asked on her behalf when i thought he would be there and then relayed the information to her.
aita for not telling my girlfriend's mother something i wasn't supposed to tell her...
i either cringe or my eyes pop wide when i see an obese person, and i cover my nose when someone smells like they took a bath in cigarette butts (not just from pg's death, but because it smells really bad.) aita?
aita for sleeping with my ex while knowing she has a boyfriend?
i still think there are other options for us to maybe try penetration, but i am angry that she has shut the door entirely.
the organ donation industry really bothers me.
ice in urinal just cherry on top for man who came to club to drink piss
last remaining novelist dies in captivity
literally, there is no background there at all.
it was okay for a bit.
i confided i was upset because i felt like he wasn't trying to think of any options on how to fix our relationship.
staffers frantically trying to restore chaos to white house before trump returns from asia trip
i'll try to be as objective as possible.
report: gross-ass gourd all bumpy and shit
military recruiter fondly recalls when he was just a naïve kid being coaxed into making binding 8-year commitment to fill quota
i told them i thought this was a great idea, and we would be happy to come.
sweating obama admits drone strikes have been happening on their own
aita for being upset that boyfriend is gifting $20 state tax credit to his brother ok.
area man may never find out if condom in wallet is still good
fda approves of what new drug is going for
female presidential candidate who was united states senator, secretary of state told to be more inspiring
maybe this is a bit of a cliché topic, but it is one i have been struggling with for a long time.
so at my uni the grades are curved quite harshly.
the fact that they wanted to get a restraining order on this underage girl who was nearly 2000 miles away from us disgusted me.
lately, i've been thinking this was all my fault, and i was an idiot to think it could have gone otherwise.
'if this report is true' to be repeated 5.7 billion times today
i am not a trust fund baby.
the rest of us know the rules but it’s just a general understanding.
at the time i disagreed with this and besides b denied what she had done and didn’t seem to hold much remorse.
'97 neons to come in three hideous new colors
gunman opens fire in own mcdonald's
man on bus can tell by surroundings he either hasn't reached stop yet or passed stop long time ago
&#x200b; the following year reversed the situation, and i got in the class with all of the friends, and she got the class where she was alone.
i've been sitting here for four hours hungry and now i'm grumpy." &#x200b; my response: ".....you could have texted ahead that you wanted me to save that for you" &#x200b; enter a 3 hour argument, where we're both complete assholes to each other ending with me waking up to a 5.pg text.
new study finds most of earth's landmass will be phoenix suburb by 2050
one of my friends, let's call him a, loves to make really funny jokes at the expense of others, though it's all in good fun; he never intentionally offends anyone.
i can't go on many rides at theme parks and there are many activities i miss out on.
man figured drug addiction would take up a lot more free time
he said that he hadn't but had asked their son and he said was fine.
she called me an asshole again and stormed out.
boeing lays off only guy who knows how to keep wings on plane
i asked if she fully trusts me aswell on which she replied with: "i trust you.".
he has reached out to discuss it with me and his ex several times but i have blocked him because i don’t want his judgement or criticism.
wife too busy videotaping elk attack to save husband's life
none of mom's clothes can be cleaned using washing machine
and sure, moving out to another spot at 2 in the morning makes me cranky.
my younger brothers assist me, but the business is mine and they respect my fathers wishes.
republicans blame election losses on democrats
since then, we've scheduled times to talk, but he keeps bailing.
instead she has her sister, the groom’s sister, and the maid of honor.
woman who shrugged out of boss's shoulder rub taking no shit today
aita for giving my dog some freedom?
i said sure and we agreed on dinner, i was confused on whether it was a date or not.
she is an expat and messages her brother through whatsapp and facebook messenger.
she replied saying that she completely disagrees with me and she stands by everything she said and did.
after that the next topic seemed to occur: environment they asked if i knew who the top co2 emission producers are and answering their question themselves: big industries.
back-to-back broadcasts of 'big' happening on tbs apparently unrelated to death of penny marshall
teen reports saturday night live has sucked since chris kattan left
researchers find link between education, smartness
i'm going to college and have a work study job, which obviously doesn't bring in a lot of money, but i don't have the time for a real job, and a real job would totally mess with my fafsa.
annual 6-sentence conversation with cousin goes smoothly
anyhow, i'm a really introverted guy.
i scoff, saying "oh, now you want to be friends?" to which he retorts "uh...
man who will pay $60,000 in medical bills this year can't afford health insurance right now
report: u.s. must reduce dependence on foreign turmoil
it’s not an endorsement of their lifestyle, but it is a refusal to despise them.
nation curious after discovering mysterious, eccentric benefactor paid off country's debt in full
aita for pushing my dick next to her?
i call the electric company and they say i owe them $6,200.
and the place is important, and the whole thing is a cherished memory.
completely uninhibited party guest still choosing to talk about work
he persuaded me to inform my dorm security.
she only stopped after a senior told her to quit it because she could tell how angry i was getting.
suggesting that he didn't want to bring attention to himself.
they started discussing other places we could go and i was just fed up with it all and said: people who didn't help set this up aren't allowed to complain now.
we got pillowcases people could sign, and sam ended up writing this inside of mine: "roses are red, trees are green.
sex toy discreetly shipped in plain dildo-shaped box
she was very nice to me and quite attentive to me when i whistled for her attention.
she seemed really into me all of the time, and made hints that she wanted a relationship.
so i looked into it a bit, it looked like a case of mistaken identity, and that the actual person involved was his cousin or brother or something.
he hasn't seen you in months.
we split bills based on income so i pay 65% and she pays 35%.
i wish this had a buildup but it didn't.
one was about abortion which i told them that i was actually pro-life.
about a month ago i asked my boyfriend to marry me he said yes but in the condition that he gets to meet my parents beforehand.
teens find this one hilarious store
and she’s been increasing pupils grades in my english class who share her views, just because of this one speech.
probably too late this year but you're basically setting a precedent for every future year 😂” later my mom called me: so, she calls me and asks why my brother and sister are being assholes, lol.
20 minutes i show up and knock on the door, she comes out with her dog on a leash and wearing a hat.
i have a secret santa party coming up, and the person i got paired with posted a link to exactly the things they wanted.
mediocre painter's true talent lies in acting like a painter
we had our son young (16 and 18), and i have to be honest: there were many years where my wife admitted to me that she wishes she had an abortion rather than going through with the pregnancy.
i never expected them to get in contact with each other or i would never have put my fiancée in this position.
i thought he was pissed off on me, prompting me to ask why.
a few days later after gathering my thoughts, she asks me what i want to do.
there is no afterparty, no greeting the bride or groom, and the only way they can know you came is through looking at the picture taken with guests at the end of the ceremony.
aita for ignoring the girl who rejected me?
a lot of the members immediately commented on the post and started shitting all over it just because it was an article from ringside news.
met another girl at the club and we talked and exchanged numbers but did not have sex.
i dropped everything for her, and she can’t be bothered to give my a jump so i can pickup my meds.
after this eight month issue i told her that she shouldn't accept this kind of help from him again, and she again dismissed me.
sharing the rent would be preferable over taking it all on myself straight away.
i didn't necessarily call her an attention whore, i told her to stop acting like one.
who knows, but at this point i guess we're both awful people regardless.
we are all friendly now and i'm sure the other models can see.
''what the hell did i just do?'', ''is this the meaning of existence....just to fuck?
so basically this conversation happened on another subreddit and i just need to check if i’m the asshole.
i apologize if it did not come across that way.
in the last 10 months she went through a lot of therapy, got a job in the field we studied and was promoted at the end of her probation.
frustrated man doesn't know what else he can do to get cat purring
&#x200b; i personally think that it's a fantastic idea and that with the amount that she does for them everyday is christmas.
i’m not married but i am in a long term relationship.
he did cheat on me once early in our relationship but i've let it go and moved on.
hero shop saves hundreds from hunger
mom brings home little plaque that says 'family'
she asked who she did the work (decorating and whatnot) for if not for me and my siblings.
i didn't mean it in a condescending way but i asked her to leave because it was starting to get annoying.
we start getting more into the conversation, arguing a bit, and i’m asking why should i be expected to pay for half the wall mount if she’s the one that wants it.
twenty minutes spent making tuna fish palatable
i definitely think i am to blame for part of it and i can clarify anymore information you may have.
she was not totally cold hearted, and seemed to be longing for an emotionally fulfilling relationship.
the nipple showing not telling story made me think of that particular episode.
then after the movie started she had her phone out and was definitely scrolling through facebook.
unhinged lunatic using facebook to spread conspiracy theories
&#x200b; tldr: friend was getting married, asked me to find a spring dress mid-autumn, invited me and my sister to her bridal shower last minute and guilt triped me into going and tried to do the same to my sister, changed the venue and got mad when i told her i couldn't go because it could get me kicked out of college and asked for the bracelet she gave me for being her maid of honor.
after some deliberation i replied that my wife and i would like to see him and his daughter on another day.
now, my brother henry still hangs with his "group of friends" from high school when he's in town, but he goes to college in another state.
aita (25m) for knowing that my gf (23f) is not trying to meet other guys for dating because she wants to keep me as her friend, and not doing a single thing to change the situation?
real-life scene filled with product placement
she blew out a fucking meatball after we put a candle on it because there wasn’t any cake or anything.
aita if i want my girlfriend to wait to eat, bathe, etc when i have a problem?
so i've been with my boyfriend for 6 years, he's cheated on me physically twice, and sexted several hundred women since we got together.
my light finally turned green and i grew more curious as i drove towards the two cars.
i'll keep this short...i love my wife.
this was the first time i had heard of it.
woman struggling to contort dreams, ambitions into shape of dental technician
lifeguard would save drowning man, but who is he to play god?
as the post puts it, i was filling up gas when i realized my right front light was out.
she said, "if that was supposed to impress me, it didn't." and said that i was full of myself.
taylor swift inspires teen to come out as straight woman needing to be at center of gay rights narrative
280 days of meryl streep's year spent being honored
'just take it slow, and you'll be fine,' drunk driver assures self while speeding away in stolen police car
i grabbed their collars after maybe 30 seconds after they turned the rottie into a chew toy.
led bulb coming to terms with fact that it will outlive all its friends
then the photo got a bit more risky when she sent a photo of her in a bra kind of pulling it down a bit.
she emails me on my personal email that i had shared with her sometime because of movie tickets or something.
the girl stayed though and i introduced her to the family.
historians suggest 'goodfellas' youtube clips may be fragments of larger work
my girlfriend generally likes animals more than i do.
they go out to the city and have dinners at restaurants with my parents, siblings and other cousins and i never once went with them.
last day of school i was so emotional and she was too.
she calls a couple more times then leaves a text apologizing and asking to talk.
i told him that it doesn't really matter if i use the truck or not because i am home before they leave anyways, but he told me to send my daughter with my sister to walk to school.
local bull dreams of traveling to spain for running of the bulls
realtor was not expecting such hard-hitting questions about water pressure
u.s. to give limestone-based economy a shot starting next week
i admit that wasn't very nice but my headed was very clouded with anger at this point.
i asked our third close friend if she had known they had been dating that long and she said she didn’t even know they were dating at all, period (but that she been suspicious that they were).
is this true?" i had even asked her out, i was just trying to find validity in what my friend told me.
so, basically, earlier today my dog was called out by a dog owner for being out of line, and barking at other dogs relentlessly.
work life, personal life both spent desperately trying to appeal to women 18 to 34
and i can’t date, like who wants a 23 year old guy with a kid.
anyways, i angrily and reluctantly paid just under half what i owe to relieve any tension and to get them off of my back.
since then, i don't see him often.
tl:dr - cheated on ex with three people, he got angry and blocked all contact, now wants to talk and let it go for our mental health, but i don’t feel i should have to.
b told me i was being inconsiderate, so i had my husband ask her to back off and calm down to which she refused.
being gay has been accepted in many circles, and is considered morally right by most of the youtube userbase i feel(which consists of mostly young people).
pentagon announces plan to cover cost of hormone treatment for servicemembers doubling down on biological sex
just wanted to hear your opinions.
aita for telling a homeless man to go back to the train tracks before i put him there?
over race, weight, social skills, etc.
as a joke, i tell one of my other friends to send her some obviously fake photos of people vomiting.
that was no issue cause she didn’t intend to get any fastforward to last year, she got a tattoo anyway fully knowing i was against it.
i thought they'd get bored, so i didn't call the police.
edit 2: i don't mind if you think i'm an asshole on this.
latest department of interior river count comes up one short
tractor-pull fans begin to question whether this is what life is really about
i don’t insult, ignore or harass either of them or do anything like that, i just personally can’t respect them as people, even though that sounds really bad.
sam's brother luke insists i should've approached him about what i intended on doing, and we could've worked together and approach this from an angle of wanting to help sam, as opposed to "let's tell his parents for the sake of *hurting* him." although this is true to an extent, i don't think me acting out of anger necessarily makes my actions bad.
middle east small talks to focus on getting israel, palestine to discuss weather
southern poverty law center admits they have no idea how dannon yogurt company got on annual list of hate groups
this day, i was the furthest class from the front door in the entire school.
her family all knows english, so i don't see why she's worried about this so much.
she told me a few weeks ago that she was depressed earlier this year, to the point of being suicidal.
republicans, democrats unite in good laugh over reform party
embarrassing bounced check from greece taped up in imf headquarters
and to compare something as precious as a child to a dog is ridiculous to me.
i am interested though in what your opinion is, which side would you have chosen, and...
cia forced to complete all scheduled torture in one hectic weekend
and since i spend most of the day at home, and walk the dog most of the time, i just feel like i can't get myself to care.
i also believe that being abandoned by his only true friends would make him an even worse person.
he confided in me but was otherwise pretty private.
i shrug it off and assume that's the end of it.
my mother in law took personal offense to my calling and now she is upset with me.
my stupid black heart about melted back into pink.
study: 89% of husbands planning to surprise wife on valentine's day by dressing as naked, chubby cherub
red lobster celebrates return of annual all-you-can-eat krill fest
i don’t want him to meet them and when i told him this it blew up into massive argument with him yelling at me and questioning why i’m keeping a big part of my life a secret from him (it’s not as big as he thinks it is but more on that later) and kicking me out of our apartment so he has time to think about our relationship.
heart attack a real wake-up call for man's insurance provider
it is what i would call a reasonable response.
employee refuses to leave child w/ a nanny or friend.
in march he mused about how nice it would be if the ex hadnt left him (that's 2 months into marriage).
i never really wanted children, but k was very insistent about wanting a child, and i decided to put her needs above mine on this issue, given how important it is to her.
evening's events immediately recapped with digital-camera slide show
son discovers dad's welcome back, kotter spec script while cleaning out attic
i always need a phone to do it, that's my weird thing.
area cat allergic to kevin strenlow dander
tl;dr walked out of a class i passed to finish project in a class that i was failing aita
today she started saying that she should be allowed to stay in the house until she can find a full time job and an apartment of her own..
i start locking my dog in the bedroom (which is on the opposite side of the apartment than j) if i know i am not going to be back before 8pm.
new bailiff tired of hearing how old bailiff did things
aita for cutting off a friend for the sake of my girlfriend?
usually, i just do my own thing and ignore whatever he's watching.
my boss is telling me to let it go and that im being unreasonable.
report: voters may have tried to influence '96 election
we were debating if apple juice was healthy or not.
on top of this, such move is almost inescapable and render both players vulnerable to other players' cars catching up.
realistically, i told him that i don't think i can change overnight but, if he decides to stay with me, will be transparent with him about the steps i am taking to improve myself in the hopes that one day i will have total control over my anger.
guy totally looked like chick from behind
nation has heart set on last muffin
in jeff's case, i blocked him on social media after, but i realized that that probably wasn't necessary when it happened with emily later on.
he's also complained about just general noise including talking and the tv.
&#x200b; now wednesday we hear nothing, send her a message and so does one of the others, no response.
my brother says he is not paying his half of that because i did not stay in the house for a year in an attempt to get free electricity.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: and i'm sure the others are.
she said that it's highly unlikely that he will seriously pursue anyone else while we're still together and that i'm selfishly holding both of us back and that if i was a real friend who genuinely cared about chris i would have ended it long ago no matter the consequences.
couple just wants small ceremony in public park with close friends and shirtless stranger hanging around tree
but my friend chastised me about it after a movie yesterday.
dad thought 18 was too young to start birth control pills.
i figured “okay, i’ll ask him if he wants to go and then ask her if he says he does.” so, i call him, and he says wants to go.
i had been conflicting internally over these feelings for a long time.
i wanted to record him but i've had no real reason to do so as i don't know what to do with it and i'm afraid of the consequences if i showed it to authorities because many people stupidly think you can't record one's voice without permission in the country i live in.
she says it’s just puppy fat and will come off when she grows but i disagree with her and think i’m doing the right thing for her health.
what can i say, i’m a pussy.
she said she'd stop playing with him in all leagues except for one where they were on a 6v6 league.
he didn't even speak to me directly and starts claiming me as a "snake" because that's not what he heard and i'm going back on my word as a business owner and "a man".
i at least deserve the truth.
i told her that it wasn't her house.
throwaway because my boyfriend is an avid redditor.
'active shooter at large,' reports endless background hum of modern american life
i talked to my husband about the whole thing and he agrees with me.
i never talked to him about it but he never seem insecure or anything.
however we didn’t really see each other much over these few weeks so again we didn’t break up.
first automated foxconn machine immediately tries to commit suicide
her "evidence" of my wrong doing was: &#x200b; 1.
in order to not appear like a total piece of shit to my 3 sisters i had been visiting her most thursdays for the best part of 6 months, until i realised she didn’t actually seem to know who i was.
and you are siding with her because she was that stupid kid who didn't do great on school like most of you (and the kind of story that you like), so you connect more with her, even though she is a piece of shit .
scientists warn ionosphere one top-40 hit away from exploding
\[4:00 pm\] me: you know what you are doing and you're going to suddenly act stupid and back peddal \[4:00 pm\] him: lol \[4:00 pm\] me: just own up to your bullshit \[4:00 pm\] him: dude \[4:00 pm\] me: dude \[4:01 pm\] me: like, what have i done to you?
&#x200b; edited to add: get the dog now, and if i'm medically cleared a licence in a year or two.
national interest in anything hovering around 3 percent
she posts baby updates every so often.
if i could do it again, i'd probably bring her to a gas station and ask her to go get me a drink from inside while i pump gas, and then ditch her there.
random uncle's wife crying a bunch throughout grandma's funeral
m says they are his dishes, and we haven’t got bugs, besides i can’t see them from my bed (i can), so why does it matter.
jpmorgan chase acquires bear stearns in tedious-to-read news article
government no longer even bothering to hide halliburton favors
i'm at school all day, whether it be at work or in class, and it makes me so mad when i'm tired at the end of the day but still have to act as personal assistant to the rest of my family.
my wife went to college but didn't end up pursing much of a career, opting to take care of the kids.
pet owner not bothering to neuter loser cat
i acknowledged that maybe i was an asshole but the more pushback i got, the more defensive and extreme i became in my viewpoint.
i told my friend that i hope a hurricane or tsunami hits us and she told me i was an asshole for wanting people to lose their families as well as their belongings all so i can see a natural disaster.
he's very clingy by nature, and would hardly let me get a second alone during the 6 months he was unemployed.
because that's what i would do, minus the dick part" and she laughed and said "i like the part with the bouncing from dick to dick, but not the pussy part.
disney rehires director james gunn as part of company-wide push towards embracing pedophilia
anyway, they bring up the topic again and i restate my point that if you make a comment that you would to a person of any sex, it’s not sexist.
&#x200b; i've even thought about wanting to tell panhandlers i'll consider helping them out if they show me their i.d.
i shared this hesitation with the guy, we had a long talk about it and decided we would try for monogamy anyway.
he didn't like me as soon as we meet.
tonight i kinda snapped a little bit.
she's expressed that she is open to keeping the baby, but she doesn't say whether she really wants to or not.
area man clearly came to redbox machine without any game plan
'time' magazine subscribers brace for inevitable issue with close-up of ted cruz's face
failed attempt at hyperbole yields dead-on statistic
community garden sprouts first condom wrapper of spring
when i bring it up she makes it out that i’m being and asshole for not agreeing with her.
she has noticed and has tried to talk with me about it, which both emasculates and enrages me.
katy finds out about my unceremonious breakup with amy (that's another thing i hated about it, everyone knew the second we started dating) katy went on the full offensive, binging it up every single time we we're in a room together, weather it was at practice or while lifeguarding.
american muslims to fort hood shooter: 'thanks a lot, asshole'
i put a lot of time and effort into my body, performing routine exercises each morning, as well as using special lotions, bodywash, and frequently using facial masks to clear out my pores.
i thought would at least get to be a bridesmaid since she has always told me i would be part of her wedding party ever since we got close.
report: one in five women training to be yoga instructors
aita for telling my spouse that girls belong in the girl scouts and boys belong in the boy scouts?
i ended up running into nick the day before thanksgiving.
i chalked it up to her not having known him all her life, but today, it really made me feel...
hollywood plans big-budget remake of mr. & mrs. smith
the group chat was silent for a few hours.
fast forward to like an hour or so later.
aita for selling him overpriced decks so he won’t buy drugs?
trump gives intelligence agencies their daily briefing
a little bit over 2 hours after a came back (4 hours from when i went to my room), my friend was going to leave and i walked into the living room to see that the dog had shit on the floor 3 times, both me and a were surprised by this.
enraged character in stageplay to be unconvincingly restrained by other actors
&#x200b; if i were to call them up, tell them that i thought it was incredibly shitty they were prioritizing my sister's dying horse over my son's serious (but likely minor) medical concern, would i be the asshole?
and i always let the people across from me go first.
we've been friends ever since." "hes gay?
i fancied him, and over a long course ended up being together.
i asked the girlfriend to keep it secret as i knew he would react poorly.
her last "partner" was male, but he was also pretty flamboyant and feminine (as expected).
my issue is that i have a good amount social anxiety mixed into a generalized anxiety disorder, as well as a panic disorder.
friend takes liberty of ordering $40 worth of appetizers for entire table
neither boss nor employee paid enough to deal with each other
the next day however, the girl texted me that she cannot meet me on saturday, because her best friend and my ex-girlfriend complained about us kissing on the party.
so i matched with a woman on tinder today and once i saw her bio, i was immediately turned off.
as the youngest only boy out of 4 kids, i often don’t win.
so we talked about all our partners.
“why did you leave me?” i said i left to take the photo/ she sulked away and sat on the curb next to the car.
my now wife found out and was justifiably upset.
'i don't know who i am anymore, little buddy!' says mother in midst of nervous breakdown
the problem is: kim really doesn't seem to care about her stuff.
&#x200b; &#x200b; i (20f) have a 2 year old daughter and have been dating my boyfriend (21) for about 7 months now.
&#x200b; i can't talk to them because they are violent, and it is a drug house.
doug jones thanks child bride during victory speech
no matter what christmas doesn't go well at my house, so this year i want to say fuck it...
health department still not able to really prove why people shouldn't be eating candles
serial killer annoyed by young murderers with no appreciation for albert fish
in his defence i did just dump the 3 straps i used on the passenger seat, and, not that he knew, but i did so because we had a few urgent deliveries called in that afternoon, so whilst i was paid until 4:30, i worked until 6:00, meaning i couldn't care less that i left straight after.
been married almost 10 years, the cat is 15.
so, when something bad would happen, like they died in a video game or they dropped a plate they would just say, "n*****" .
fema dispatches crews to do whatever they need to do to look busy
super 8 offering writers residency for anyone working on suicide note
i can’t help but feel bad for him but i know if i tell him what his new passcode is i’ll get beat up.
&#x200b; &#x200b; it wasn't until later when i looked into it more, that i realized i wouldn't be able to see dirt anymore.
i yelled back "there's a crossing guard you need to follow" and she yells back "i'm not part of the school" like she doesn't need to respect the crossing guard.
whitewater rafting trip in which friend drowned still pretty fun
in short she said she needed more time to finish a certain project and i told the person that she said she was done and ready for inspection.
biden opts out of putting last few felonies on job application
papa john's now offering 3-day home delivery
when we first started dating i was really physically attracted to her, and our sex life was great.
i brought up the fact that i usually get paid for my time to her since i would have to find the music, and put in time for practicing.
man nervous about telling date he has her kids
rudy giuliani suddenly realizes he's been grinning during entire 9/11 ceremony
self righteousness can sneak up you i suppose.
m’s email deeply hurt, i had been trying and working so hard at fixing behaviors, solving my sleep issues, home management, everything.
army commander depressed after reading facebook comments on latest raid
she said she mostly never answers the door, which i knew immediately as bullshit as she always answers the door.
we have this ongoing argument when we go out to eat.
man worried experiences of cancun trip far too complex to be conveyed through single keychain
basically i want to resign any rights and responsibilities for the kid, since i never wanted him/her to begin with.
so, like a normal adult, i asked him if he could show me my phone because of the weird stuff he's been doing, just to make me feel better, and he just told me straight up "no".
7-year-old asshole demands you king him
15 cnn ireporters killed in afghanistan
pope francis renounces papacy after falling in love with beautiful american divorcee
it was like $5 entry each person!!!
u.s. continues dependence on foreign toil
last week we met up at a mutual friends party, afterwards we went out for dinner (with a few mutual friends).
i also took pictures of her eating with friends and i got the cutest picture of her drinking a soda but looking out the window.
i pay $85 a month for this spot in my apartment complex, and the garage is gated off so random cars shouldn’t usually get in.
new robert altman film released straight to special-edition director's-cut dvd
friend who sent link to 8-minute youtube video must be fucking delusional
we had a long conversation and got along well, but i had the feeling that she wasn't what i was looking for in a partner.
i’m still incredibly lightheaded and hungry but can’t leave his flat because electronic doors + no keys = i’ll get locked out.
man reminisces about innocent comforts of previous video game level
so he stood and stared at me while me and my friend were putting makeup on (i’m obviously ignoring him because he’s leaving for work and wants something) so he bends down to kiss me and i let him without looking.
and if we kick her out or dont immediately agree with her or let her ramble for an hour she throws a fucking fit.
anyway, after this they start yelling how they’re gonna get my dog killed for biting and call the cops.i grabbed him and got the fuck out of there and drove home with my dog (real bad choice i know, but i was being drunk and was emotional)...after last night my best friend won’t talk to me or respond to any of my calls.
a few months ago, my coworker was talking to me about her children.
i had my interview last week and found out i got the scholarship tuesday afternoon.
got chastised for it even though no one actually ever needed it.
she says she loves him but just not in an sexual way.
so i'm actually an mtf trans woman (assigned male at birth).
we are unsure what to do.
i try so hard to find ways to spend time with my friends and its just fruitless.
but if he says no, he's not touching me over or under the panties.
he just makes me feel so weak and he’s projected his weakness and “”effiminacy”” on to me for so fucking long and it felt good to hurt him back.
i recently had investigative laparoscopic surgery in which they found endometriosis which explains why i haven't been able to get pregnant.
day two, she asks for my phone number and in my head, i take this as her showing interest in me.
but that last car who clearly ran the red a second or two after is pretty wild.
edit 2: even though my son would be happy to have the game now, i'll suck it up and wrap it.
my long distance gf called me and told me that she wanted to go to concert but none of her friends of family could go except her guy friend she met 4 months ago.
where does the bias come in?” me- “when we talk about ourselves, we are doing two things: 1.
wedding dj finally gets the chance to listen to some black eyed peas on his own time
new study finds link between breastfeeding, always knowing what's right for everyone
my side, as well as the opposing side is making a left turn.
football fan wears off-season body paint
vatican putting out feelers for how public would react to another children's crusade
our premature princess was born at \~28 weeks, and went straight into the neonatal intensive care unit (nicu), where she currently still is.
anarchists rise up, move to different cafeteria table
he told me to not do anything rash and that he would change his ticket and come home as soon as he was able.
only positive statistic of year announced
i spoke to my direct manager about this.
apparently she brought the game, but it never happened.
jim acosta immediately decks white house intern after being let back into press pool
today, the tuesday after mlk jr.
report: only 2% of internet worth sitting through 15-second ad
there was this girl i went out with uhh like 7 times?
it was known because of her being defensive around her phone, her going to the restroom to talk on the phone, her angling her phone so no one could see it, her lying about who she was talking to, her easily being pissed off by her husband, you know, the usual.
pa returns with 20 minutes to eat and while i sit moping, waiting for my sister.
thing is i'm really into her and it seems to go both ways, we talk nearly every day now and the time we spent together was just great, so are our conversations.
we have not really discussed the pain nurse events.
the person with the oranges refused, but was trying to trade the two oranges for the last yellow they needed for a monopoly.
the other times he was talking about were when my friend said "if it's against their religion to eat pig and cow then how'd they kill everyone?" and one time my friend did a fake japanese accent and said something about the teacher having negative chi.
even though he did too all the time, when we were all friends and we weren't.
shelling from royal caribbean's m.s. 'allure' sinks carnival cruise vessel that crossed into disputed waters
about 1.5 years ago i made friends with and developed a crush on a girl called misty, but she rejectted me.
i didn't want to stay home.
i wanted to take him again this year, but it turns out that the date falls on one of my ex’s weekends.
he started going back on medication (he had made me believe i needed to go on medication and never told me that he had gone off of his) and started doing meditations and finally went to therapy after an incident where he yelled at me on the street for no reason.
**i played that.** i did not raise my voice nor did i sound threatening.
d pushes r and swings at him and then says “don’t call me a retard” and then he heard me laughing.
at the moment we are planning to have a long distance relationship.
i never paid for the brunch, google did, so there would be no compensation there either.
&#x200b; so, what is the verdict?
however, i got really pissed when this one girl, who i'll call momo, made a smug face at me.
when i texted b to ask where her doggy bags were, she told me that a had already texted her and told her about the dog poop on the floor 2 hours ago.
(important thing to note, he has a bit of a voyeur fetish and him and his wife both have "free use" agreements with each other).
dh finally steps in with this gem dh: put her in her pram.
l was planning to go into engineering on a high school co op and nothing else.
i’m on mobile so apologies for any formatting crappiness.
jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality
it seemed like almost every time we lost a fight, i'd be blamed, or told i was "feeding" (basically doing something so stupid that it helps the enemy), even when it wasn't my fault.
i'm sorry if this doesn't fit in or sounds too biased.
obviously i feel she overreacted, but am i the asshole?
friend's grandma to give you hug too
but my husband’s...interactions...with this thing have always gotten under my skin.
such maneuver also drags out the game session, making it longer than normal.
aita for taking issue with this?
historical archives: a jest for you
4th grader panics upon realizing classmate giving presentation had exact same summer as he did
you can’t just cut out 20-30% of your lifestyle and just be ok right?
so, i'm a junior computer science student and i started classes last week.
when we experience an event, our brain does not store the actual event.
mainly i enjoyed just talking with her and opening up about things i could never tell anyone else, things i haven't ever told my therapist.
no one knows about it except the parties involved, sometimes i worry about what my friends and family would think so i guess i just want reddits opinion given the context aita?
my first reaction is to keep him from seeing it just because i wouldn't have been able to, wibta if i did?
besides it’s the artists job to get the drawing right not me!
&#x200b; in order to get my drivers licence back, i need to stop having seizures for a noteworthy amount of time.
anyway, i am just so pissed at her, she also gave away my jumper cables to my brother (i bought them when i lived there and didn’t take them) and she seems to just completely dismiss it.
i really do admit that i'm the asshole for blowing up at her and for not being there for her during a tender moment, like she had been there for me.
my gas is generally pretty mild, so he is reacting more to the concept of a fart than the actual smell.
they screamed at me for the rest of the night, saying i was an asshole but i tried to explain that it was only meant as a joke.
it was really, really close, but i changed my mind and i asked if we could play games or something.
tony blair apparently not british prime minister anymore
she just needs a place to stay".
child assured most monsters do not exist
coworker even a dick in his expense reports
i come back to the table i was stationed at, sat down.
immigrant child still hoping to achieve american dream of better cage
i argue that she's the one who should be communicative.
with this information, i expected to get a car for about a year, but as grad came and went i never got a car.
he kept approaching her at his own peril.
you will receive a confirmation email as soon as the refund is processed.
i'm also worried that we'll end up with a ton of additional debt and nothing to show for it if her employer doesn't actually pay (for example if she doesn't get good enough grades.) right now, we're comfortable and financially ready to support ourselves and a baby.
my contact says that i should have told them i wanted all of it since i was the one doing things weird.
so, seriously, i'm only worried that there's going to be a stranger in the house with my stuff and it's not like my ex is going to be there all the time, so i'm worried about my things being messed with.
aide interrupts event to inform bush about 10th anniversary of 9/11
we got home, dinner, tea, etc...then went to bed around 11:30pm.
the issue that's arisen is my wife's work travel schedule.
as my partner is a non smoker i generally skip out on the after work cig but it had been a long week so i asked him if he minded hanging out after work with the team while we had our 10 minutes of socialising.
a couple of days in and i'm in a different place on an air mattress.
but i asked some other friends and they told me she was already gone.
man celebrates raise company will eventually use to justify firing him
it looks kinda cool, i'm going to bid on it." while we were waiting for the printer to go up for bid, hubs was on his phone.
aita for not telling my roommate that i own a gun (and keep it in our house)?
however, wibta if i just sort of left?
jackpot...they must have been waiting on me!" so i got down to my underwear, pulled them down in the front and went over and started kissing and rubbing all over angela.
now i know this is probably just going to sound like a teenager rambling about doing chores.
and of course there's the fact that this is literally my first time managing my own paycheck and monthly expenses so i'm still hesitant about things and learning.
sean spicer walking around white house in sunglasses and baseball cap to avoid press
they argue that it shouldn’t be an issue for my girlfriend to take me, because we are in a relationship and you make sacrifices for each other.
in my life i've felt pretty shit for long periods of time but atm i'm doing great.
school of the arts aims to transform boys and girls into insufferable young men and women
apparently he’d been talking to his gf or something, and when he sees me in the seat, he told me to get out, something he’d never done before.
say to us, “i don’t want to spend my money on you.” and stop bitching about how you have no money.
i want to point out that until the auction on december 1st, he had never said anything about wanting a 3d printer.
curiosity rover finds 5 bucks on mars
i heard a lot about ghosting these days and i don’t know it makes me feel kind of bad?
it turned out that she also liked me and their relationship was going downhill for some time.
friend gearing up to hate the hulk
so what do you think guys, am i the asshole?
she says i'm forgetting the fact that she did not get drunk, despite everything.
deceitful woman deviously alters appearance to give illusion of youth, fertility
then h responds and says that she would like the remaining month rent and the necessities paid for at least and the current month's rent by my next paycheck (this is the first time i had heard any specific deadlines).
2 of my other friends also speak the language to varying degrees, mostly at a conversational level.
closed-door meeting to determine future of honey-roasted peanuts
i told her she didn't even ask me to, and that we've talked about this before we moved in, but she says that because i live in the house i can't afford not to clean and that she can't believe i couldn't take some time off studies (was studying for a test tomorrow) to sweep the house.
somewhat recently my girlfriend of several years informed me that she may be bisexual, and has evidently for some time had thoughts about whether or not she's completely 'straight'.
basically, she stands around telling me how to cook certain things and i find it quite annoying, especially because i need to cook multiple things before the other guests arrive, and i really don't need the added stress.
mom and sis also hate that they're sexually active and that he wants to move in with her after graduating college next year.
do you want to come watch now?" "just watch your movie." *noises of bafflement, movie resumes* so, now i'm sitting here by myself, trying to ignore the sounds of one of my favorite movies.
we think it's strange, but harmless, and really are tired of this and want him to sober up.
however, my allowance comes from my other parent (pb) who doesn’t even live in the same state as us.
tl;dr group of annoying loud kids put trash on my table, i put it on their, they threw it at me, i threw it back, alpha male of group threatens me.
i've seen other players use to to good effect.
she shares all her passwords with everyone because all her passwords are the same exact password, from netflix and wifi, to serious accounts like banks.
brad pitt promises 1,000 years of peace
labor dept. creates 20,000 new hobbies for nation's jobless
unfortunately, her last name looks and sounds exactly like an obscene english word that is used to describe a sexual act.
deeply held conviction immediately dropped after friend half-heartedly disagrees
i said that for every $10 people donated to the make-a-wish foundation, individuals would get a raffle ticket.
she ended up having to ask her boss for a lift home, which she paid for through her wages.
he did manage to get threw school and drove back to home after school.
aita for yelling at my boyfriend when he laughed at me?
therefore, i kept the spirit of the promise - i did not put pressure on my girlfriend to go further sexually when i could tell that she did not want to - but i may have broken the wording of the promise.
new bin laden tape contains three previously unreleased monologues
aita for getting mad at a friend for quitting in a video game?
i denied this but in retrospect he was a genius since the symptoms disappeared after i dumped her a few months later.
later that day, i’m sitting with nick and it hits me.
the people who replaced them smoked a big hookah indoors.
so, she got back and asked me to help her decorate it.
anyways im pretty pissed because i assumed we would not be there for very long, and that i was maybe looking at an hour total, meal included.
michael j. fox reluctantly fields hoverboard question during parkinson's research benefit
neil armstrong's wife glad to finally get rid of all the space hobby crap
i say “no, i’ll do it”.
lazy event planner throws 'bags of ice'–themed party
man sort of curious what his last straw is going to be
we would continue having conversations, and she told me at one point about how she threw up after drinking 23 shots after going out to eat with friends.
i don’t know what to do but aita?
only to have my boyfriend call me a self-centered asshole.
wellesley college removes phrase 'hot all-girl action' from school brochure
a few weeks later, and about a month since the fight, i ask if i could get the gift to her somehow.
e: she was aware of what's happening with me at work.
aita for rejecting a girl because she rejected me in before?
i created this throwaway account so my friends don’t find out about my family issues on reddit.
teacher hoping students can tell he was once popular
i would feel negligent to not report these hypothetical “edgelords” to the police.
i talked to john and explained i felt like it would be a good thing for me to return anthony's skateboard.
my ex (24) and i (19) broke up about two months ago for a whole bunch of reasons.
i am every name under the sun if i don't do what is asks of me and then i must forgive everything and act like there is no issue without an apology.
one day he did say hi to me, and i walked away from him with saying hi back because i thought he was being fake.
she declined, so i said sure, i'll just make for myself.
in retrospect i should’ve just gotten out of the chair, but what do you think?
aita for staying in an open relationship with my best friend and roommate i started dating my best friend chris when we were in high school, after we graduated we chose the same university and found an apartment together.
gym teacher still remembers names of every former pantywaist
passersby can't help but stare at woman's huge kids
tl;dr: i got an earthquake warning app that sometimes gives false positives, which scare some of my coworkers.
i was massively affected by it and went on downwards spiral of depression and my confidence was basically destroyed.
u.s. dollar drops against counterfeit u.s. dollar
poll: 68% of americans believe lee harvey oswald acted like asshole
first three months pass by, and they start not going to school, missing classes, not paying attention and speaking in class.
karen pence returns to work as part-time nude art model
trump trying to figure out how to unsubscribe from boring national security email list
new toyota suv holds eight passengers and their suvs
i mentioned that it really freaked me out and had asked that she inform my next time.
we’ll deal with it next semester, because unfortunatly she’s likely to be my roommate again given the limited girls in our program.
obese doctors urge nation to eat three meals a meal
so my question is not really whether that was the wrong words to use as i think that can be universally agreed upon.
we would usually just play card/board games and grab a bite, and i wouldn't ever get drunk or anything.
she is considering marriage and kids with her current partner and i think the increased affection from her comes from the fact that at the moment her relationship is long distance and she is lonely.
usa today crossword puzzle grants false sense of intelligence
annoying man more annoying after skydiving
she watches the bachelor show where it's a bunch of dudes and girls on a beach and pretty much the entire time the guys are shirtless and the women are in bikinis.
mind you, she is known to take late work.
aita for playing along with l’s humor in the immediate presence of t?
sister-in-law got really pushy about it considering she kept telling us not to worry about it.
grandpa looking absolutely precious in new baseball cap
my doctor refused twice to give me a temporary disabled parking permit.
i understand maybe telling me to not to do that out of respect but she reacted very negatively and called me an asshole, which came as a shock.
so i want to know am i the ass for doing this to ivanna?
noone said anything about it that night and noone complained.
i suggest that they order the next round on their way out from the bar to the street so the bartender can make the drinks while they smoke, and save everyone a few minutes of waiting.
jeff is not exactly struggling with to pass his classes, but his grades are rather low and he doesn't have much hope for his future.
nation rallies around ronald mcdonald statue that embodies country's true heritage
and trying to get her out of a potentially abusive scenario?
parent now just typing 4-year-old child's every word verbatim throughout day as facebook post
i am looking for fixes rather than being told i should end my life or break up.
livestock happiest, healthiest attendees of state fair
man methodically explains origin behind every poster hanging in apartment
aita for texting my ex's girlfriend?
she comes along, we have a fun night, and i’m driving her home because she’s been drinking.
aita for believing an entire game development company shouldn't all take holiday vacation at the same time?
feeling the spotlight of attention on me, i kinda got nervous and tried to salvage it by saying "sorry i was using observational humour ha ha".
* point 2: he was being recklessly aggressive.
my wife stays at home and looks after him when he's there but doesn't really do much housework.
c is the same major as me so we bonded over that, occasionally going to lunch together and i helped her find a tutor once.
back to the conversation… after she told me, i started laughing, and asked if she was joking.
two new burger king sandwiches negate each other
crude but functional starbucks hewn from rock facing
pebble just bounces off big toad
i haven’t had this talk with him again, it’s been months, and nothing has changed.
she would frequently come into class on test day telling me she "had no time to study" because "took a 3-hour nap" and only had time to get here.
he seemed fine with going alone for what would be 4 hours total just to get a few pills.
he laughed at the first few, but then out of no where he goes ballistic when "braided hair of clone hitler" came up.
yesterday, me and her watched episodes 3-6 of a show i had already started ("back with the ex" on netflix) until we both had to sleep.
mute, terrified rubio awakes to find self unable to vocalize any unscripted sentiment
shocked vladimir putin slowly realizing he didn't conspire with trump campaign
this made me sick to my stomach and i'm so worried about the guy.
the next week, i discovered that 1) she wouldn't talk to me anymore (it's actually her parents who forbid her) 2) i had essentially lost all of our common friends, which went with her.
for her it's great because she got to kiss a guy and gets to keep playing volleyball with her friends.
democratic scouts head to tampa to get closer look at mitt romney
aita for not going to a pep rally my school is having?
i laughed, and asked if she was joking, and said i'm not interested in her, she got mad and left.
they hang awkwardly in her mouth and i know that must be uncomfortable.
aging mount st. helens starting to think erupting days are behind it
or is my family just babying her?
we've talked to each other a couple times but we barely know each other.) at this point i see the opportunity and decide to mess with him a little.
i got told that it was late and that i was starting to be toxic (???), she accused me of telling people she's a bad coach (which i'm guessing is referring to my conversation with the other coach?), then she stopped responding to me.
3-year-old pretending stuffed animals having big fight about accidental pregnancy
we've never really been friends but we've still kept in contact over the years from mutual friends and get togethers.
although i could just be being a brat about this.
thousands of students forced to attend iowa state after university sets acceptance rate to 140%
lawyers identify dozens more bill cosby victims while interviewing potential jurors
teacher wishes she could inspire one of the more popular students
i told her just now that i'm sick of her instagram hobby and she called me an asshole because this is her job.
report: peaceful transfer of power makes last-minute push to become most pressing issue of 2016 election
so i guess he’s just a pretty private person towards everyone, which made me feel a little better.
mark-paul gosselaar obviously authored own imdb trivia
nation begs disaffected youth gravitating toward neo-nazism to get high and play xbox instead
eta: yep, i’d be the asshole.
i know you may be thinking: that’s so nice of her, how cute, etc… but i honestly felt like it was weird.
who do you think they'll side with?" then she said she was going to call the cops.
h.r. 2651 fans storm senate floor after passage of bill
i eat almost 4,000 calories a day to maintain my average build.
&#x200b; **(**the next year was a bit complicated for me by the fact that she was in a class with all our common friends.
ikea ceo wants new desk on his desk by end of day
aita for dropping my(13m) sisters(15f) old laptop and not thinking it as much of a big deal.
when i asked her friends for their opinion on the situation, they told me that the girl was rather shy and really had been busy lately.
she just said she thought i hated him and i do, i told her i wouldve sucked it up and she should have known.
nation's flag nerds anxiously watching d.c. statehood push
i proceeds to tell friend 1 i would not lie on his behalf and tell them the truth if they asked.
so i just continued to ask him to recover my possessions.
neighbor's house fire kind of beautiful, actually
nation's parents announce they have zero fucking patience for this bullshit
we had talked about this once and it bothers me that i have to keep talking to her about the air.
pope francis on vatican abuse scandal: 'just tell me whose feet to wash'
vilsack reprimanded for spending work hours writing corn blog
eric trump scolds father that he mustn't inquire about the businesses, for he's sworn not to tell
yosemite expands lodging accommodations with new log cabin high-rises
i’m staying with grandparents for the holidays, we’re skiing and stuff.
i asked how they would get this job experience without a degree.
my parents decided to bear through this humiliation because i was in high school and they didn’t want to me to lose out on the best opportunities because of this asshole.
aita if i cancel my plans to go on an overseas trip with my friends just because i don't feel like it?
area man to ask his doctor about xenical, propecia, claritin, paxil, drixoral, lipitor, tavist-d
jeff sessions argues family separations only happening because current law doesn't allow him to strangle immigrants with bare hands
corrugated-cardboard lobby once again rates all 535 congressmen 'poor' on corrugated-cardboard-related issues
teen boulder can't wait for landslide to roll it into ravine where they get it
however, today (sat 12/1) is the same day as an all-day event for my high school.
or the exact words were "we want to level the playing field as were a heavily male dominated industry" i called this sexist.
krill-eating whale too fucking cowardly to prey on something its own size
new study finds employee morale drastically improves after watching coworker throw fit
historical archives: popular hymns heard sung of late.
then i blocked him on everything (instagram, whatsapp) and the last thing i heard from him was when a mutual friend told me he tried to kill himself (not sure how serious his attempt was) and now recently after 6 months of absolutely no contact another friend told me that he had a new gf, i looked into his instagram and saw a couple of pictures, and seeing how happy they are hurt me very much.
but i come home from work, and what do i see the case for, laying atop the dvd player?
i really didn't feel like she was acting like herself and i started to get worried about her.
(i know there are other options) 2) i am used to dealing with periods.
i always try to be kind, but i know that it’s still obvious that i’m brushing them off in the hopes they’ll stop talking to me/ being around me.
i've pulled out the books right in front of her and started working on lessons or whatever and gotten no reaction at all.
west virginia celebrates as 32 die in non-mining-related accident
eventually i talk her into going to couples counseling with me and the therapist suggested that we should schedule some time to ourselves, pick an activity and do it alone.
so, wibta by not showing up?
the kids are running around screaming and crying.
authorities say dozens of bystanders failed to act as man went about his life
i roomed with my best friend for 5 months.
when we got back, we were approaching the end of january.
i was playing with her when my other buddy joined the call and we played a couple games.
she kept insisting she wanted to go home and she didn’t want to wait any longer.
it finally escalates to me just ignoring the issue with the table all together and asking them what color does he want the other items he ordered in.
so i waited in line while they dealt with a really rude dude at the front.
he freaked out at me for snitching on him.
by this time i was in contact with an aunt who found out what happened to me at my hometown and offered me a place to live for as long as i wanted while i get my life on track.
terrified jeb bush beginning to fade from visible spectrum
weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
woman thinks she can just waltz back into work after maternity leave without bringing baby to office
i argue it should go to auction, she argues he can do what he wants with it.
you can look back through our texts and tell me it wasn't serious but you know how i am and you know about my past relationships.
people in my environment know i just want my friends to be safe.
i will be working in the morning so i can clean up what you leave.
anyways, my point was that i was as nice and understanding to her as possible considering the situation and i felt and still feel like a shit human even though i don’t feel i did anything morally wrong.
i know from the title it sounds less than great but please read the whole post.
i assumed then she would understand my day to day issues because she's abused too, so i started coming to her with my issues.
he is really nice man but the trauma of losing his wife led him to pamper him and silently enable him in being absolutely disrespectful and degrading to my parents.
gay marriage opponents warn supreme court ruling could put nation on slippery slope to rationality
some additional explanation; i am a parent to a 14 year old who is involved in a couple extracurricular activities.
u.s. consumers announce plan to get one of those
death row inmate saving some of last meal for between execution attempts
b: it was not you bringing it up - it was your reaction when i told you no.
image: edit 2: i did fix it today, i was going to my car anyway when i noticed and snapped a picture before getting in.
they don't know when that will be, but assuming my sister's horse euthanasia isn't scheduled within a day and isn't the other day they're sitting, yeah they can watch my other kid.
we hadn't had sex yet, but i have to be honest him not even asking was a really nice change.
'the bachelor' accused of leveraging his power as a reality tv star to lure 30 women to california mansion
she was pretty much the baby of the family, spoiled rotten.
the shoes aren’t the only thing in this chain of events but is the most prominent
she keeps looking at me the whole night.
so over the course of 2 weeks, after i got home i spent 2 weeks growing more distant, talking more and more about the trip i'd taken and how much fun i'd had, and how i wished she'd be more interesting too.
however i am in very good shape and i have a pretty face.
panicked malcolm gladwell realizes latest theory foretells end of his popularity
my friend is someone very special, and very close to me.
so 13 kids had no teacher, but they had enough time to find one, right?...
her family are all either her age or older aside from her younger sister (16) and half have reasonable jobs which keep them afloat, the other half do not and get a lot from welfare.
so on an average day, the man would be performing 5 tsas, whereas the woman would only be performing 3.5.
well, she knocked on my door at 10:30 pm, and i gave her the milk and eggs i got into because i thought she needed them.
2012 marvel handbook casually reveals peter parker uncircumcised
but that is not my body, nor one i see on the regular so to each their own.
alan colmes' death goes unreported on hannity & colmes
santa signs legislation to help special-wants children
'squi' rockets to most popular baby name of 2018
he then told me that i was greedy and selfish for keeping the bag of chips for myself.
area woman has already figured out who killed the vicar
critics accuse new movie of glorifying sex
world leaders hope singapore summit will lead to north korea becoming normal impoverished country they don't have to think about
man looking up at tall building thinking about, you know
now around early-mid january i had only seen f once and hadn’t managed to break up because like i said i’m not good at it and just didn’t manage it.
but right now she’s driving me insane with constantly worrying and it’s making me just want to distance myself from that aspect of our relationship.
all of the real life people tell me i'm being perfectly rational, but i'd like some unbiased opinion on if i'm the asshole in this situation.
my cousin who suffers similarly has always escaped any consequences and is given anything it takes to get her to stay quiet and to behave.
am i the asshole for not continuing to ask them to hangout even though it feels like i get rejected every time?
going-out-of-business sign thanks neighborhood for 3 months of no support whatsoever
he was still awesome in every other way it’s just that he stopped being interested in me sexually and intimately.
(i'm pretty sure about this decision which is why i'm not posting it on the relationship_advice subreddit).
new study finds most of earth's oxygen used for complaining
well the car that hit me was almost brand new and was totaled.
trump: 'i am a very stupid human being'
nation's cuckolded husbands gear up for first day of hunting season with wives' lovers
for calling my sibling fat and they need to lose some weight.
school teacher not about to risk her life for derek
i told him that god didn't make your meal and anyway that rant pursued.
i would truly appreciate views from males and females of all ages with or without experience in the girl and boys scouts and will take all opinions under advisement, because as of the time of this posting, i'm still salty about our difference of opinion.
whole school flocks to her to support her and she’s given special privileges.
i had belonged to a support group that my hospital's trans clinic connected me to, and they announced a camp for transgender children.
so they asked why i would even set them on a vegan diet, even though in nature they would still hunt other animals and eat them.
nasa catches glimpse of hard-charging curiosity rover just before insight's communications go dark
sitcom resorts to wizard of oz-themed fantasy episode
local mother clips article about benefits of vitamin e
despite this in my capacity as head of my company i have to play the role of a social butterfly.
i explained to her that i was only joking though, and she understood.
'diary of anne frank' found in attic
he informed me that it wasn’t my responsibility to check up on b.
she had to pay for the funeral herself and arrange it all.
my boyfriend was startled, because who wouldn’t be for getting yelled at right in the morning.
she wants me to pretend to be a home invader, and to ravage her while her her make believe husband (a body pillow cuffed to a chair) is forced to watch.
before the bus arrived, i made a joke that caused her to laugh so hard that she pulled a facial muscle, and ended the night on a good note.
she was now the "odd one out" when it came to weight.
i don't hate them, i don't think they're awful people.
i only want these specific things because i bought them for her after she had been cheating on me already, and well, i don't feel she deserves them, especially since they were pretty expensive.
when they are outside i grab both their drinks and finish them.
she then says something along the lines of "don't call me that.
president's american manufacturing council down to ceo of shoe carnival
family enters crisis talks after learning restaurant has 45-minute wait
i don't know if i made a hasty decision.
so between all of that, i would say my mom is raising my daughter.
he paid for my brothers braces and dental work all out of pocket.
at first we were both in love but as time passed i've fallen out of love.
7-year-old transfers friend's obituary onto silly putty for posterity
nation could probably draw john boehner from memory at this point
these two cars were all alone at that cross section.
to clarify some assumptions: - i never said my wife is saving for our flat (it's not exclusively for the flat, but can be) - i never said that i'm not saving (i'm saving at least twice as her - because of the income gap) - i never pressured or even asked her how much is she spending/why on her salary.
i didn't want to tell amy for a few reasons.
we, along with 5 other people (who all have been previously hospitalized for depression) ratted her out for obliviously lying about having depression.
relationship experts still no closer to discovering what scarlett johansson sees in colin jost
depressed nation really did not think it would take them this long to get over death of jack klugman
sometimes i go out with them to movies the far and other stuff.
she jumps up and says, "did you just ask me to shush?" i say yes and she jumps up and unplugs the christmas lights and storms off to bed.
regardless of what's happened, he is a great guy; he's great looking, great job in finance, amazing with kids, steady while being a lot of fun.
i have to go to the post office frequently at the end of the work day to send out certified mailings.
so after this ordeal i went out and bought a maga hat (while i am conservative and agree with some of what he does, i am not someone that you would call a "trump supporter").
he is way bigger" i have spent most of the last couple days in the shower crying but i don't regret it.
she only earns about 16k-20k per annum as it's a minimum wage job.
aita for making my husband mad or is he the asshole for calling me names?
i call bs and am attacked by all her family and college friends backing up her story.
if you were trying to get your best friend hired somewhere, would you also try to get other people hired too?
we’ve had this conversation before and it never ends well to keep the peace, i kept most of my feelings to myself and have just been inwardly upset and bothered by it.
&#x200b; me: which text had accusations?
she got mad and told me to fuck off.
there were times when we had ten minutes to air the place out before her arrival, and she still couldn't smell it.
man planning to rub up against strangers wondering where train is already
i hadn't drank alcohol since 1am, i thought i had escaped nausea.
there's your upfront warning so you can click away if you don't want to read a long thing about a bunch of gaming bullshit.
'it's step, twist, step, dammit!' yells leotard-wearing, cigarette-smoking john kelly while choreographing upcoming military parade
hypochondriac maple tree always convinced it has asian longhorn beetles
i had only taken one chair.
we were quite a match made in heaven.
i do these screenings to make sure theyre ready for long term commitments and arent just after my money.
aita for asking a woman when the baby was due when she wasn’t actually pregnant?
i hate seeing her in so much pain and i admire her ability to hold it together.
new domino's app allows customer to track pizza's movement through digestive system
report: america ready for third ketchup brand
this would literally be one of those "but the exposure!!" kinds of things.
i just feel like her family can no longer guarantee a safe environment for my daughter to stay in.
&nbsp;&nbsp; **update** : okay so i felt like a huge piece of shit so i called tim.
we arrived at the hotel, and my aunt suddenly starts to favor my female cousin (who is not her daughter, mind you, she's the daughter of my great aunt) over my older sister (both aged 24) buying her drinks and earrings and such.
i bought another car and sold my half of the original one to a.
rural working-class archbishops come out in droves to welcome trump to vatican
report: greatest factor in employee retention boss sending out end-of-year note titled 'thanks team'
they’re so much trouble in the world, why are we getting upset at a video game company trying to make money?
we found out 2 years ago my wife is gluten intolerant, she has celiac's desease and gets very ill if she ingests gluten.
she never actively looked for work but uses these stupid job agencies that gets her a job lasting about 3 weeks.
i'm flustered by this but i ask again politely, "please, bro.
'once they put me on cheeses, i will finally be happy,' says costco employee handing out free vienna sausage samples
aita for dumping my ex by text .....
she seemed appalled at the suggestion.
so naturally i spent the next 45 minutes discussing what our course of action was to get around this situation.
mafia breaks off diplomatic relations with cia
of course they don't like you.
i said something like yeah it's fine, then i left.
no problem; i rake those up all the time and pay to take them to the dump *at my expense.* that is both custom and law pretty much around all the u.s.
i have semi-high functioning autism and she's a moderate neurotypical and she never really understood my plight with autism.
exhausted, defeated voters finally beginning to relate to hillary clinton
aita for making my mother "walk on eggshells" around me?
about two months goes by and i hadn’t said anything about it, because we work different hours so he’s not home when i’m there and it’s just an old mower i had.
so here's where this became a big problem.
so we were having a discussion about some regulations or practices and pablo points out that tony was doing something incorrectly.
so neither of them are 100% sure if it’s his kid.
rockstar games begins imprisoning programmers for 'red dead redemption 3'
aita in this situation so this happened recently, i am in year 8 (we are all 13, plus sorry if i am too young) and there is this kid lets call him b and he is 14 or 15.
&#x200b; m: of course my text didn't acknowledge that because i cannot acknowledge what i don't know.
florida police warn public against taking law into own hands unless it's that law specifically designed for you to do that
i can't find information on caring it.
however she recently sexted me that she wanted me to make her walk naked through the streets while its freezing tonight.
i texted the whole family and exposed my aunt.
hungover guillermo del toro panics after realizing he promised to write new movie for everyone at oscars after-party
offbeat squirrel in park garnering cult following
geithner refuses to come down off capitol dome
i become passive aggressive at times and say things about how i'm feeling really upset and mad because she still didn't give me a rock solid answer as to why.
the paragraphs that follow happen over the course of a week and a half: obviously it was a bit messy, because he still lived with me.
grad school is more about learning rather than getting the grade; that's why we take classes to learn, not to get an easy a and waste our time not having learned anything.
then he grabbed the other one and broke its neck too.
noisy upstairs neighbors wake man at 3 p.m.
aita if i refuse to adhere to a wedding's specific dress code?
i'm under 18, so they had to tell my parents.
politicians ignoring the dangers of jowl implants
plan for future still involves drumming for lifehouse
i text the dad letting him know what gift he "got" for our kid, when he tells me he's not getting him anything.
he decides it would be a funny idea to kick the damn thing at my legs (with it still alive).
security guard can't afford to relax for so much as six hours
study: 0% of people die from getting fingers lodged in bowling ball and being dragged down lane
they never listened and kept letting their dog run around the neighborhood, and unfortunately, the dog ran into the road and got hit by a car and passed away.
right now it’s 4:00 in the afternoon and i am playing at a moderate level.
initially, i agreed to this because she is my best friend and we are good friends.
for the last several months i pretend to have an orgasm and then quickly go into the bathroom and finish myself off.
bella refused to do it because she felt "uncomfortable" and didn't want to be put in that situation and encouraged me to either collect the card myself, or cancel the membership (which i couldn't afford to do).
edit 1: grammer edit 2: i didn't make it clear that i didn't want to get my pants soaked so i did not use them to dry myself
most of the time they ask for money and i don’t feel bad about saying no because idk what they using that money for.
the hard part for me now is not being able to see what was holding us together before this split.
next minute she comes back in, looks at her food, says “i said i didn’t want to eat” and threw all the food i made in the trash - and then stormed off again.
so, there is a mean old lady living two floors below me.
"take it," he says with his arms up and eyes wide like i'm crazy.
me: you're welcome to them i just don't understand why you would ask then do the opposite of what i said.
i haven't said anything to my bf ever since i got out of the car but i really want to break up with him.
me and my wife have been married for two years.
breaking: has the word 'breaking' lost all its meaning?
grandma guts it out through lunch on sunny patio
man only buys products made right here in the usa by cheap immigrant labor
larry king's frothing saliva hosed off bette midler
cnn graphic designer asked to combine dollar sign, syringe, fighter jets, panda
i want to be clear so i'm not completely one sided, after 2 years of the physical abuse, i did not trust him.
another neighbor went around trying to figure out who might have reported them.
one day, my friend messages me into our class group chat.
(it doesn't stop there, she knew i had *touched* a diesel truck at work one morning as soon as i walked into the house *that night* because she could somehow smell it on me.
am i the asshole if i just say "lazy eye" and unmatch her?
took him up on the offer a month later.
it is dual-enrolled through my local community college, and the students who choose to take such courses typically care about their learning and are dedicated to academic success.
i just don't have room for that.
tl,dr: talked to her online for some time, there was something going on between us, now revealed to me that she was in a relationship but still wants me to visit her and be her partner for a graduation party.
it makes me nervous because even though i don’t have anything illegal in my room, i don’t know if my roommate does and i don’t want the risk of getting in legal trouble.
new history channel program explores what would have happened if history channel never existed
area man crawling on ground like pig to plug macbook power cord behind desk
christ appears in roman court to contest 2,000-year-old riot charges
and my uncle won't take me to other states in the us, so i have just been causing havoc when i can.
my aunt brought up that she had an addiction to reading too much news, notably saying that she read the wall street journal.
i know i'd be an asshole for stealing him from his gf, but if he's genuinely not interested in her and just using her as a cover/for sex, is it justified?
yet now that he is dead i just do not care.
she said "i never made enough." i go back and grab the casing from the food, i go up to her and say "then i guess your not family" while pointing at the stuffer meal package size and i walk away.
detroit begs nation to just give it something, anything, to manufacture
i had forgotten that a long time ago she confessed to me that when she was in the 3rd grade she had gotten sexually abused everyday by her female cousin for 3 months straight.
nearly 9 months after i moved out i met her fuck boy.
i come back into their conversation and l says he's going back out to smoke some more.
the premise of anyone asking aita, prefaces that op doesn't know, is unsure, or too inept.
chief justice roberts putters around house all day in gray sweat robe
guitar-instruction manual has eddie van halen on cover, 'go tell aunt rhody' inside
new after-school program aims to keep children off streets for additional 45 minutes
aita if i want to be a german shepherd dog breeder?
all accepted submitters get a copy of the magazine for free for themselves and their friends and family, of course &#x200b; am i the asshole?
i also didnt want to put up with being third wheeled that night either.
5 minutes turned into 10, 15, 20 minutes.
excercise ball all the way over there
i thought i'd be fine with it but i wasn't.
i thought they would be proud of me because i stood up to my former bully and even beat him.
it feels wrong to me but she said to me that i wasn't being helpful.
we also made plans to travel around ōsaka (and west japan in general), where i visited her in november and stayed for four days.
and i stand during games at our home stadium, anyways a lady comes up behind me an asks if i can sit down, because she can't see.
relationship in exciting early stage where every exchange causes unspeakable anxiety
burden of parental expectation available in youth sizes
am i the asshole for not wanting her to keep that friend anymore?
robin williams inflicted on holiday moviegoers for eighth straight year
child buried in backyard under popsicle-stick cross
so i said "shhhhh" to her.
michael jackson estate releases new documentary alleging king of pop gets lifetime pass for 'thriller'
academy honors retiring daniel day-lewis with small farewell happy hour in dolby theatre kitchen
even consumer's subconscious can tell banner ad campaign ineffective
well i went into their bedroom to get something and there was lube on the nightstand.
i guess i should start by saying i am, by no means, homophobic.
gop throws all financial support behind one candidate
this is by her design as i really wanted to try to work things out after.
cool, he gets there that night and he wants to cuddle.
mom triumphantly drags hotel pool lounge chair back to family like fresh kill
me and my wife have been together for 5 years, married for 3 and had our first kid about a year ago.
i know where the car is, though, and once i get in (after my 5 minute walk back), she says, "so you made it." i reply, "yeah, but you didn't have to call me a retard over the phone." we proceed to yell at each other, her blaming me for not picking up the phone (my phone has a prepaid sim card and i ran out of money.
lazy daredevil to lie across 12 couches
area bird creeped out by bird watcher
man builds house he designed when he was eight years old
&#x200b; whilst at my friend's party, i stumbled upon my ex.
aita for yelling at my sister for not seeing our imprisoned elderly father on his birthday.
i eat probably 3/4ths of them before she gets a chance to touch them that night.
nation's pansies announce plan to slowly acclimate to pool
dukes of hazzard sharply declines in kitsch value
carl accused me of trying to scam him because i wanted to speak with the driver instead of the office personnel.
report: more american fifth-graders taking gap year to unwind before middle school
aita for feeling upset that my girlfriend is more impacted over stan lee's death than my father's death.
bush extremely proud of new suit
regardless they have a pharmacy there so i figured it would be easier to just pick up my medicine there, instead of going to my usual riteaid.
jerry lewis undergoes emergency gefloigel surgery
hollywood announces plan to remake jimmy stewart
al roker strongly considers retiring from creating the weather
i was like this for about 6 months, then met this wonderful girl who bought me back to a normal state.
i highly doubt that girls parents have any kind of home alarm system.
a gift is a gift, right?
leno to tell outrageous o.j. joke
i also make this absolutely clear.
she had never been a big drinker, she disliked bars, didn't like the taste of most alcohol.
for the last few months, every day i take a picture of him sleeping before i find my seat.
i laughed and said i wouldn’t give him any money if i won.
aita for making out with one of my friends ?
in both cases i tried to stay calm and relaxed to avoid an actual argument and keep it a friendly debate but in both cases they got very testy with me and in the case of the abortion debate i admittedly got testy back because it is something i am passionate about.
he informed me that he was looking for a relationship, and i told him that i was looking for a long-term fwb or a relationship (if i found the right person).
horrible boogie boarding accident leaves man totally bummed below the neck
temperature of coffee expected to rise nine degrees by end of 21st century
it was nice and we talked about hey maybe we should make this a regular thing.
no one in ballet audience realizes how bad dancers smell
today my friend came over to spend the night and she made me a cup of tea, i was instantly suspicious because when i was younger my grandmother used to put my adhd pills (which i told her i didn't want to take because they made me feel terrible) into a pumpkin pie to make me take them.
so now i'm second-guessing myself and i guess he actually wants to go with us.
without the headset, she wouldn't be able to talk to him anyway, even if i don't take the ram, and without the keyboard/mouse, well, she can't even log on her pc.
if it is relevant, i do have a steady job and she was not going to be making any money for the first few months.
dnc honors historic nominee by dropping broken glass shards from ceiling
bitter concession speeches the only things americans looking forward to in upcoming midterms
gallant man extremely concerned about drunk woman's welfare
ex-sniper shot dead after surviving years in harrowing united states
she called back, i said i couldn't talk to her at the moment, that i was happy for her win and didn't want to ruin it.
they didn't for a really long time, so i called her again to ask her if she was okay.
thom yorke admits vast majority of musical output fueled by constant fear of being one-upped by coldplay
vacationing couple to try something they don't like
paramount hoping overseas market will be dumb enough to embrace latest piece of shit
what irked me was her saying that it was impossible that he's an illegal immigrant because...i don't know.
aita, for telling an overweight girl to lose some weight?
x is known to overreact to everything and seek for attention.
we basically have 3 weeks to make like..
more americans putting off marriage until ultimatum
aita for eating after an old lady told me to stop?
i feel bad about trying to help, and think i ruined his chances with her.
his ts acts up and he can start to tic uncontrollably.
some fucking guy at warner bros. wondering what shooting of 12 means for ticket sales
i'm the asshole who almost lost the love of my life, and most of you were right - it wasn't over restaurants.
he has complained about this before but never the theme changes.
he is also addressing challenges that come with living with adult family members, one of which is retired and bringing in a small pension and the other that has had a job for a total of three months in the past 10 years and stays in the bedroom drinking most days.
edit 3: talked to gb and he said that the reason they broke up was because he wanted ger to do something completely unreasonable and when she said no it really pissed him off so he cheated on her.
--- the date --- i arrive at the time we agreed which was about ~20 minutes before the exhibition started.
lack of media interest makes genocide cover-up unnecessary
i started conversations every now and then too but not as much.
&#x200b; when i told my sister i hated the idea of getting another dog in the house, we had a debate about it.
he also had a girlfriend at the time, who i’ll call gwen.
(i am well aware we ain't at april).
this is gonna be a bit long.
i am probably twice his muscle mass and he is my friend so instead of instigating i said “i know you aren’t going to hit me so just calm down” and he walks away and i just laughed at the situation in general (i am always joking or laughing about something so this is not unusual).
but his ground rules were strange and always changing.
i had even waited out front for 10 min when it said he left the store.
we ended up at my place and slept together.
but not if he's not manicured.
am i the a hole for saying ill be cool about it, and then hella blowing up?
a recent change of law where we live makes this possible.
nate silver projects super tuesday results using microscopic electorate grown in petri dish
my father attended college, but had to drop out cause no one could afford his tuition even though it was $1200 a year and it was a community college.
the reason why i never bring anything?
critics blast al gore's documentary as 'realistic'
aita for throwing apple cores out of my car i don't throw plastic or processed foods away but when it comes to stuff like orange peels of apple cores i just toss them on some grass near me when i'm driving, what's so wrong about that also i don't throw anything out of my car if it's a expressway- case anyone was wondering
a woman smoking two doors down started giving out to me, asking why i was letting my dog do that.
i wanted to get back to with her (which we have) but only after i went over the girl at the gyms house.
polka fan on a real harold loeffelmacher kick lately
he was silent through all of this and when i had stopped explaining, he kind of laughed and asked me if i was being serious.
if this was someone new i had just met i’d have to make them want to date me over anyone else they considered being with.
i was then told to show them my coupon, when i was told it went through.
i immediately offered to buy another ring but she wasn’t having it.
s the whole time we dated called x a bitch and was straight up disrespectful to me about x, it really agitated me as i really loved x and genuinely still do even though we are no longer together.
she absolutely knew how important this was to him.
new department of interior program to reduce deer population by providing free condoms to fawns
it seems there are very few solutions to this on-going problem.
naked eric trump runs through state dinner pursued by screaming au pair
unemployed prince harry, meghan markle announce plans to give baby up for adoption
it was a mutual decision and we agreed to continue being friends because we got along great but weren't so romantically compatible.
she said something about liking our teachers or something along those lines and i responded with: "what if we *don't* like our teacher?" this was met by laughter from the class, and she told me to "see her after class".
i bought her some boots that she wanted.
the next day i had to put extra work into the organising because the team we were arranged to play a friendly against cancelled.
federal reserve cites healthy economy in decision to have baby
thursday me and this girl "angela" were two of the first to arrive.
i can see why he might be angry, but i don't think he should have removed my moderation access especially when i was willing to remove the lewd popups.
majority of office's supplies used to apply for different job
man who spent last 2 years drawing pictures of trump and putin making out beginning to realize just how wrong he's been
jared kushner quietly transfers 'solve middle east crisis' to next week's to-do list
man who has never seen horseshoe crab before understandably freaking the fuck out
but i say to something better.
paul giamatti lauded for supporting role in area murder
daniel tosh chuckles through own violent rape
fishfan420 was my brother's roommate and we're extremely close now (after all this shenanigans).
also because this happened just a couple of hours ago, apologies for the rushed writing and bad formatting backstory: i am failing my math class.
i know iata for stealing the cat and making them feel like the cat got killed.
its harder than i ever imagined to think clearly when in a situation like this.
report: suddenly remembering to sit up straight once a month best way to keep back healthy into old age
we have often talked about having threesomes and which of our friends we would sleep with.
college unveils new media center every month
my girlfriend called my parents and had them pick him up and keep him.
throughout that entire time, she has never been comfortable with my relationship with my female best friend who i have known since high school.
enron executives blamed for missing employee donut fund
by that, i mean we do everything but have actual sex.
for context, i (22m) have been dating this really cool girl for the past 4 months (22f).
i divorced my ex about four years ago, and custody has always been a point of contention between us.
report: tv teens 15 times more likely to crack wise than real teens
so i take them out and he and i eat the leftover meal.
jeff bezos tables latest breakthrough cost-cutting idea after realizing it's just slaves
furthermore all of my fellow classmates, along with mrs n, are mad at the person who did this, but i believe that my classmates are simply mad because they might get in trouble, but they agree with what i said.
she is obviously not at fault.
woman dots her 'i's with cute round marks
latest news of israeli-palestinian violence makes man hungry for falafel
cool glitch effect on movie studio logo must mean shit about to go down
new leather-bound notebook to really unleash area woman's creativity
im out and not responding to any pms as this is a throwaway.
birthday cards from grandma becoming more religious
i was already awake doing laundry but i found it extremely irritating and disrespectful.
all these players are new-ish players of varying skill.
wealthy, famous individual described as 'totally down-to-earth' by thousands of acquaintances, all of whom are lying
department of transportation allocates $400 million for national shortcut
so, reddit, am i the asshole?
i also made a small mound/wall of bed covering/pillows to try and make things dimmer for him.
she was on the verge of tears and now i don't know what to think of myself.
i typically ask them to double check they read my profile, make sure they understand it.
hopes, dreams crushed by panel of d-list celebrities
tl;dr: my boyfriend is mean to me often and he won't talk about it so i pick on him instead.
pfizer denies encouraging drug abuse by packaging fentanyl with cooking spoon, lighter
am i an asshole for thinking that this was too much?
moving out- her and my brother find a house, buy it and move in.
so i decided to retaliate once.
so we talked it out and he accepted the breakup.
in the evenings i needed to do homework, dealt with my stress and organized myself, so needless to say, i didn't have the time give her much affection and even if i did, i think couldn't have brought myself to do it due to all the shit i'm going through (depression made me lose interest in everything).
thing in cave not finished with eric yet
most of the girls in the class did not go by this.
but after that initial response i just went full savage and said ''yeah but at least i'm not a filthy whore like you.
is this not a big deal?
for one, calling someone an idiot isn’t “satisfying”.
please believe me when i say i did not mean it to oppress black people.
obama spends wednesday doing some urgings, some callings on
he blew up and said that i was giving her 50% of mine and his mother’s assets because she left everything to me if i outlived her.
posting here because she actually called me an asshole...
media outlets pledge evenhanded criticism of trump, clinton over next 4 years
my wife and i each had some extramarital affairs but worked through them mainly for him.
i don't look through anything else, i just close instagram.
**inciting incident** two or three weeks ago the leader (l) of our program offhandedly mentioned that b had been complaining about c and i making too much noise.
guilt-ridden stacey abrams wondering when she should tell democrats that she lost her election
cnn renews 'this week at war' for next eight seasons
i mean, i saw that as a way to be happier on short term in order to be a happy person for my friends who, i felt, needed someone happy.
he texted me today saying he reached out to her again, and now im afraid that itll come down to him wanting to see her.
(was called asperger's back in the day.) i tried to share but to no avail.
i'm getting tired, frankly, of how she is constantly undermining me in front of everyone when i'm really just trying to better my daughter's life.
he doesn’t mean it he’s just a little bit quirky.
he rarely visits her despite having nothing going on in his life (his disability does not prevent him from traveling to visit her, and he has the means to do so).
i've been told that this was an asshole move, knowingly letting others think i am deadly allergic when in reality it is a mild inconvenience at worst.
on the plane ride home this morning my girlfriend and i each had an aisle seat across from each other.
said she was going to go completely sober, get a job, and try and fix things with her mother.
now, a couple months ago i downloaded an app that is linked to a seismograph network and gives you a warning one or two minutes in advance of an earthquake so you can get to a safe place.
our sleep schedule has been off, i was a bit tired and school was starting up so we were stressed a little too, at least i was.
tl;dr - my younger cousin recently started dating a boy whose sister really doesn’t like me.
its never been said but shes sort of like my work wife and im her work husband.
you are smart, adventurous, funny, and considerate.
so, i say i also want to "play it by ear", and then see how long i need to go till i have sex with them.
next morning i fake sleeping as she goes into work (she starts shit early and i was i the start of a 2 week of period).
edit 2: this is still very helpful, i am still trying to deal with this, break, a girl i know that was raped, his stupid boyfriend and family.
in high school we were sort of friends, but we only hung out with each other in groups and weren’t very close.
this arrangement was prompted by our 5 day a week driver moving on to another job.
just to get this out of the way, i've known this guy for 5 years, i met him through my boyfriend.
aita for calling out my buddy for cheating, in front of his wife?
new beatles box set features 172 unreleased songs about wanting to hold hands
obama to cut costs by packing lunch every day for u.s. populace
of course she did answer like before.
burger king's royal taster found dead
my girlfriend and i had a baby just under 7 weeks ago, and my parents are giving us money to help with all the new costs we have.
but my ex still lives with me.
i was mulling this over to myself and ultimately changed my mind later that day, but hadn't told her yet.
trump: 'any shooting actually inspired by me would have left thousands dead'
(i feel guilt for this, i was much more mad at my parents then her.) parents threatened to cancel my gym membership if i swear or argue at them again.
now there appeared to be a young man next to us and i thought nothing on it.
his story was about a society of women who pushed eugenics onto men.
we made her sad because of a conversation we had in a hallway.
tl;dr: a page featured a girl (without her name, name of the college which conducted tournament, name of the cafe where she got the job) who got a job offer because she won a single round of csgo in her college tournament.
tooth fairy helps self to more teeth
a week later, i met someone else and we started a relationship.
aita for texting an ex on our birthday in front of my current girlfriend?
shit, no way stadium staff throwing t-shirts can reach you
i'll call you when i'm ready." his son has called me and texted me in that time and i've taken those calls.
i said to my husband can we go in school time while she stays with her mum and he said he feels bad not inviting her.
(a little unreasonable, because but whatever, that's his thing) so i try to reply to him as soon as i see the conversation.
i find politics to be a toxic and uninteresting subject.
one of the girls who went with pa overheard me in a hangry rant to someone else there and informed me that pa was the one to bring up wendy’s and everyone was pretty indifferent to it.
we all know you're faking depression.
i've been streaming on twitch since 2014 first on my ps4 and about a month ago i built my own pc and started streaming on there so i could make it look better then it looks on the ps4.
liberal relieved he never has to introspect again after assembling all the correct opinions
aita for making jokes/comments about my roommate being sick okay, so this just happened an hour or two ago so bear with me.
to be honest, 7th grade was by no stretch my best year.
but girl a just so happens to live somewhere on my way home.
american airlines admirals club installs two-way mirror for members to enjoy misery of passengers in gate waiting area
honestly she is a really attractive woman and whenever i see her in person i can't help but to stare at her.
using a throwaway because im scared of my judgement lol.
fireworks accident blows off tip of florida
i ask my girlfriend to try and clean-up after herself in various ways, put her clothes in the laundy instead of on the floor, throw away rubbish when she's opened/unpacked something, clean-up her mess in the kitchen, the front room, where ever; i get peeved about her untidyness but it never really turns into a fight.
we went on a cabin trip with friends, one of which is a cool new friend we’ll call “p”.
kansas changes spelling of name to 'cannsas'; 'it looks cooler that way,' governor says
she received tirades of abusive texts, all with the theme that she doesn't get to decide that their presents should be given to charity.
the way i see it, we all have to live with the choices we make in life, and she chose to live in a city that's far away from family, so we can't be expected to visit her that much.
i had mom, dad, and anna, my real mom who i referred to by name.
bar table scientists awarded 4-beer grant to complete analysis on why he's not good enough for you
leaked 'the last jedi' footage reveals chewbacca balding since 'the force awakens'
i’ve mentioned this about a month ago that my feelings were starting to fade and that i thought it was unfair of me to continue on.
so i really really like him.
everything in power done to appear interesting to attractive woman on subway
&#x200b; i will let the messages speak for themselves.
charity notes even one dollar can help a needy child but you'd have to be a dick to give that little
the noodle gimp was a lady streamer on twitch who regularly pulled about 7 viewers a night, and we often would game together just the two of us.
for reference he will earn more in a year than i have in savings.
and it isn't just at the end of the works week.
she dropped it after that, and i assume that if i’d said something that actually bothered her, she’d be upfront about it and i would apologize.
guy you canvassed with knows this great little italian canvassing place
this past weekend some friends and i went shopping and stopped by this petstore in this dilapidated strip mall.
gop leaders confident they'll have cruelty necessary to pass healthcare bill
i didn’t feel like i did anything wrong so i told her i wasn’t sorry so i wasn’t going to apologize.
she was hesitant, but wanted to make the relationship work so she said she would try.
man getting futon all dolled up for craigslist photo shoot
apparently werewolf was allergic to peanuts
i dealt with their aversion to certain ingredients the same exact way i dealt with my kids' aversion to the same ingredients and it worked like a charm.
if it was a man, she would have been charged with sexual assault" while i agree that men have been too frequently looked over when it comes to sexual assault, harassment, and how there can be often gender bias in these situations, i still don't think what her character did would fall under sexual assault for a man or woman.
ok, first some background for the teachers out there who might think this sounds ridiculous.
stepson absolutely nailing jeopardy category about third reich
but even if i used a different password for banks, i would share it with him.
fast forwarding to the end of finals, i reminded everyone again but never heard back.
directly asking for help isn't much better...at best, i get an unenthusiastic correction on my pronunciation or whatever...at worst, i feel actively discouraged.
dad spends entire vacation 8 steps ahead of family
emergency crew rushes to pull child out of football huddle
biden kicked out of laundromat after shag rug floods washing machine
i was a bit bummed, but getting older meant less time and money for silly things or gifts and it made sense.
free-range chicken makes it to bolivia
man has no idea what to do with good mood
recently created throwaway account and first time poster, hope my formatting isn't too bad.
for the next two days, we were back to the usual rhythm of messaging all the time.
a few nights later i get a snapchat from emily of mark at her apartment past midnight, and it really makes me angry.
aita for not helping a classmate?
and i understand if she did not have a free weekend for the rest of the month, but, to my knowledge, she has at least one more free weekend.
i want to issue an ultimatum to my husband.
rest of world not biting on couple's open relationship
aita for trying to save a young girl from her abusive father?
privileged little artiste writing something oh-so-precious into his moleskine notebook
henry has seen me cry about this guy, talked me through how crazy and abandoned i felt at a very low point, and essentially admits that patrick acted lie kind of an asshole to his sister and didn't treat her with respect.
study links meat, sugar consumption to early death among those who choose to be happy in life
entire office clamoring to be introduced to coworker's parents
right now, i do not have empathy for you.
brewers stay after game to run the bases
i hugged her and suggested going to the gym would get her out of her funk, but really i didn't know how to handle it other than that and regrettably kind of just backed away and started to distance myself.
that all changed when i went out with that mutual friend.
she is completely head over heels in love with me and i used to feel the same way but lately i guess the spark is just gone.
my job is shot caller, so when i play the specific game for esports, i have to talk.
they think i'm being petty and childish and so on.
report: what you just said reminds man of thing he'd rather talk about
new study reveals nothing pfizer's lawyers can't take care of
family wealthy enough to have the kind of refrigerator doors that blend into cabinets
after he was at the end of the hallway, i called after him "well, thank you for that".
report: 80% of queen's 'greatest hits' cds lodged in center console of first car
i answered this on a reply and thought it would be good to add it: i google searched for a vet and the one google recommended was opening in another 3 hours.
breakthrough procedure allows parents to select sexiness of child
they tell me that it was rash of me to pick dates, and that i’m selfish for assuming they will pay for it.
i instantly realized that it was applicable to a meme and brought it up.
blizzard is not beholden to anybody except their stockholders and there’s probably plenty of people who would be very happy with a microtranscationy mobile game, so why is this such a big, tear-out-your-hair, death-threats-to developers issue?
network executive cancels show after ruining it in development
not too long ago, i started posting on this new account, to which b said something along the lines of ‘you’re just trying to cut me out of your life, none of you love me’.
i texted him this morning but he hasn't responded.
after we broke up i asked him to cancel my card because i don't use hulu often, he said he did and he never did.
3) i continue to push that idea and then suggest she at least let me teach her some break always just in case (a way to break a persons grip, even one much stronger than you) she tells me no again.
feel a little guilty over how much fun i had making fun of my brother's vegan cake.
trailblazing colleague makes historic contact with people who work on other floor
in order to restore trust after him cheating, we put several safeguards (apps) in place.
as a result i've become severly unstable and when my dad blacmailed me out of town i went to stay with her.
redbox debuts new touchscreen in back of kiosk for pornographic features
sometimes if she doesn’t hit the bar i’ll make drinks for her, hoping one thing will lead to another.
my friend texted me today and started complaining about his parents.
i think we all deserve a little more than just “fu..peace”.
family's euphemism for genitals really weird
'kennedy curse' claims life of 77-year-old tumor-riddled binge-drinker
anti-mdma campaign warns teens about dangers of feeling more connected to others
she replied that she didn't really care and just wanted to get out for a while.
i fear it will only worsen as time goes on and we're apart during that time.
cool dentist doesn't give a shit about patients' flossing
apparently she still does talk crap about us, and had started to ignore her girlfriend on purpose because "she doesn't like the way she treats me and another friend".
iowa restaurant patron can remember every breakfast ruined by presidential candidates
i had low self-esteem and no experience dating.
i just think it's arbitrary for people to have relations over text or lack thereof.
wedding guest in suspenders, bow tie unafraid to take dance floor
damning evidence shows actor al jolson wearing blackface
oklahoma state penitentiary unveils new in-chamber entertainment system to keep inmates occupied during lethal injections
throwaway because her boyfriend knows my main account.
now several individuals who have been roped into this debacle are asking why i declined.
oddsmakers say oakland raiders a long shot to finish season
our oldest daughter gets dropped off at daycare and my wife takes care of the newborn during the day and does household chores and such.
man passes away surrounded by knife-wielding loved ones
edit- context: the kid is known for bullying and the teachers have done nothing to him even when i complained to them.
aita: so the wife calls me this morning from work (she works nights at a hospital) claiming her car won't start and that i needed to come pick her up.
college-aged daughter against using straws now
it's about having a specific problem with somebody based on 'red flags' or whatever.) aita for wanting to keep hooking up with this guy even though my partner hates him??
uncle warren in rare form tonight
alright, i think, the woman next time we meet would admit to her mistake and if not apologise, stop giving me the look she has been ever since.
it is selfish to despair over a problem that can be solved by helping someone in need.
i really don't want to break up with justin, he's really fun to hang out with and the sex is really good.
me: f get back in your position you are going to make us lose.
it was great for a bit and then i met who would be my current girlfriend.
woman who teaches special-needs children killing it at dinner party
definitely inappropriate, but at the time i thought it was just him attempting to be cheeky and completely landing outside the mark.
two hipsters angrily call each other 'hipster'
to be clear, my parents bought the yogurt.
aita, my brother was bullying this girl and i ignored it and unintentionally feed into it.
this means he told this other person about the job either before me, which sucks, as we've been friends for like 7 years and this person a year at best, and only through work, or after he told me which really sucks cause then i feel like he really doesn't give a shit at all.
cia admits it's good at overthrowing stuff, not so much the intelligence
so today i finished all of the laundry and he proceeds to throw his dirty sat night club clothes on top the clean laundry.
to annoy me even more she put around my room some religious posters etc.
lindsay wagner to star in anything offered her
man clearly gamed 'which teenage mutant ninja turtle are you?' quiz to get raphael
aita for eating leftovers without permission.
what the hell else do you need to do?
i would feel the same way if she was a police officer or firefighter.
i told him to close it till i dry myself properly and he told me that its my annoying smell of cigarettes (recently picked up cigarettes) am i the asshole for not caring their discomfort?
trump hacks through thick central american jungle in search of entirely new ethnic group to demonize
aita for not offering to pay the diminished value of my son in laws truck i wrecked?
authorities not even going to bother looking for motive behind oregon shooting
bus and call taxi are reliable, but since its easy and am willing to help i just do it.
while i can see that i may have been slightly insensitive to get frustrated with her while she was still upset, because she clearly has some emotional issues, i don't think it warrants the entire workforce turning against me.
the next night she snap chatted me in the bath and started being very flirty and provocative, and i asked her what was up, she said it was weird at first but now that she’s thought about it she’s more into it.
&#x200b; &#x200b; and to my shock, only about 2 months after knowing dirt.
aita for keeping guns in my vehicle that were discovered by my nosey coworkers?
she’s only ever slipped up twice.
last night, i went over to his place to hang out for a bit and started showing him some things on here that i had saved to show him.
so, the point is i don't get many opportunities to go on dates or get a lot of matches on dating apps.
aita for cold ghosting a "girlfriend" even when i made it clear this wasn't an exclusive relationship and she decides to blur the line?
before leaving, i gave a a heads up and i was met with a shitty face.
this has pissed me off because he's assuming that i can just drive to a campus just to ask the 5 questions in my email.
i had to take the bus there (my moped broke down last week which is another story of its own) and she lived close the restaurant so it was convenient.
wibta for leaving my girlfriend for getting an abortion?
anyway, when we were on our way home we passed a woman selling tamales on the corner for $2 apiece.
mohawked rex tillerson warns u.s. democracy threatened by plutocratic fascist pigs fucking over the working man
she's pretty conservative (not politically or religiously, just like personality/showing off) so i never really saw her without minimum a t shirt and shorts on.
i think this is kind of bs because we should’ve be eating an equal amount food anyway since i’m a guy and guys need more food.
and the truck probably has $20,000 in damages if not totaled.
obama always freaked out by people standing above him smiling whenever he signs bill
i didn’t feel the same way for him, but i was nervous that if i said no, he would handle the rejection poorly, and hurt himself or do something worse.
media suffering through record normal temperatures
followed my father’s footsteps and joined the blue collar company that he works for.
she has done so many bad things to me and my classmates so i just have to list them in some kind of chronological order.
then she tells me wife my brother has called a tow truck for me.
&#x200b; so, am i being the asshole because i don't find her sexually attractive?
trump makes last-minute push to appeal to whites
dick durbin wakes up chained to radiator with instructions to saw open own stomach to access kavanaugh report
he says he’s not confident in his body, that his once extroverted personality has become introverted, and other similar things.
nation dreading next 6 months of watching candidates trying to relate to it
red cross accused of wartime non-profiteering
wibta if i broke up with my girlfriend for going clubbing?
i'm so good at it i can even pretend to be bad when it doesn't really matter.
somehow they found out he had it and he told them i gave him it and i weren’t looking to get the shit other this so i lied and said i he was lying bout it and i didn’t give him the details.
today, after an exhausting, long day at work i came home and made myself some food before working again for a couple of hours from home.
she has had a new boyfriend since this summer, they've been together 6 months at this point.
i took that risk because i knew i would have to tools at my disposal to deal with this pain if/when it came, and now i’m going to work through it, and that work is going to include some crying and complaining as i let myself feel the pain for the time that it needs to be felt.
so am i the asshole for punching her when she was getting on my nerves?
but the new girl lived hours away so i didn't see her after the trip, but we kept in touch via email.
hey, so i cheated on my boyfriend, with a coworker during the launch.
i don't know if she used him to spite me or if it actually was well intended on her part.
new super-fast transport system powered by passengers' screams
nation finally ready to look at more sidewalk drawings that look like big holes but are actually just flat
aita for being passive aggressive/bad communication?
'that seems about right,' says soon-to-be-audited man
upset woman forced to re-sigh louder
mars probe destroyed by orbiting spielberg-gates space palace
this happened a few years ago, but my mom brought the incident up recently and now i’m overthinking it once again.
she said i was "sexist", "controlling" and "paranoid", and needed a day or 2 alone.
this made me upset quite a lot because i feared for her safety.
and i’m lucky she’s still with me, haha.
sometimes i'd get a response that made sense.
stevie nicks dancing alone on beach under full moon
jia's with her friends as well but after a time comes over to my table and sits next to me, starts chatting me up.
before gaining a lot of it back.
man from chippewa falls, wisconsin hates when people from eagle point claim to be from chippewa falls
bitcoin on path to functioning just like real currency after small concentration of people acquire majority of it
i no longer feel guilty, i just feel like she's being childish for not even trying to make this better.
donald trump rift not what paul ryan needed in middle of 14-day cleanse
i simply asked “i thought you said we could talk?” so this is how it went for those of you who think i’m talking his ear off or something when i’m really not: him: good night me: i thought you said we could talk?
3 months ago i was talking via chat with her and she was saying how great her ass was and all that fuzz, jokingly i said: "hey, if your ass is so damn great, why don't you send a pic?" which in retrospect did not sound like a joke at all.
now i made some poor financial decisions so don't take it like i'm bragging, but i just don't understand where this sense of entitlement is coming from.
we have been living below our means and both putting aside $x per month to buy a condo or townhouse together.
tldr; i cheat, she cheats, i cheat again, she cheats with a coworker and i tell her she can't keep her job if she wants to stay with me.
later on it all dwindled down because i starter to give her a cold shoulder because of my fear of her falling in love with me.
his reasoning is that i'd be potentially infecting multiple people, including some of the most vulnerable.
lawrence the t-1 connection guy hit of white-collar comedy tour
i'm at a bit of a loss here.
or indeed is it okay to let your family go if you know they weigh you down.
this great song, bar sources report
mom locked in infinite loop of purchasing, returning items from lord & taylor
rnc attendee excited to find out what he'll get to boo tonight
i cant go back to sleep because i'm so pissed off even when i move.
and the kicker is - she told me she had taken ghb earlier that night.
'holy shit, the government owes me 50 million dollars,' reports man incorrectly filling out his taxes
she found out this morning and got really mad.
fast forward a few weeks and i'm checking the mail with both my puppers on leashes and all the sudden i see neighbors rottie running across the street.
3-foot-tall christmas tree really completes incredibly depressing apartment
so they ended up just taking me to that same destination where we walked around.
a person you trust, and lust for, only to be doing god knows what while subscribing to so many sexual accounts.
eventually "henry" sends a bunch of messages basically saying he wants to send nudes.
i sent a few angry messages, starting with 'i'm actually kinda fucking pissed now'.
but actually being in this situation is suddenly intensely uncomfortable.
aita to want to have sex with someone who was recently discharged from a mental hospital so there’s this girl i’ve been seeing for a few weeks.
many animals harmed in catering of film
i also feel kind of guilty because i know that if i wasn't living in the house and helping my two younger siblings with stuff they would have a lot of opportunities to do things that they want to do.
was i the asshole specifically for doing the project myself and making it clear i was the only person who did anything?
curiosity rover frantically driving around mars to make it look like it's been busy before new spacecraft arrives
u.s. forces take over key afghan city that will be retaken by taliban when marines leave
monument designer to see if some other country wants to buy rejected war memorial
she is clearly upset and after we start a walk she says that he hit her.
i also brought up the clique stuff again, and how the "in" people would secretly play on their secret extra accounts so the rest of the group couldn't join in.
a lot of people stood up and talked, most cried, most of whom i hate, but a few that i genuinely had respect for.
man offended by rude female coworker continuing to speak over him after he clearly interrupted her
so, i had just started up another year of school.
he was nice at first and goes on the spill about how they have the right to limit quantity in the tos and that we have already went far over what the computer would give him credit for.
that guy from that one show in rehab
man regrets straying from sour cream and onion potato chips
this residency requires her to teach form 7:30-10:30 at night a few nights a week and sometimes she comes home around 11.
when the first kid came i was almost 8 and i hated it but suck it up ( i hated being touched, hit and vomited on, also was ignored but that was for the best).
we both do an extracurricular together in a small group and he tends to act normally then.
wedding dj assures anxious man he hasn't forgotten 'build me up buttercup' request
i don't want to repeat what i said about his grandpa, but it was way way worse than what he said.
they have never agreed with my mom being the working parent and i saw their want for a thank you and their retaliation as an insult to my mom and the way she has been raising me.
she had never wanted to quit for a variety of reasons but now has had just about enough and is willing to move on.
i ask her what was wrong and she says she was sexually violated by the guy.
now this was all until i called my grandparents who live in the same city as my dad.
he has a much higher sex drive and often asked me if we could make out, once took my shirt off without asking, and talked about my body more than any other aspect of me.
man in political argument clearly just regurgitating monologue from 'henry v'
nra praised for decreasing stigma of mentally ill acquiring firearms
one was when he ruined a long-running dnd campaign that included me and one of my close friends by adding overpowered characters that completely derailed the plot and attempting to control other people's characters (he tried to kill most of the other pcs then got angry when his was put into fatal situations).
along the lines of ‘she will just sit on my lap the whole time otherwise’ i interject with, “what and her standing there crying didn’t hurt your heart?
we started arguing after she left and it was extremely heated.
class clown has nothing on wilmot proviso
he tried to transfer it to a different closer pharmacy, but there were issues with insurance, so he was just going to go to that walgreens.
hero cop receives hero's lap dance
report: smart car terrible for doughnuts
clinton campaign asks cnn to stock dressing room with 4 pounds of flavorless protein paste
he offhandedly mentions that he has a late night meeting and won’t be home before 10 pm.
or maybe it's a situation where neither of us is really wrong and one of us just has to compromise.
to get a 20% down payment on her mortgage and still cover her closing costs she needs, you guessed it, $4k, which she asked my wife for just the other day.
another time at a party he told her 'i nearly pinched your bum in that dress'.
they agreed to transfer and had them ready for him to pickup, but the closest walgreens was about 2 hours away.
doomsday clock pushed to one minute to midnight after arby's threatens launch of 3-cheese jalapeño beef 'n bacon melt
eventually, my step-sister left the wedding alone.
i have not eaten breakfast or lunch and neither has my roommate apparently.
i had known b before the camp took place, so we were good; i met jc because he's such an outgoing person.
that's a can of worms i'll open at another time.) not so much.
child makes useless gesture to help struggling family
a couple days back we got a massive immigration case involving an entire family.
pre-teen moves from giggling-at-everything phase to never-smiling phase
furious dianne feinstein demands nsa figure out exactly who didn't endorse her
'game of thrones' running out of unkempt old men to cast
ruptured pudding cup at large in area backpack
nobody enforced this unless someone’s being annoying.
now, after hearing my mother and sister talk about this mishap, i chimed in with a little of my two-cents.
cheney offspring bursts from bush's chest
although he doesn't live in it, there are parts of keeping an older home afloat that extend beyond a couple hundred a month.
they are not good kids, really spoiled and entitled.
like when you see a scary movie with someone and they sort of cling to you.
as the next day comes and goes i see snapchats that she did go, with another mutual friend of alex and myself.
as he's on his last legs in the game, one player who's tired of the game and somewhat thinks the game is done decides to leave.
my mom is about to die from cancer and we recently had a major blowout.
for example if he’d say “he’s a mischievous one” i’d say “yeah, she is pretty rambunctious”.
after i couldnt answer she says i should go to a therapist because i may have predator like thoughts, which i think is a form of her shaming me even though she participates and starts the sex.
17-year-old thinks she's getting into photography
women in hollywood perfectly okay they not represented behind the scenes of 'the blacklist'
i said that he could probably do with switching his content up and he said wat do u mean and i said to him no one finds a blog if his geography trip entertaining and he started saying that people said they enjoyed it (ik for a fact that they were taking the piss saying this).
they gave me a role as events coordinator.
i barely got over the limit and obviously they never were super worried about my driving because they were right behind me originally and followed me a few miles but never stopped me, so i must have been driving decent enough for them.
the organization assumed that i didn’t have any problems/i wasn’t a concern because i didn’t yell or hit people.
area woman's safety net braces for another impact
so my friend had been dating a guy from her work.
that woman, however, has the bad habits of 1) being inappropriately loud (typical among chinese) and 2) calling me baby names, which i've tolerated for far too long.
aita for asking my girlfriend to shave her toes and fingers?
he’s so inconsiderate and he thinks he’s frank sinatra reborn.
i lose my shit - partly because i don't want to fucking deal with this at 10 pm, but mostly at the thought that this idiotic creature can so innocently ruin my things and cause us both distress with 0 consequences or awareness.
i think she became abusive towards me.
voters tune into vp debate to find out what race would look like if this was normal election year
poll finds majority of americans have never met willem dafoe
north carolina residents terrified after hearing state passed new law
advertiser reaches out to youth with off-set, mixed-typography font
threat level downgraded as insect revealed to be ladybug
i was extremely nervous and was having a panic attack.
i get mad but soon get over it and apologize for getting angry.
area grandma enjoys flourishing correspondence with mailer-daemon
earth ranked number one party planet
i was upset at her reaction and i did somewhat scream at her.
i reached out to him with a scripture after our estranged father passed away and he threatened to block me.
supreme court issues 7-1 decision to find scalia's killer
fda declares munchos to be good source of disodium guanylate
live cow lowered onto floor of u.s. house of representatives
aita trying to help a friend with a girl so my friend has liked this girl for atleast 3 months.
we only have 2 machines and we each take turns being the patient so the other 3-4 girls can watch and practice.
this particular passenger quietly preferred burger king because she wanted to get back quicker, but a ride’s a ride.
if it didn’t work, that doesn’t mean you stop trying and make big decisions yourself.
craigslist apartment listing uses record 354 exclamation points
pizza hut introduces new meat sympathizer's pizza
standoff in ivory coast threatens to boil over into full-scale news blurb
aita for asking where my dad got his news from?
came into work one morning and as i passed our break room, i saw through the window on the door one of my colleagues, a girl in her early 20s (we'll call her kate), was crying in there.
i'll just bury it under all the other presents.
a few weeks ago friend 1 had informed me he would join me, and 2 unknown players( friend 2 and friend 3) to fill out the last spot in a 4 man pubg squads.
i have already decided to cut my brother out of my life for doing this to me.
we got into a big fight about this yesterday, and i feel like i need a second opinion.
girl in park acts like it's no big deal she's wearing bikini
and i was called to the provisor's office in order to clarify with them what had happened the previous night.
one day i was doing laundry and went into the bathroom after she had come back and picked up socks etc; as i picked up her pants they were wet through.
i left in such a hurry that day and i had nowhere to go—i went to park my car somewhere discreet while browsing social media until they left.
she says that he's being sincere but i don't buy it.
my boyfriend tells me this makes people nervous and i shouldn't pass on the right.
i was picked up by my local friends and we had a great weekend in the city.
'this women's strike won't accomplish anything,' reports man who will boycott upcoming 'avengers' movie
a year after her death, my dad remarried.
since he doesn't tell me to stop, i keep messaging him and asking him to join, because if he does pick up an interest i don't want him to skip anything.
so, i anonymously reported beef for pot through a student community leader.
coworker retreats to remote corner of office to complete disgusting food order
aita for putting the girlfriends cat outside my girlfriend of 9 years has a cat that keeps pissing and shitting in the house.
kim jong-un, justin timberlake meet to pick new pope, according to shameless attempt to increase web traffic
also, whenever i see her in my classes she almost seems to ignore me at times.
the record had snapped in half, and he was visibly disappointed.
not sharing my bank password does not imply mistrust, it implies my personal thresholds for security and trust are different than hers.
partly because i got lazy, partly because i'm not sure if it is even a good idea.
also, yes, i wash the dishes #final okay guys.
i said that while this is true that also 18 to 40 percent of all co2 emissions come from the meat industry (also milk and egg industries, but i forgot to write that).
somebody explain to me why this deserves so much attention.
not sure the motive, but regardless i pissed her off and she hung up on me.
aita girlfriend of 5 years recently had feelings for a guy online for 2 weeks, am i right to say to her its hurt me deep?
last time i helped them with a sum of around 25% of my monthly salary, my wife was angry at me.
after a while living on my own, i managed to land a new job that dramatically increased my income, such that i could afford to live in a decent normal apartment in my city and not live paycheck-to-paycheck.
he told me he asked the girl who worked there what they were called, and she didn't know the name so she said "bread with chocolate" instead.
homeless man has no idea what to do with visiting parents
dismembered nate silver found in dumpster behind gallup headquarters
karl lagerfeld horrified by uninspired, garish tunnel of light coming toward him
we eat, we hang out, we talk and laugh.
woman drawn to shampoo with most gruesome description of hair
then i asked if she was more angry about it than he was.
report: most americans have enough saved for retirement to live comfortably on streets
i have bipolar one disorder and my psychologist notes that i'm apathetic.
when area waitress gets a chance
audubon society revokes black-capped chickadee's membership after species fails to pay dues
i also felt like they could just say, 'no, i'll just go with you,' and it's not my fault they felt the need to be polite..if that makes sense.
i recognize that i've made a legal commitment, and i'm responsible for that.
patient zero kicking back in 38c with episode of 'new girl'
dollar store has great deal on fig nortons
so yeah, this happened a few minutes ago.
area man's mother sizes up new girlfriend's pelvic span
ames executives scrambling after new shovel design leaks
scientists discover new species of reptile deep within amazonian bulldozer treads
john came out to us that he was gay.
i don't really find girls attractive and have no interest in having sex with them." i've known this girl for years and all those years, she has gone on and on about she is apart of the lgbtq+ because she is bisexual.
man does good job getting drunk
fortunately, the greenhouse was covered on insurance, and we got another one built back up in its place.
political scientists baffled by trump's ability to end something he had no control over just days ago
&#x200b; so..there is a part of me that understands this, obviously, newborns are extremely susceptible to sickness and i would never expose her to anything.
i suspect he simply didn't want the hassle of filling out paperwork (he asked the staff what to write, line by line - english isn't his first language and the form was unfamiliar to him).
we both insisted that it is fine, and yelled at our dogs to keep quiet.
she keeps saying shit like "oh, finally, the people i actually care about " to her friends.
she claims that she doesn't have the money to fix them, but she has the money for this sick habit.
study: humans began domesticating animals to comfort children whose parents split up
(it is worth noting that i have lived pretty close to new york my whole life, so i may be biased/poorly informed.) so i chimed in and said, “i couldn’t help but overhear your conversation, but i do think new york pizza is probably more well-known than london pizza.
anyway, i think we were "on", we had a pretty emotionally intimate few weeks, and we've been talking and cuddling a fair bit.
i'm autistic and have bpd (borderline) so maybe there *is* a chance this sounds equally crazy to other more-normal people.
hero soldier receives presidential thumbs-up award
i thought it was a weird request as it was less than 10 feet from where we smoke.
she burst out crying and made a huge scene of it.
so, this morning, my mom and i were playing a jeopardy!
we talked every day for hours, it was honestly probably too much.
she tags me in those white people spicy food memes.
report: takeout place put burrito in completely different container this time
reevaluating myself i think i'm mad at the situation, not at her in particular.
disappointed first-time voter thought he was going to get to pull big lever
there were about 3 questions in a row i knew, but didn't buzz in since i couldn't risk the points loss.
at this point it's a daily for hours on end shes gone over there doing god knows what in my mind.
area woman not good enough artist to justify eccentricities
white house adds eight inches to white house fence
i went back to work on monday working an office job 9-6 and it’s not a stressful job or anything.
now my kid is saying that person isn't coming around anymore and i'm torn between smugness and a little guilt.
however, because of the type of upbringing he has as the youngest in the family by quite a bit and all, he doesn't exactly have the best anger management.
from my perspective it would give me some kind of boost to carry on with my life, as i wrote first i'm at a better place in my life than i've ever been and i don't want to change anything right now.
the day after a big holiday season, like halloween, or christmas, i will seek out the candy that's at 20-30% off and hide it elsewhere in the store.
me and my parents had a nasty fight about some other topic.
i told him if he wanted to move in together he needed to quit smoking, which he did, and other than that and a few minor things he's always been honest about everything else and has not smoked the entire time we've been together (that i know of).
y didn’t know, and sent her the photos because i told her to.
it's not necessarily flirty, but it's in that area.
i am not sure i worded it correctly.
my dad told me about this as a funny story but i said "if i was her boss i would've fired her for not knowing the name of one of the companies products.
my pal rodger had a couple of fuck ups throughout the night (spilling his drink, not having any luck with the ladies, etc) and every time he had one i would say “and that’s why jaguar should have got the promotion.” when i said this, i would receive some laughs from my chaps and it was obviously meant as a joke.
19m here, worked with this girl for 2 years in a boring min wage job so we talked a lot, became solid friends, and maintained that friendship even though neither of us still work there.
so, after a lot of convincing and fake compliments, she took the bait.
she texted me how i mke her feel worthless because i got angry at her for not having lunch ready for when i got home between shifts.
(our house hasn’t been this empty in years!) (sorry for bad english)
i really struggle with how to react to people with mental disabilities, because i am constantly worried that i will offend them, say something generally offensive/incorrect/otherwise unacceptable and be judged for it, and/or that i will somehow make a faux pas that ends up giving the impression that i am consciously prejudiced.
adding this might change a lot of things because i see that you guys assumed my parents were "ok" with it.
convict sentenced to generating $80,000 to $100,000 in profits for private prison
father sits teenage son down to explain how sex with mom works
man had no idea cough was going to be wet one
and what i'm doing now, is keeping on with what i've been doing.
yesterday i had a really stressful day and i still don't feel good today, anyway i usually wake up early in the morning and after breakfast i spend 10 minutes or so in bed, and this is the moment when my cat, after she had her own breakfast comes up on the bed and i usually pet her for a while.
nasa calls it a mission as curiosity rover fills up whole 2-gigabyte memory card
i have always been extremely loyal.
my best friend since i was about 16 (24 now) has had 2 kids of which i am the godfather to both.
i feel bad for taking it but i knew we probably would have a fight last a couple of weeks and i wanted to play in the meantime.
the thing is though, it would appear to me that 95% of these ideals never come to fruition and the pandering thoughts all seem like wasted air.
recently he showed me a post on instagram, my instinct is to always look at the profile photo and i'm not sure why.
then i told him i'd also like a weekend.
at first, this seemed like a one-off event due to the harsh, chemical smell of the litter we were using, so we did some research and started taking precautions and extra measures to try and prevent this from happening again.
in order to qualify for a dog, i need to have seizures.
she almost tried to avoid it still and not admit it but she did admit it at the same time but not blatantly.
a lot of you are right, this is not part of me anymore and i might look like a stalker, but this just happened this monday, i still talk just to one of her friends and she told me that she wanted to keep in touch with me instead that something bad happened to her (my ex friend wants to keep in touch with me) because she also knows what a fuck she is (my ex).
man kinda excited for internal camera procedure
his reaction was to call me a prick and go on and on about how wrong it was for me to take back our invitation just because he couldn't commit to being there before 6pm.
but again, since i hadn't really said anything about it besides being cold when she talked about it i decided to let her finish the season again.
man on vacation suddenly realizes no one feeding his hostages
there were 2 rooms left and each room only fit 4 people, one room had 2 people already in it and they were 2 super hyper and annoying 7th graders and the other room only had one slot left and had 3 general calm and lated back kids in it.
at dinner, i always have to wait after we pay so she can go.
i then clarified a lot of the misconceptions they had, some outlandish some were minor exaggerations.
nb4 you start, yes i know, there's no way for him to know that unless i tell him.
she's still upset with me it appears, and she hasn't talked to me since i refused to apologize.
now, i was not comfortable with grant reaching out to mellie.
i was getting a pain in my tailbone and have since then, before resolving it, resorted to standing up and using my laptop that way.
tl;dr at bottom a bit of background: i live in an apartment block that allows pets so long as they are looked after carefully and aren't a major nuisance to others, and i'll admit that my dog can be quite a handful when he goes off barking at other dogs.
i wanted to tell the boss about how she'd been acting, but the boss *loved* brittney, and the boss didn't like me so much (i had gotten in trouble previously for reporting something a coworker did, boss blamed it on me because the coworker i reported was the son of a higher staff member) so that wasn't an option.
aita for calling my brown girlfriend burnt?
his children act very entitled to our money but the way they conduct themselves causes me to doubt they really want a relationship with their father and instead just want our money.
i make up some story about a dude she pissed off or whatever.
senate passes blame by vote of 91-8
mom leaves sweet little note for sixth-grader in add prescription bottle
tl;dr: cable guy came knocking on my door after 8pm without an appointment and i told him to get the fuck out.
&#x200b; all in all, my friend slept over, my girlfriend got really angry and we had a long talk about it today, and we are now okay, but i'm left wondering, aita?
as soon as we pulled into our driveway, she stumbled out of the car and immediately started peeing herself, which she was definitely upset about.
we're closer than me and roommate so i called him later that evening to tell him i knew and i was sorry i'd found out without him telling me.
i'm perfectly fine with them sharing a bed, but i feel pretty hurt that she should choose to share a bed with someone else and leave me to sleep alone in a room ten feet away.
report: double stuf oreos could raise tolerance to stuf
local man's body a really big temple
melania trump hosts state dinner in stunning black shroud of shrieking crows
new netflix gas lets users inhale multiple seasons of tv shows
i also couldn't afford to pay for two tickets myself.
afaik she reciprocates in kind to him on holidays and his birthday, so in this case i know it's just my mom and sister being judgementaly bitchy).
fatal spaz attack claims life of area spaz
nothing toxic, just basically asking him to stop blaming/criticising me mid-match.
man running toward departing train must have finally realized he loves her
dr. scholl's introduces line of sexy lace insoles
i merely keep a safe distance since i’m in college.
cop just in it for the frisking
pretty obvious which sibling going to have to deal with all the nursing home stuff
line of lizards winding out door outside national geographic casting office
i thought y knew about her phobia, and therefore wouldn’t send them to avoid triggering her.
&#x200b; i've never been so shaken in a conversation with a teacher in a long time, i'm generally on good terms with all of my other teachers, even becoming a teacher's assistant for one and a class ambassador with another.
they're my friends and i'd never consider them dumb, but there's one thing that pisses me off: whenever a year starts, c and e decide they'll study hard and try their best and not go to rec on any subject.
i feel a little bit tricked that she didn't tell me even though she admitted she knew it was risky.
my wife and i go to bed together each night together and get up at roughly the same time.
about a week before the lunch we all pick a name out of a hat and that’s who you get a gift for.
this made sense, but when i told my boyfriend, he offered to make his own way to denmark and just meet us.
my ex was my first gf and we were together for almost 10 years.
aita - asked a friend's ex on a date.
i was nervous about staying longer than 30 seconds—my cousins are so cute and sweet, and i want to ask all about their lives, but i couldn’t do it.
hurricane concerned it caught something in panama city, florida
entire meal consumed while testing if it needs more time in microwave
i reply asking if that was everything that was bothering him and he confirmed there was nothing else.
study finds controlling, possessive behavior most pure expression of love
new archaeological find suggests mary magdalene was actually a size 12
**don’t** do this to your kids and for those who were raised with this sort of toxic questioning, i’m deeply sorry you had to face a really mind-bending question at such a young age.
so when i got back to pick my daughter up the dog was inside again and started barking at me.
weak, ineffectual man will be right back with that account file
it didn't cross my mind to introduce myself to a large group of girls i don't know since they didn't introduce themselves either!
he didn't sleep the 2 days prior(got sleep the night before), ate chips and junk food, stayed on his couch for days, drank the days leading up and smoked weed before, during and after the trip.
i don’t talk to her as much anymore, but she definitely has an addiction now.
i started dating my ex a little over a year ago.
this didn’t sway him at all so i got snippy and told him that his cigarettes (while they help his tics) are a waste of money and doing far more harm than this ever would (i should have brought up how he's damaging his mouth with the cough drops too, but didn't).
tldr: my brother won $500 off his lottery ticket after we agreed that we would split it 50/50.
if a girl enters a mixed jacuzzi or sauna the guys have to leave?
we were at a restaurant and i wanted to try her food.
local man's fear of snakes increases with each snakebite
b kept telling me, "you're encouraging him!" but i said "it's funny!" then b said "maybe the first ten thousand times." c doesn't even care; nothing gets to him; he plays along with them, and he makes funny jokes back at us.
she got very upset with me and told me to stop talking.
in hindsight of him not being a perv or smth.
aita for walking out of class to finish a project in another class?
that was enough to satisfy my at-that-time greyish moral compass.
i asked her if she really thought i would believe her excuse this time.
gop statisticians develop new branch of math to formulate scenarios in which trump doesn't win nomination
corner store customers saddened by sight of frantic trump doing scratch-off tickets right on counter
report: what's a pretty lady like you doing around an article like this?
(note: this is not why i use this particular website so i am categorically not meeting him at all.) my plan was to forward his face photo he so kindly sent, along with the accompanying message to his hr dept.
riaa bans telling friends about songs
yeah it sucks for both of us but don't be mad at me.
looked like it had rolled in a pigpen.
he said no its ok and was like very scared of me, after some persuading i gave him $50 to take a cab from the starbucks to the hospital and pleaded with him too.
overall she’s a good girlfriend but she’s a little controlling and really insecure.
i had just fallen, and he was concerned about the record.
god recalls 1983 speedboat accident that sent him to heaven
report: statistically speaking there's decent chance pope francis molested someone
"they're both black and wear glasses, right?" friend was quick to tell me not to continue with that joke.
should i re position my own perspective?
i got banned from r/legaladvice and r/bestoflegaladvice for this shit.
her emotions got her heated up and she thought i am trying to controll her.
this is my snapping point, the psycohlogist he was seeing about being trans, tried to tell him he isn't a girl(the only reason why i know this is because he stopped going after the psychologist disagreed with his idea of being trans).
julian assange: nobody likes a tattletale
money continues to pour in to some undesignated far-off point somewhere
capsizing boat passes u.s. in global quality of life rankings
when we checked in, i tipped the employee behind the counter $50 and asked for a complimentary room upgrade, which they provided us with (becomes relevant later).
dept. of labor reports it could be nothing, but they may have spotted job in iowa strip mall
i'm there to get an a and the credit, don't quite give a shit about going above and beyond.
sauce-spatter analysis allows investigators to reconstruct horrific, grisly consumption of meatball sub
he doesnt innovate, he doesnt add to the dialouge, he simply takes up space and holds the company back from being as great as it could be.
this led me to discuss how m wants to go to a prestigious school that would demand a higher testing scores.
like a morbid curiosity." this woman was very pretentious and offensive during the class.
it's worth noting here this is in england so other than travelling to different hospitals (which my friend has to do for her sister 99% of the time, missing work because the other drivers in the family won't do it), there are no costs.
inspirational english teacher canceled out by every other teacher at school
speaking of their dog, it kept coming over to my yard and getting into fights with my pitbull.
new don blankenship campaign ad touts jobs created in wake of upper big branch mining disaster
coach filmed before live studio audience
child assured it will be long time before he dies
at the same time i'm afraid i might have been a bad friend to jane.
bush followed everywhere by line of baby ducks
as i passed her to exit the library she gave me a sneer, which frustrated me greatly and so i said, "two feet away, super simple, just move over." on my way out.
emotionally abusive social media site continuously manipulating woman into staying
most of the stuff in this post occurred when we were in grade 12 (in the same school).
i dont plan to leave him, and i...
aita for telling a black woman that she's the first person of color my daughter has met?
*you should have stayed in or by your seat further back and waited your turn.* (on those rare occasions someone announces they are late for a connecting flight and appeal to be let through, of course i accommodate.)
so-called professional gamer not even racist
i just really want a second opinion so that if i am definitely the asshole, i can quit being one.
my question is am i the ass for walking out and disobeying the orders in the first place.
new ted nugent cologne tested on 'every goddamn animal we could find'
i got a little defensive and said no and started telling him that this is what i needed, but he cut me off.
report: 87% of u.s. women achieve orgasm when fantasizing about gorton's fisherman
i don't remember the exact details, but everything about it seemed fishy.
yesterday in couples counseling he says he would like to wait for about 6 months to a year before trying to conceive again.
as i turned back around to leave another woman from across the library shouted out "you should stop talking to her.", and i replied, "okay, thanks." and continued walking.
i tell him to stop making jokes about my girlfriend while threatening to shoot.
teacher in cash-strapped ohio school district forced to make do with centuries-old firearms
i called 5 times in a panic before waking someone else up (current roommate) to go check on her, at midnight.
internet not quite done milking cory monteith's death for all it worth
lyrically speaking they need some help.) my brother is a pretty macho fella.
honda civic refusing to start engine in solidarity with striking uber workers
edit3: my concern is mostly out of guilt.
i budget and live within my means.
group of hunky cardinals appeal to pope to relax celibacy requirement
my mom has agreed that it is for the best if we block her for tonight at least and put away our phones.
news report on wartime atrocity even more powerful for its brevity
john bolton insists iran likely harboring dangerous terrorist osama bin laden
area man accidentally responds to own 'm4m' ad
aita for getting upset a very close friend didn't tell me they were in an accident?
flash forward a week or two and she tells not only me, but all of my friends that she's blocking us all, and doesn't wish to be friends with people who aren't going to side with her choices no matter what, referring to us all as "acquaintances".
after class, he comes up to my other friend at my table (this friend is r).
we didn't speak of the whole night after that, in the morning she said that she had not been able to sleep at all.
but he was away on a work trip so it fell to me.
i did not actually give her another gift.
i ended up going to riteaid and what do you know with in 5 minutes i was out of there,medicine in hand.
different culture, but still in love?
tldr; i always pick up and drive my boyfriend places even though he has his own car.
department of education study finds only 30% of students adequately prepared for spring musical
everyone on wedding dance floor simultaneously wondering if they're truly happy
they tried to take if from me and swap it for their own controller, they claimed that there was a difference other than the color which justified them taking it.
we went to the mall near christmas and parked in a handicap spot.
new x-men film features bryan singer traveling back in time to molest younger self
2nd: i don’t like doing things simply because someone says so.
'okay, i'm ready to speak to you under oath,' says eric trump from beneath rubber donald trump mask
honestly the sole thing that split us up was my desire for polygamy and his for monogamy.
hollywood removes statue of louis b. mayer beckoning judy garland to sit on his lap
i can get within a foot of a flock of birds without them noticing me and flying off.
poll: 99% of human beings would prefer big, slobbery hound dog pope
my feelings are hurt but i understand that this is her day and she should have the people she wants standing up next to her.
mit scientists perfect $30 million love tester
sony scores big win for playstation 5 after poaching yoshi from nintendo with 10-year $400 million contract
financially struggling trump campaign holds fundraising riot
obama clears 2,000 square miles of u.s. airspace for new free-range drone preserve
but am i the asshole for continuing to correct him, two weeks into him making the same mistake?
i even looked before i went around a bend and lost line of sight on her and it still looked like they were walking in the opposite direction (and she wouldn't need to walk that way, she would be walking the same way i was driving).
pope francis warns catholics this not good time to bother god
however, we get there and he wants to come in to make sure everything is ok.
the only problem is her boyfriend: i have met him, he is an engineering student, and while he was really nice to me and we chatted for quite a bit, it became clear that he is no intellectual fit for her.
she was saying that i could’ve just said no (which i did, i said no) and i didn’t have to make it sound like she was undesirable.
one of the people who reached out later offered $45.
but she’s much more adventurous, which i happen to enjoy.
i told her to go plug it up and play with it.
he cursed me as i got into my car and my dad and all the dudes came outside to find out what happened.
trump makes light-hearted jokes with dead bodies of hurricane victims during visit to carolinas
my friend was throwing a party and invited me.
pile of dirty clothes on bedroom floor starting to mix with pile of clean clothes on bedroom floor
when i did this i was scolded for being “that person” who quits the game when he knows that he has lost and everyone got really pissy with me.
aita for hitting my dad i (16) was sitting in my parents room playing spider-man ps4 after finishing my homework, and my dad started poking me in the ribs, i asked him to stop he continue and i continued to protest, so i swung at him and hit him in the face.
non-priest arrested on charges of child molestation
they broke the social code of offering to reciprocate, and in a fairly rude and dismissive manner.
i want to talk to my cousins, i have so much to say, but i’ve deprived myself and blew it.
i would never be the one to initiate, seeing as most afternoons i’m more focused on getting home so i can sleep/do my homework.
pope spends afternoon filling in glory holes all over st. peter's basilica
they argued, she started screaming "i'm tired of this!" and she divorced him and took the kids with her.
some background information about me and my situation currently, obvious throwaway so i have a long history of academic dishonesty and laziness because i don't know how to push past obstacles and actually succeeding, and instead taking the short way out and half assing everything or simply getting the answer from somewhere else, and only really putting effort into useless classes or hobbies.
i was really nice to her and always responded to her texts.
are pc gamers really that thin-skinned and elitist?
the first team due to better players who felt my lower skill level was holding them back, now this one too.
creepy weirdo still stalking you on facebook
i asked someone else why he was pissed at me, and he refused to answer then said he was going to sleep.
&#x200b; my mom, grandma, and little sister all think he over-reacted and is a horrible person for outright killing them instead of giving them away.
so i didn't say anything or try to guilt her when she told me she was hanging out with a group of people at some guys house.
the most egregious and upsetting part of m’s email was when he referred to “according to various sources and observations, conflicts are being “mediated” by a.
previously unknown prejudice against japanese surfaces during game of battleship
new carpet cleaner safe for pets that were meant to go on living
of course busy bartender doesn't mind taking picture of you and your friends
i and a number of colleagues took care of her until she became well.
she thinks i wanted more of that.
double amputee proves he is capable of anything
she thinks i devalue women by doing this, and that im closed minded and manipulative.
hillary clinton sets personal single rep squat record while watching bernie sanders on gym tv
i then decided that i had enough of her sitting like this, so i "accidentally" spilled some soda onto her legs.
aita for getting annoyed by people talking foreign languages and not be able to communicate in the national language?
wibta if i humiliated this choir because of posts they made about me on social media?
ice launches campaign to reunite immigrant children with arresting officer
study: average american has over 9 million imagined sexual partners in lifetime
it's just a habit that i didn't really realize.
when we first met, we basically completely forgot our surroundings and stayed in some bar till 3 am, talking about all kinds of topics.
am i wrong for thinking this way?
he says that he thinks my crooked teeth are actually cute but that he’s disappointed that i have something to insult him back with so quickly.
aita for getting upset with my bf for calling me an "8/10"?
supreme court gets free box of shoes after mentioning nike in ruling
i won't stop playing games, i'll just continue to hide and play until school begins.
some info: i don't eat meat and my so does eat meat, but i think they are trying to eat less.
we’ve been together five years and she’s literally my best friend.
i said to them that they’ll never get a job in engineering without a degree.
9-pound infant barrels way down birth canal
most people in the class thought it was allison's decision to stop, but the teacher literally told her she would fail her if she didn't stop unfairly helping other people.
mitt romney, paul ryan to awkwardly hug, high five for next three months
she won’t use blankets or keep her door open at night to allow air to circulate.
i can’t force her to go get checked up.
unfortunately, she didnt bring any herself.
dad immediately hands phone to mom
my son is no longer "with" the mother of his daughter, but they share custody and spend quite a bit of time together as well.
which i was going to tell you about but, apparently that doesn't mean anything to you!" both my mom and dad were then temporily off the topic of my grades and we discussed my scholarship.
vice presidential handlers lure cheney into traveling crate
3rd: i don’t like how in the end, the burden had fallen to me to be the one to be the grown up and move when he was the one causing the fuss.
aita if i kick out my roommate for leaving my cat to die?
wibta if i broke up with him?
mar-a-lago member complains about loud, obnoxious cabinet meeting at next table
breaking: aclu hard as a fucking rock right now
i recognized that she was also mourning, but the asshole in me was upset that she was mourning over someone that she had never met, whereas i would always carry the wound of my father not being there.
mark zuckerberg insists anyone with same skewed values and unrelenting thirst for power could have made same mistakes
mother still searching for preschool that focuses exclusively on her son
my mother seems to think that me brining wine to her home on thanksgiving is not okay, for the sole reason that my uncle is a recovering alcoholic.
i think she is just using it as an excuse to get her way and get me to feel sorry for her.
i find this to be unsportsmanlike, especially because it's a casual game, that he's forcing everyone to play out the game until he's truly lost by the rules, because he believes there's a possibility that he could still draw some people do takes mac's side.
she told me that it’s my fault for getting pissed off and doing that because she never asked me to and she called me the asshole for trying to put this on her (i obviously had less time for her with all the unpaid extra work) and try make her feel guilty.
i had no beef against the rep but i want to be credited for unused service.
area man lives to correct pronunciation
google unveils new larry page–driven car
the text conversation seemed to be going alright.
aita for blowing up my friends minecraft creation?
am i the asshole for thinking that some of the complaints are a little ridiculous?
so i’ve been flying pretty regularly for the past year and always alone for work when flying.
are the cops going to catch me?
but last year 2017 he went to america to work at a camp and when he was away he got drunk and made out with a girl.
three weeks ago while i am sleeping, they came in with their rap music and spoke loudly.
he isn't old and we have a six foot privacy fence in a good neighborhood.
but i broke her trust and probably destroyed my relationship with her (and i still love her).
this, i absolutely acknowledge, i had never had a better friend than her.
we've recently been going through a tough time and i'm upset that she's spending 2-3 nights a week completely away from me.
b has changed, at least from what i can see, into a different, far better person.
two nights later, we strike up a conversation, and she ends up coming to my place.
j.f.k. high cougars to go, fight, win
area man experimented with sex back in college
old man with foggy eye not even magical
some minor issues at home at the time as well, but they they were not a big a deal, it just all snowballed from all sides.
i'd really like for both my wife and i to be in the room and paying attention to what the doctor is saying, rather than one of us out walking around with the one-year-old or having her in there distracting us &#x200b; their response is that they've already said they would babysit my sister's kids next week.
if i decide to binge games until 2am, i still have to meet that college student or have that online session with a student three time zones ahead.
we always talked about our home lives and what our plans in life were.
gop attacks christine blasey ford for never coming forward to testify
upon doing so, the cashier told me i would be receiving on the order of $9 back.
this post exploded unexpectedly and i've tried to respond to as many comments as i can, but there's just too many of you.
police homicide investigation uncovers cap in ass
she told me not to worry about it since she will meet with a guy tomorrow (today) who will buy her old sport-shoes.
teacher sees potential in student with glasses
man pledges loyalty to brand in quiet convenience store ceremony
after having multiple conversations with her, i came up with the courage to ask her out on a date.
no need to pay rent or even for laundry detergent.
obama throws small business owner into seat, tells him to just smile and keep his fucking mouth shut
another reason i don't really talk to max anymore.
our daughter was screwing around like a typical toddler and reached for my wife's fork.
jaws of death used to stuff woman into burning car
after we finished a match, he brought a cheese platter down (like wtf) to snack on and i said i didn't like cheese.
mccain late to debate due to greyhound delays
so i'm here to ask all the people i pass on the right, aita?
i usually take him on a long walk in the evening around 7 after i get home from work.
fuck, my bad, i was trying to shoot the shit and tease you a bit but god damn not attack, insult, and fight you over seeing the doctor of all things.
arne duncan stressed about preparing for standardized secretary of education exam
my mother was picking on me for not doing great on an exam.
report: states quietly raising speed limits near failing schools
upon returning to the store to show her my id to make sure the guy wasn't fired.
i asked her what i had done wrong for her to ignore me.
i'm disturbed by the way the friends family handled things, and i found it extremely inappropriate.
my current one is a cheap one and since i want to have more storage and better camera, i asked for a new one (i'm not going to tell which one but it's quite expensive).
he told me, that i would have to sleep on the couch and i agreed.
last week was my 30^(th) wedding anniversary.
tissue feeling a certain responsibility to lift tissue behind it halfway out of box
then, he threw a bin at my face and i just lost control and slapped him in his face in a rage of anger and then i shouted at him “get out!” after i calmed down i realised what i did and i felt mortified with myself, i really feel like an asshole here.
accidentally closing browser window with 23 tabs open presents rare chance at new life
anyway, me and my gf, "jenna" have been together now for about 8 months, and things have been pretty fine.
&#x200b; thanks guys for helping me see past my emotions.
the game was a racing game.
law-abiding citizen keeps herself on track with weekly cheat day
it was manageable for a year or two, but then it really started to get in the way.
so we get to the sitters house and go in, as i’m setting down her car seat the sitters great dane comes from another room and takes a bite of my arm.
justin timberlake pulling panicked all-nighter after realizing new album due tomorrow
author dismayed by amazon customers' other purchases
every f--ing saturday at 6 am my neighbor wakes me up tinkering with his car.
i told her our sex would be much more enjoyable for both of us since i would actually enjoy it as well.
yearbook committee forced to print mug shot
you pretended not to know what i was talking about which really fucking hurt and then jsut now, got so fucking angry at my that it quite literally made me even more upset.
i think she had a serious mental after the whole ordeal with me but should i feel bad because 1 she ghosted me.
new hobby to tide retired man over until death
sharon stone auctioned off to german conglomerate
however, i've been feeling kind of guilty as of late.
i’m sure they expected me to tell them a week or two before i really left.
i'll try to keep it to the point.
b and i got in a fight, and he changed his passwords; i didn't think to do this immediately, and b screenshotted dms between me and another friend and leaked them to the person we were talking about.
to be a guy must be so easy.
us and our other best friend were supposed to go out to dinner for her.
now that i think about it, i know that it was because i wasn't good mentally and i just wanted someone to think that what i did was okay you, do you think it was okay?
i do not want to stab her in the back.
she called me malicious and attacked me.
area waitress has one hell of an ass on her, local man will tell you that right now
i also need him to start feeling emotions again (because he has essentially shut down due to his tourette syndrome).
we cross paths with the girlfriend of the party coordinator.
taco bell employee somehow dressed down by manager
first day of school photos a chance to see how much cousin's kids are chunking out this year
it's just super weird because you are best friends with my ex, who i'm pretty sure still has feelings for me.
she has always been a bit messy and i lean pretty close to a neat freak.
she stayed over that night and she was still doing it and eventually it got to me and i had to ask her about it.
aita for the way i teach my kid to eat and drink healthy.
i don’t talk to him about these actions often outside of the times he does them so when we have had friends over and he does something that i’ve mentioned to him before, i’ll call him out again.
i chose one of my classmates, who wasn't very attractive and or popular.
am i the asshole for being so focused on her body?
aita for opening the discussion on restarting an old relationship, while we both have new relationships?
i’ve always seen religion as something irrelevant in my life and i’ve never really felt a spiritual connection or anything.
lindsey graham asks nearby family to take his picture for photo op
twins, a boy and a girl.
romney volunteers going door-to-door to let obama supporters know president's dead
i’d especially appreciate feedback from non gender conforming people.
i looked at her and said, "do you really think i'd make that with flour?
this girl is a knockout, has the rare quality of being a great listener, and isn't obsessed with herself.
extension cord on stage steals spotlight from jeb bush during campaign rally
i lost my job and its been hell.
sweating, trembling mom still coming down from high of having kids under one roof
weird kid opts to sit perfectly still, let universe decide his fate after teacher instructs class to pair up
that it may not be that late and we might get this thing cured if cancer is what is affecting me, otherwise i'll just need to take some pills and go through some recovery and whatnot.
\[4:03 pm\] me: giving a hard time = talking shit.
i was aware of this going in, but i voiced my strong preference against rooming with couples, anyone under 25, anyone older than 40, or women (can't stand their hair everywhere!).
world health organization releases top 10 most fucked up causes of death
aita for being cold towards my coworker that i have feelings for?
and i apologized for the joke before she blocked me.
first off, i cheated on my wife.
so i helped and my friend did too to push her car out of the ditch.
- seriously saying i was ‘just an idiot’ for asking about the rules of handball (in front of our whole gym class) - arguing with our math teacher about getting a better grade until she cried - helping the other team score points while playing a basketball warmup, by throwing them the ball and yelling “oops!!!!”.
bf hasn’t seen him for months and he barely texts or calls.
department of interior employee caught embezzling 50,000 wolves
embarrassed california firefighters realize they've been spraying flames this whole time
family issues, money issues, both of us struggle a lot with a variety of mental health issues and trauma.
cousin saw it and she wanted to give both dogs away (she’s been wanting to do it for sometimes now whenever the other dog cause troubles but since the boyfriend wants the dogs to always be together, she said she would give both away) and it made me angry because of how irresponsible she is.
marie has been a problem from day 1.
increasingly anxious man worried order confirmation email never going to come
so i snap back with “yeah it’s great.
if he mentions my "hormonal female typicality" i tend to be quite mean and say "so your mother is just as useless as me considering she's female too".
i never really saw her at the parties either.
my roommate and i live in a two bedroom apartment.
trapped chilean miners considering how funny it would be if they all died right as rescuers completed tunnel
new smithsonian exhibit details how fashion pioneers tamed the frumpy west
i explained that it would have been rude to my partner to just bail.
she said sorry, and then started talking about how no one knew what was going on with me and they were confused/worried.
something happened between them this morning, but i don’t know what (my wife wouldn’t say).
friends place memorial on section of six flags roller coaster track where guest died
cat dead set on finding way into mirror
just leave out the crying.) i really want him to do this for me.
i was in a relationship with my ex for 8 months when i met “kyle”.
my father and i don’t live in the same state, so i don’t get to see him a lot, but i’m almost 30.
i'm not sure what do about it atm, but does me wanting to have the desklight on even when he's sleeping make me an asshole?
supercuts ceo apologizes for number of customers scalped every month
(example: we had a similar fight about getting married (after being together 10 years) where it took me over 6 months to convince him it was important to me and he needed to learn to compromise.) tl;dr - ultimately, am i being a see you next tuesday because i’ve tried twice now to convince to my husband to give cbd oil a try for his tourette syndrome despite him saying no?
i hide my favorite ones at the back of the display so no one can see them unless they look.
trump admits he assumed roger stone was already in prison
'repealing net neutrality will help spur innovation,' announces face of ajit pai blaring from every computer screen in nation
he posted that he worked at a local petco.
anyway, now that this relationship is getting more long term i wonder if i should break up, because deep down i know i wouldn't want to marry her or start a "future" with her.
while she gets off at 4.) yes, they have their own home now, away from me.
she doesn't owe me her affection, nor does she owe me her time.
now, it was 2am, and finding an open place at this time would’ve been nearly impossible and i didn’t want to be out on the roads for longer than i had to on a friday night.
lucky bastard gets to be in coma
couple of days go by and me and him were talking in dms when asked me if i was dating her.
i don’t think it’s worth breaking up over but it is kind of annoying.
magazine editor undergoes sleek new redesign
area man has own version of neighborhood-watch program
**abf**: i told \[bf\] it was a maybe (bf says he confirmed his attendance, but maybe there was a misunderstanding, though i'm not inclined to think so.) saturday was my one day back in houston and i left.
so, maybe 30 to 35 people removed.
city planner gets halfway through designing city before realizing he's just doing philadelphia again
i even encouraged her to help her mom (she also needs from time to time as she cannot work)
we noticed the waiter forgot one of our meals, and this meant that we were faced with two options.
'new york times' apologizes for running anti-semitic comic strip 'shylock the shyster' for past 37 years
wibta if i didn't invite my father to my graduation ceremony?
aita for not telling my boyfriend about the snow?
d's perspective, i'm a lazy student who doesn't care about her class, which is wholly true.
romney still in hot water after reading gop platform verbatim
camera crew discreetly trails overweight woman for obesity segment
my mum, however, has had enough and storms off.
for the men, 7/9 toilet visits would require not only lifting the seat, but putting it down again afterwards.
but he went into his room then sent me the venmo request which i thought was rude because it wasn’t accompanied by a text or just him saying that he was going to send it.
she was upset from our previous arguments, disagreement and wanted to talk at 1130pm and i was really tired and told her that i dont want to talk now that we can talk later.
even getting the second one was tough because yeah, it's tough going through the motions when there's really nothing there.
man made clear-headed choice to upload series of online videos explaining how to install surround sound speakers
16-year-old excited to have whole summer to plan shooting for next school year
roommate a & b raked what they could and have now said i have to finish it by tomorrow.
aita for not visiting my grandmother for 3 years apologies in advance for the long story.
she expresses a desire to help, but the help she provides is not...helpful.
driver swerves to avoid deer standing right in middle of zoo
i told him that i could easily say that he's a snake back for trying to take advantage of me while i was asleep.
although my anger was a problem when i was a kid, i was able to get it under control when i was a teenager and it's never been an issue in the other long-term relationships i've had.
at this point im still a bit uncertain.
usually schools on weekdays and church groups or other kinds of groups during the weekends and summer.
well as it turns out im a jealous fuck so i go to her facebook to see if shes friends with the guy.
but in all honesty i feel better knowing what is up.
new romney ad claims candidate does not oppose women in cases of rape, incest
recently divorced 40-year-old struggling to navigate college dating scene
and i said when we started this relationship that i wouldn't want them too.
cryptic long john silver's campaign just says 'you are the bait now'
overall it wasn't that productive a session, but i guess it was an entry-level lesson on women for me.
some more cruel stuff was said.
spanx introduces new shapewear hood to smooth unsightly heads
she only cleans the litter boxes once a week some times longer.
i’m also not a troll or shitposter, and this is a 100% actual conversation between us.
president, cabinet move into new open plan offices
taliban agrees to peace deal despite concerns about america's human-rights record
greek populace woken up at 6 a.m. by angela merkel's voice booming through loudspeakers across country
i sometimes forget she's not single and whenever it hits me during our talks it makes me feel like a total douche.
blissful ignorance commemorated on annual 9/10 anniversary
so while he was away visiting the new guy and i was feeling lonely and sad i thought i'd try to take my mind off the situation by having a hook up with a guy i've seen once before.
at this point i flatly told her no, he's not going.
i think that he father is emotionally manipulative and her was fear monger omg to make his family against me.
they shut up after that but kept snickering, i'm assuming at me.
a is very aware of the existence of b in my life and understands and respects the dynamics of our relationship as friends and dog parents.
every time there was an "excuse" like "i'm looking for a job at the moment, not the best timing." basically, her excuses always depended on something external, i.e.
she was not going to freeze to death.
i'd be fine with twice a week.
it is douchey to wear earbuds in public.
area man has always had soft spot for puck
we've had sex twice this week and i was hoping we'd have sex again last night or this morning (ovulation predicted for today) but my husband was too tired.
so the reason i was so pissed off during the movie is because i felt i had made my feelings on phone use during a movie very plain and she kept doing it, meaning she had been lying about how she would have respected my feelings about the money thing if i'd only made them apparent.
i'd like it to be 2-3 each week and think it's just a matter of effort; if she loved me it'd come naturally.
infertile aunt doing it up big at kids table
fred durst spray paints 'limp bizkit' on bridge
gumption rewarded with even more work
stephen king stuck at book signing for hours writing personalized novels for line of fans
he told me to do something about it, and said that i was "jealous" of him (i have no idea what he means by this).
i don't don't think much of it.
it created a loud noise and people stopped to look.
then i later convinced him to let me buy a new one and then let sarah know i could sell after all!
aita for not allowing my daughter to go to her friends house because it’s in a rough area..
30-year-old loser still hanging around teen choice awards
aita for getting up to go pee while my dog is asleep on my lap?
washington monument set up on blind date with eiffel tower
i know it wasn’t a great thing to ask, but if i hadn’t asked at all i had no chance of success.
aita for refusing to pay my new roommate’s old roommate?
now my mum is asking me to “apologise for my behaviour” before she’ll take me back to university tomorrow.
poll: 96% of bands looking for slightly better drummer
for some background, i recently rescued my dog and he has a lot issues with people, and other dogs.
she moved far away to do that (which i encouraged) and she's been asking me to move with her, but i don't want to lose my financial independence by moving before i have a job.
so i've been talking to some guy for about two months.
man in elevator in on conversation now
&#x200b; she has started going to school, and is going full time while also trying to working part time.
tiny ben carson tugs at debate moderator's pant leg
i’m not the most empathetic person in the world, so it didn’t exactly faze me.
i found the sellers and made deals and got him his stuff and to make a little profit i increased the price a little bit to my friend.
he did say i could date, though, so i set up a date later that night (it was a wednesday, and the date was for friday when i knew my ex would be at a friend's birthday party).
family cuts nursing home visit short so grandmother can get back to excruciating loneliness
my friends are really looking forward to it so if i don't go i feel like they would be very unhappy, especially since they've planned out things and searched for accommodation and stuff.
in response to the email my father in law wanted to skype with me.
i go to carve up a turkey my family had blessed me with for the holidays.
what really pissed me off is that she almost drove my best friend to tears recently over dinner, basically indirectly criticizing her for always hanging around someone elses man instead of finding her own.
was my expectation of silent car inappropriate?
i honestly feel he's better off not knowing who i am and him knowing that his family from his mom's side is good and it being a mystery on his dads side of what he actually comes from.
i feel very angry about this.
>me: what you're telling me is that nobody is actually communicating with me what they want.
wibta if i sleep with a woman i've been volunteering to help?
democratic presidential candidates endorse new 'medicare for all'-branded cigna insurance plan for only $400 per month
this'll hopefully at least shed some more light on why i was taken aback so abruptly.
(not like we ate anyway) but i still left a $20 for the waitress and assured her and the manager that it was only my fault and not the waitresses fault at all.
keanu reeves recalls preparing for 'john wick 3' by acting in two previous 'john wick' films
last remaining ivory-billed woodpecker really squandering species' final weeks
putin will try the, how you say, fried chicken
her dad had suffered from cancer for around 16 years but was severely ill for the past 3.
u.s. changes motto to 'america... we're gonna make ya smile'
at the time i kinda had romantic feelings for her but they weren't strong enough for me to like do anything about it and since they were dating i was like duh no chance but i was fine with that because i was doing my own thing and exploring myself i wasn't in a state to have a relationship at that time but do keep in mind i was not the reason they broke up.
investigation exposes ebay user for selling fake pulitzer medals
maybe that in of itself is a line.
luckily i have a stepbrother who works at that same hospital(this is where it gets really cringe), and he got her last name and the next time she worked so i could send her flowers, so i do with a cringy note attached saying something to the effect of “being in the hospital sucked but you made it suck less”, enough for her to remember me, and my phone number.
highly touted terrorist prospect weighing multiple recruitment offers
c and a were a part of the church, and c tried her best to tear down my character just so a would drop me as a friend, using my religion as leverage against me.
i went to check on her and she said she wasn't ready for a relationship, and that she needs to focus on getting her life together.
i say no not really, in my mind that’s something she wants to do, her “project” so i say no.
artist always carries around sketchbook in case he feels like making someone uncomfortable
in the beginning of this year i got a job offer abroad, and i was initially not considering taking it.
i will always be a social person, and i will never be dishonest or disloyal.
emily only got a few slaps and punches from her mother whenever she made mistakes, and i was the victim of my father getting drunk and verbally abusing me from ages 2-6.
i was being annoying asking for cuddles while he was sleeping, he (while asleep) told me that i was being annoying and had been acting ridiculous since the moment he came into my apartment and just wanted to sleep and to please leave him alone.
recently, she got involved with a guy who was cheating on his gf to bang her.
we didn’t fight, but i was unable to drop the subject until i heard what i needed, which unfortunately ended in her feeling guilty and being quite upset.
i do feel bad but it looked like he'd been shot.
my sister has been very distant from the family ever since she left home for university.
report: it going to take way more than an inconceivable act of violence for country to rise above politics
after moving expenses i was extemely broke, communiting 45 minutes daily for a minimum wage job while being a full time student meant i was living paycheck to paycheck and barely making it.
i'm the dick because i didn't want to hold a baby while driving like britney?
local band finds great photo for flier
his actions seemed completely innocent to me, if at times poorly judged or conceived, and as much as i saw my wife's discomfort, i always told her it was meant in good spirit and had a hard time seeing why that was not a good enough excuse.
scientists finally prove what area dad has been saying for years
when i got to the hospital, i opened the door, pushed dopey out, honked several times, and drove back home and went to sleep.
aita for getting really angry at my upstairs neighbors for them walking around with their shoes on in their apartment and making a lot of noise?
email from mom sent at 5:32 a.m.
there are a couple factors at play here as to why we may be having difficulties, so my thought is to rule out as much as possible.
is that a dick move to invite others without asking first person?
~~~ that said, i hadn't considered a lot of things said in the comments.
she is concerned about the level of anxiety i am experiencing and thinks that the event may have been traumatic for me and had lasting effects, some of you had said the same thing in your comments.
3) my wife is also frustrated at me for taking more recreational time/opportunities that she thinks is needed, given the circumstances.
obama, rachel goldstein really hitting it off on group trip to israel
man at bar clinging to muted 'king of queens' episode like life preserver
we usually go for dinner when i see him, but not the movies or anything else.
indeed, i already drive slower on your driveway that i do elsewhere and now i know that you would like me to go even slower, which i will do.
area man could use the overtime anyway
aita for defying my mom/potentially leading on my bf?
i’ve heard people mumble “gross” when i do this.
to further complicate things i'm moving away for college in 2 months to a city that's about a 3h drive away.
ivana trump calls ex-husband to ask him what he did to her beautiful baby boy
me talking about how much work i had would be met with "oh you just get good grades, its probably not even hard for you." whilst also thinking that, because i talk to the teacher a lot because i'm literally suicidal that i'm getting extra help lolol.
he apologized for being an ass all day.
i accepted his apologies obviously but refused to bargain and decided that we would talk about it in real life wednesday.
rodent clearly making its way through steve bannon's body throughout national security meeting
it is interesting to see drastic views on firearms.
cleveland indians owner admits chief wahoo no longer compatible with modern revenue growth expectations
woman with sore throat thinks it might be anthrax
single diner in empty restaurant asked to move to smaller table
again, it's me against the two of them and i just get so frustrated.
young billionaire's age not reported for sake of nation's ego
he became very dependent on the family and for the most part they seemed very happy.
i’m aware that with any other crowd, this was super inappropriate to say, but having already given a disclaimer of sorts and still being asked to say it, am i the asshole?
i was upset at myself but, i didn't know how to fix it and the hole just kep't getting deeper until the last two weeks when i was able to pull it all together.
lucky old woman getting wheeled around airport
her dad said he was going to pay for her dress, but guess what, because of those bank issues this (and every other previous debt) had to be made on her or her mother's credit card.
this was a first time incident, it’s not like he has had issues with us keeping him up before, and if he has he’s never mentioned it to either of us.
either someone 14th caller or everything on fire at spanish radio station
almost always i ask first what they are looking for (i.e.
i do give him handjobs and i'm more than satisfied with just making out with him.
limited-edition russet potato comes with certificate of authenticity
when i told my parents that i didn't want to go, they started to scold me and tried to shame me into going, saying how my aunt took care of me when i was a baby.
its something he actually needed and its something he can use on a regular basis and it something i put alot of thought and care into buying and i expected him to be genuinely happy about receiving.
and they said i can't come home ever if i don't go back to school but its been to long anyway.
i grew up with a shitty father and i know from my experience that the kid would be better of with a non existent father then a shitty one.
everything started to go wrong when my second cousins opened their mouths.
area woman has more than 200 products to help calm her
i hope this whole situation fits here.
since tuesday my bf had hid the gym every single day.
i love dogs and cats, but my dog is the light of my life.
there was no time for anything to happen.
i usually go 5 over because if you don't around here then you will usually get tailgated.
she has a website and instagram where the photos are posted.
taylor swift now dating senator joseph mccarthy
report: most americans' retirement plans consist of hoping their random junk turns out to be collector's item worth millions
one, she is in school...and frequently asks for my help with papers, projects, studying, etc.
aita for "breaking up" the family over a lottery ticket?
she hasnt messaged back all night.
this morning he was on the phone with his boss and was complaining about something his boss was telling him he could not do.
state of the union preceded by memoriam reel of americans lost in past year
junk mail locked back inside letterbox until something more important delivered
rookie cop laying on the jargon a little thick
as the weekend came to a close i could tell she was getting antsier and antsier but it honestly didn't clue in what the deal was.
i also said something to the nicer coach about how i really appreciated all his help, but was frustrated at the head coach for saying stuff to me without thinking constantly.
and i don't mean that i get pissed at her directly but just that my anger will sometimes prevent us both from having what should be a good time.
chris kattan wondering whether he should start a podcast
fridge magnet a constant reminder of arizona's existence
her knees have gone bad and so have her ankles.
'we must restore rule of law,' says trump as aides pass out revolvers to audience
my son became hysterical and it didn’t go over well with my wife.
not once during the day did he check with me to see what time we had to be at my rents, or if we were doing okay for time or if it was okay we were running late.
he’s helped me through so much and i’m sure he is my emotional support dog (i can’t get a license for him to be one because cousin still owns him).
then roommate 2 says that after learning roommate 1 got them, he got them too.
now, i just want to know if i would be as asshole if i asked my husband to talk to stepdaughter about knocking first.
aita for not lighting hanukkah candles with my dad context: i’ve never been a religious person before although my dads side of the family is jewish and recently my dad has tried to get more in touch with his heritage, even going as far as taking hebrew lessons.
i have a new gf, and we've just moved to a great new apartment.
cholera outbreak makes americans glad they don't live in africa
historical archives: john jameson's miracle concoction
i know i have no right to judge her for potentially having a horrible illness i’ll most likely never have, but something just irks me about it.
to explain the dynamics of this class, i have to explain how the course is set up.
area man too busy for his buddy phil, eh?
breakup doesn't seem to have changed relationship
i acknowledged i also dropped the ball, but that i figured i could at lease salvage my own grade if these other clowns would not do it.
letter from employer thankfully omits balls-copying incident
report: u.s. parents' top concern is child dying from something they could be blamed for
she generally arranges it for days when i would be cooking anyway, so i don't miss out.
i still love and appreciate him a lot, he's still my best friend but there are few romantic feelings left.
and i wasn't to happy as you could imagine, as that's not how this works.
i continue to tell her we dont really even have the gas for her to be going across town every day.
aita for wanting my boyfriend to spend time with me on our anniversary, even if it means he’d have to skip his final game to see me?
nation flattered brand would go to the trouble of selling them a hand-crafted product
but i kept asking, and the staff (particularly the team captain) kept reassuring me that they wanted to be my friends and wanted me on the team.
i have worked my whole life to make him successful and he just throws me away
i text d, and he said that he did it because he thought they should get to know her before prom (me and m probably aren’t even going to be sitting with them at prom).
philip morris ceo forces senator to dance for his amusement
queen elizabeth screaming at stockbroker to dump everything
bill o'reilly tearfully packs up framed up-skirt photos from desk
new study finds solving every single personal problem reduces anxiety
i flipped, i said that she tricked me, and she was a lie and a lier, and to get out before i do or say something that i cant take back.
grandmother down to 10-step radius around recliner in den
my manager had me scheduled for long shifts this weekend, because on those days, he usually need 3-4 people, with him and me for the afternoon/evening (half of the people don't cook, even though they can , due to being too slow, so generally someone else does so).
cubs fans cautiously optimistic after jake arrieta throws 8th no-hitter, team scores over 30 runs for 12th consecutive game
he thinks it's fine because it's paid.
frustrated iranian scientist forced to shut down project he spent 12 goddamn years of his life on
71 percent of americans approve of clinton's approval rating
stuff we imagine really snobby rich people do since we all came from modest backgrounds.
i used a surrogate and with ivf i chose all their genders to be male, the eggs i chose were from a candidate with a 140 iq and she came from money herself.
ty cobb returns to old private practice in enchanted forest toadstool
i wish for a new phone.
the spot on my right front fender had a mild scrape on it from a pole i had scraped a few months before this.
he really is a great guy and we never really fought or had many problems but i just found myself more inclined to be with this other guy who i view as better.
it turns out that after tearing apart his luggage and probably calling his wife or someone to confirm that he was the father, they let him back on the bus.
wedding strains relationship to breaking point
i was reassured that the team still really valued/wanted me, and the new player was a replacement for the other guy, and my role wouldn't change.
she wanted to know when tommy would arrive there but didn’t ring him.
now the events that follow i think need a bit of explaining, but basically i am admittedly a hot headed person and there is one point of contention between m, a, and a i: money.
fast forward to the present day and i've been in a relationship for just over four months now.
fda to increase recommended dosage of acetaminophen for children who can handle their shit
she seemed quite offended, did not want to know the reason, and said she would not attend without him.
do a little bit of running or something?
it's unreal to me that he can claim love for me but get so bitter about these parts of my personality.
**tl;dr** *i told my friend i would teach three of his lectures while he travels back home.
since she does not work and has been struggling with her anger and dealing with the children, i said i would not feel comfortable leaving the kids with her in the home that i pay for.
determined circle of friends diligently traces back how they got onto this conversation topic
i asked her what she wanted, and she said that she needs to remain faithful because of her daughter.
b did not feel the same way and replied during the break.
aita for thinking that my sil is an asshole for trying to sell a set of season tickets (1 game) to her brother or sister?
i was mind blown, confused, dumbfounded.
i taunted him about me and nicole, his mom who died of cancer when he was young, his dyslexia, and general other insults.
i finally vomited, passed gas, and the stomach pains/nausea started to fade.
thank you to everyone that took their time out to give me a thoughtful answer and to the people that reached out to me in private, i am really grateful.
so to preface the girl in question was my closest friend before we began dating this past summer.
'secretary clinton is a different person than donald trump,' says bernie sanders in ringing endorsement
study: 90% of americans strongly opposed to each other
am i the asshole, or am i justified?
i'm about to drive home from getting my flu shot, but called my wife first and apologized to her for not helping more.
both him and my mom said that it was an example, and “it was my choice to be offended by an example, as i was victimising myself.” i think they are great parents, and that specific instance of trying to make me less disinterested in getting ready (which, in my opinion, is not a big of a matter as they make it to be) seems like the right path.
aita for letting my bestfriend sleepover, even though my girlfriend doesn't like her hi guys, so this happened last night.
nation's sexual degenerates impatient for gay marriage slippery slope to kick in
who warns against eating fish and keeping active following death of world's oldest woman
i caught on that it might be her boyfriend trying to get some sort of confession out of me coz he asked me that the other day.
i was being a moron again and assumed that maybe she had changed.
white house now just holding continuous going-away party for departing staffers
it was just because i noticed she had fuller thighs and it gave her a nice shape.
my girlfriend is about 3/4 african american but still somewhat light skinned.
friend has some jerky in clear, unlabeled bag for you to try
area man coughs to let others know he's in bathroom
it's not really fair to proclaim me at wrong when you can't even really help laughing, it just happens, and i tried to play it off, but he saw it immediately.
from this point, i was basically alone for a week.
she comes up, looks at it and says, "i can't eat that, you used flour for the gravy, i'm gluten intolerant"!
to make my relationship with this guy clear, i've known him for nine years, nearly half of my life, and i think we're pretty close friends.
michael dukakis wakes up not angry for first time since 1988 election
in my defense is she is a lot more likable when not in neurotic anxiety ridden state.
and someone else might have stolen as much as they could.
however as i arrived at the venue i received a video call from him which to my surprise was not him but a member of an ambulance team who had somehow picked up my friend while he was at the previous station.
i politely shook his hand, but my brain somehow percieved him as just another load onto my already overloaded brain.
nobody at capital one can remember why it put vikings in its ads
i noticed a table on it and asked her "amanda, what the hell is that?" she said "it's the table." "what table??" "the one i asked you about in the office while you were sleeping...?" i had no idea what the hell she was talking about and saw the table that she apparently showed me.
she made it difficult for the person who had moved in (as a favour to her to help her make rent in a nice building) to stay, to the point where she's not leaving.
queen elizabeth disappointed in new royal baby boy's lack of proper inbreeding
things were going well for a few weeks we did catch her out in a few lies but didn't make to much of an issue of it.
there weren't a lot of people in the restaurant either).
sessions rattles baton along prison bars in speech vowing to crack down on violent crime
he has a lot of off time currently as he has quite some time off from work and gets bored while i work in the office 8 to 5.
trump boys announce they will not hesitate to egg russia if provoked
cow worried it will never live up to father's usda rating
last night i had a lengthy discussion about a guy my best friend was interested in.
tl;dr: my boyfriend saw a notification for a text from a (platonic) man friend i met on reddit and started a rapid fire interrogation about the extent of our relationship.
hostage negotiation talks stall in congress
oh, and they’ll pay for my bachelors.
all they had to do was come to the shop and ask for the chair.
since then i just stopped talking to her and dicided to dont help her out until she apologize.
radicals, extremists vie for control of iran
he could honestly be my uncle.
luxury-craving nation confidently squandering income at pre-2008 levels
there are people at all other corners respecting the crossing guard guidance.
am i the asshole for being mad that he didn’t consider helping out my brother?
since we started living in the same space, however, i really felt we were growing apart.
never provides an answer as to why she broke up with me and drags me along with no intention to get back together with me.
quaker oats assembly-line worker fired for 'oops! all berries' incident
hr sends out reminder email about not scrawling 'revenge' in blood in conference room
ted nugent talks that way even when buying socks
have you ever hated someone so much that every little thing annoys you?
she'll decide when i can see the kids and when i can come home.
census bureau releases annual report on neighborhood vibes
now moving to a more recent day, she mentioned a single time that she wanted one more tattoo depicting her profession and i got pretty upset about that aswell.
if she wants something then she can buy it, and she lives at home with two of her siblings whilst contributing towards the upkeep for her home significantly.
now everything has gone to a head and she has flat out told me that she does not want me to fuck her, and i am very angry and hurt.
she raised me catholic, and both of us have hit a series of crossroads with our faith.
evangelical christians enter 10th day of vigil outside your house
then they turn around and steal my discovery.
doctor weirded out by patient she just met providing every lurid detail of medical history
child getting pretty cozy with stranger's leg
courtney love screams at korean manicurist
we were just fuck buddies for about two weeks, and after much thinking i realized i really did like this girl and told her i'd like to give us a shot, so we started "dating".
it's mostly the way she acts.
'i'd like the crispy chicken sandwich' first truthful thing man has said in weeks
she became ill about 5 years ago and was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and was her primary care giver for 9 months of her treatment as i had to continue on with work.
i would’ve just headed out the door to go home if i didn’t remember that i needed to pick up my holiday bonus check from the customer service desk.
robbie krieger goes 51 minutes without mentioning jim morrison
you know, the people who you wonder whether they even enjoy the vacation with how many pictures they must be taking.
**tl;dr:** i convinced my daughter the vegan food of her uncle was play-doh and the whole family just played arts and crafts with it at the dinner table instead of eating what he prepared for us.
after im done he gets a message from a friend that seems important so i wanted to open it and show him what it said immediately.
or maybe spread rumors about me.
i woke up before him, as is usual, and when i go use the tv i see he has porn left on it from the night before.
as a result, i don't act as nice as i should be and am distant around her since any conversation leads to an argument.
i told him to go to hell.
a few weeks ago i felt bad for him always doing it to me so i sucked him but i immediately felt awful and sick with myself and i told him nicely (not in a mean way) that this wasn't what i am and we should stop 6.
let me explain: i was at a restaurant last week with my sister.
roommate 1 tells me a couple days ago that he ordered the same pair.
the other day she showed me a brand new ($120) of school shoes which i refused and told her to take them back, this made her quite upset with me and makes me feel like an asshole but i had to endure it so she can save money.
everything you worked so hard for lying in splinters at your feet
it looked like she was about to cry, but she said that she had met this boy who she’d liked for a year.
>him: so i give it to you.
report: all the good stuff costs, like, 200 bucks
'help has to be on the way now,' thinks syrian man currently being gassed
lastly, the aesthetics clinics i work at definitely have clients who expect i be there on their scheduled appointment availabilities, otherwise they might just go elsewhere for their botox/filler needs, and not come back to the clinic again.
&#x200b; two i normally do thank people for presents even if i don't like them.
she was impressed by my mandarin fluency, and so we exchanged social media information.
she hadn't spoken to me since.
horrible band obviously not listening to its influences
wibta if i go any further down the rabbit hole?
she suggests i stay after school to finish it.
the spot he proposed to me was on snapchat days before (which is when i discovered another lie because when i was crying in the fall he told me he had it planned).
american dental association recommends making your gums hurt really bad once a day
apparently nicole and chris broke up because chris cheated on her and nicole wanted revenge.
we tripped together maybe two to four times a year, and over time i noticed that if he would take more than three tabs he would absolutely lose his sense of reality.
every time i or anyone sees her we tell her to get off and she does with no compliants but she still does it everyonce in awhile and my sister is sick of it.
then, she refused to take back those words as she told me that she already said them.
boss makes lipstick prints on paychecks for valentine's day
we have two sons and a daughter now, aged 27, 24 & 22, respectively.
no one on pirate ship has any idea what 'splicing the mainbrace' means
world bank forecloses on world farm
we spend almost all the time with each other.
to make it clear, my funds are leaking badly now because of all this and i don't have too much left, but i could pay for it if i wanted.
all of us know it's just commercialized bullshit and none of us believe in the real meaning of christmas.
now, i'm a hard republican(trump, border wall, right views)while she's a hard democrat( patriarchy, feminist, fat acceptance, left views).
if there's anywhere on earth where i've encountered more inconsiderate, clueless individuals i cannot remember.
nation's math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions
it’s important to note that we definitely have a well-established dynamic of ball-breaking and that she had previously complained about her ex-bf for being too sensitive about such things.
cnn panelists warn north korea situation way too complex for them to discuss intelligently
what the japanese call “gals” are just a group of girls who are scary and have their skirts above their knees.
i put the cat in the carrier and went to take care of the bird.
we get out of the car and start to walk towards the bakery (across the street from nf) and this loud woman gets out of her car and yells, “this is for no frills customers only!!!!!” to preface, this parking lot was half empty, absolutely no one was waiting to park, and this was at the back of the lot.
even if this theory did have any validity, (the eldest brother) delibertly abused his authority and watched his sister cry as he demanded that she strip for him.
bodybuilder can't believe he forgot to develop right arm
they decorated our hotel room with some new orleans beads and masks.
i noticed that my sister took him out to the washroom by himself and left the backyard gate open.
peaceful protest interrupted by swarm of aggressive black-clad militants
weird black dot actually part of bowl
i'm a little upset, but i'm an adult who can handle things not going my way, so i'm civil about everything and i reassure her that this won't have an effect on our friendship.
marriage counselor encourages woman to take on numerous sexual partners while husband at work
i know i shouldn’t have made fun of his girlfriends weight but i really feel like she overreacted.
dot declares pothole too perfect to fill
first time posting so sorry if this doesn't fit the format and if it reads weird etc, i just thought it would be better to do it from my perspective.
she invited me to a small party with her and three of her friends, one of them is super attractive.
thanks tl;dr my boyfriend has learned my native language that i cannot speak behind my back and it's going to tear me apart from my family.
i had hoped that our good relationship would help her understand the extreme stress and academic pressure i was feeling at home, but i also understood that i wasn’t entitled to it.
does it again, goes a little further, but comes back.
she declined, and i asked where exactly we stand.
alcohol only thing making operating heavy machinery bearable
hostage with family really lording it over everyone else
i told her any weekend worked for me.
salamanders bravely offer to go extinct in place of better animal
i’m very afraid that i’m making it all about me, and i really don’t want it to be that way.
reality of fatherhood never truly dawned on man until he held newborn son's hospital bill
mom unaware little note she packed with son's lunch getting him beaten up right now
george lucas recalls peter mayhew ad-libbing decision to play character as nonverbal, fur-covered monster
i'm standing up, no matter how crowded it is.
after making his announcement, he left the group chat and won’t respond to anyone.
we're very good at communicating, and i ended up going home to think alone for the night.
i have a job that makes substantially more money (software).
wednesday morning she texts me to ask if we're still going out, i confirm and we agree i'll pick her up from work.
it got so bad that i had to contact my coach and boss to try to get them to separate katy and i.
he didn't have to kick it like a goddam soccer ball!
she showed me a photo of two black girls.
after a while she started yelling at me for "looking at her" blabla.
if there's one thing that her instagram profile says, it's that she desperately wants a boyfriend.
a lot of people call her a ‘hermit’ which i have mixed feelings about.
i usually don’t even need a venmo request because i usually venmo him as soon as they tell us the amount of the monthly bill but i changed my number and they usually text me to tell me the balance and i haven’t updated my number because apparently i have to call and do that shit and i haven’t gotten around to it.
i was 21 at the time and the server looked to be around my age or slightly younger.
expense-account wizard transforms prostitute into color copies
dzhokhar tsarnaev rushes out of summer class to make court hearing
i feel guilty about wanting sex and knowing that she feels like less of a women for not being capable of doing the deed we’ve talked and it’s very clear that sex isn’t something that is going to be common in our relationship, but that’s not a deal breaker.
roommate skulking around edge of party like victorian ghost child
my aunt is quite wealthy, very generous, and very old-fashioned.
next time ill make sure to make the millionth post asking if im an asshole while clearly showing im not, to not spark a tirade.
family kind of concerned at how fast dad ate father's day gift
if he gets angry, people are going to get hurt/cry or things are going to get destroyed.
man realizes he shouldn't have told girl on phone he was taking dump
a few of them have also fallen out, or got black due to her heavy smoking(2 packs a day).
tom delay to pursue corruption in private sector
i wasn't sure if any of my friends listened to their music, so i posted on twitter and facebook asking if anyone would want to go see the concert with me.
pretty sure i'm not the asshole this time, right?
i asked if she could at least give me the answer to one, so i don't feel like such a dumbass.
experimental anti-aging treatment still has few kinks, report infant researchers
security removes biden's rowdy buddies from auditorium
aita for telling parents of a dead daughter that it was gods plan?
i thought it would be funny as a prank to text her, from a different number obviously, as someone from the ski lodge saying she got the job.
i am not waiting long enough for them to develop feelings long term, and if it gets that long i usually pull out to not have that happen.
although i still believe that racist jokes are ok, next time i will be more wary of the people around me.
cheney urged not to work blue during convention
barista the only person in coffee shop with job
sci-fi geek only hangs out with models
area man may have lied about having sex
normally, they would sleep in on sunday and leave for a 9 o clock mass or something close to that.
guy washing hands for full 5 seconds like he's going into surgery
even her friends say hi to me.
trump calms nerves before inaugural address by reminding himself he's the only person who actually exists
so basically, the kid was just annoying the hell out of me but he never touched me and i got mad and punched him.
i'm not without empathy, i do feel a little bad.
i'm not blaming him for wanting to know what i do etc, it's understandable and i also told him it's fine, i'll always say what i'm doing with who etc.
biden winks after offering to buy eggnog for white house christmas party
i told her it was absolutely ridiculous she’s causing such a scene when she had so much shit on her own lawn.
loss of cat child's first real experience with death, killing
stripper surprised she only talked to 2 homicide detectives today
" &#x200b; &#x200b; me: you can either provide proof, or apologize - if people in my guild acted out of line i'll actually discipline them.
at first i was like why not and tried to get him to play again, but he told me he was tired and planning on sleeping soon.
i just said that his dad and i were going through something and i needed some space.
it's not that i'm homophobic or anything.
i'm sorry if this all sounds cold, i'm just tired of the whole situation.
so am i the asshole for being reluctant to pay my brothers extra money because a previously thought property price was incorrect?
area man really banking on unconditional love doing most of heavy lifting for mother's day bouquet
i think she was upset because she said that it was fine she’d call her own uber home.
do it at a private business, say it online, or whatever instead.
hotel has a parking garage, which is exorbitantly expensive ($65/24 hours).
you probably also heard about the login problems that the game was having.
greyhound now offering direct service from kansas to l.a. porn director's driveway
anchor ad-libs news with 97 percent accuracy
'new york times' publisher reveals asking trump to decrease anti-media rhetoric except against those fuckers at 'the washington post'
i said, what 's the big deal?
##**edit**: i'm flying her dad out to visit in a couple of months and she's ecstatic.
report: we could probably just have computer pick president
funeral director assures jewish family this headstone can withstand plenty of blows from baseball bat
i made him sit down with me to edit his resume so i could apply to jobs for him because he wouldn't (even though i made it clear for months that i want him to find something better so we can save for our future).
now the person who set me up with them says i just burned a bridge and that i fucked up badly.
our boss took my side and said that they don't fire people based on political opinions.
so, my friend and i were spending the last 20 minutes of the lunch period discussing fallout lore, because were nerds.
either jay leno a repeat or p. diddy got arrested again
&#x200b; i find the night away in a hotel by herself to be strange, especially seeing that i was talking about taking her away for a "babymoon" next weekend where we would both getaway and leave our 2 year old with grandma and grampa.
i said that was fine, as even though i'm unemployed (i begin a new job in feb), i'd pay his way.
time went on and dec 16 i got my schedule for the week saying i was booked during the weekend.
i believe it was featured on kimmel.
she also never expected much from me and never got upset when i cancelled on her or when i took too long to respond.
dzhokhar tsarnaev courtside at pacers-heat game
black man given nation's worst job
things seemed on the up and it appeared that the position had given him some purpose.
i know he didn’t say anything mean, i think it was mostly because i told him that she was trans.
teacher, your wife sure is getting fat.” and then he just stared at me with the most serious look i’d ever seen and said, “don’t you ever call my wife fat.” and walked away.
it's the apartment my mom and i moved to when i was in my late teens.
this allowed me to really be able to see her personality, rather than her body.
and arthur tried to tell me if im down to let him stay in my house if really needed and kept telling him no, no way.
powerball officials remove plastic balls from pig urine brine
(at my school if you self report for drugs they let you off but only once.) they still found the matches beef had been using though so he got suspended for that.
you can walk a trail through the forest, see tropical birds and monkeys, rare plants, and stuff.
if he really didn't take it much why do you have some coming so soon after you claim that..., i was sort of treating richard-head like a scummy drug dealer...
when they asked me to do another person's work i stayed.
white house raises official hurricane florence death toll to -17
everyone giving up on john after latest movie recommendation
bonobo embarrassed after walking in on parents, siblings, cousins, friends, partner having sex
restaurant gives totally unwanted twist to mexican cuisine
when i spoke to him on the phone, he told me "she is short and that's were my hand fell" my ex boyfriend is 5'11 and she's 5'2..
but am i the asshole for not telling her first?
hershey's announces it's all out of candy
i only want someone who's going to desire _me_ and think of _me_ as being masculine and straight, because i am.
he clearly had some of the detergent in his system so i rushed him to an emergency clinic.
man excited to give visiting friends the real fort wayne experience
one guy who does still treat me with respect is my roommate, who opted to stay out of the conflict and not take sides.
now keep in mind, i did not know about this, but i was still generally upset with her because i felt like she played with my emotions.
as i was talking, my mom chimes in and said “the 3 of us can do it!” (meaning my parents and sister) the usher thanked them.
secretary of interior says knocking down rocky mountains could really open nation up
while i was head over heels for him, i was also drugged out on painkillers and xanax.
- so this is something i've been trying to do since a few years ago.
i reported all of the details that you and i had discussed in our call.
the only valid option is my mom's house because during the morning the house is empty and we both can enjoy ourselves confortably without annoying anyone, but she once said she didn't want my brother and i to have sex in her house (she didn't gave any reason, she doens't want to, period).
i would want to confront her about things she's been doing that don't really sit well in a relationship.
i’m just so sick of her shit.
so when she gave me that nasty look, i felt a little horrible.
newly released female iraqi prisoners offered playboy spread
we even did one a year ago for victoria's boyfriend's birthday where we surprised him and cooked him dinner, etc.
my son is very upset about this and yelled at me, saying i was selfish and throwing space away for some man i haven’t known for very long.
drug use by jerry garcia down 85 percent
heaven forbid i lose my job tomorrow, i could support my families lifestyle and find another job within 1-3 months.
there are leaves that now need to be raked.
however, since my parents bought it and my mom supported me financially (paying the bills) i always made sure i asked for her opinion when doing something important with/in the apartment.
i have never received messages from the partner at all, no phone calls, no visits no nothing from them.
i feel like trash for making a girl cry, especially since she was a girl i liked.
aita for calling someone out for being annoying despite having depression?
compounding my annoyance with this whole situation is that i working for this company for minimum wage providing skilled labour and designing an app for them.
britain plummets to lowest value in world since 1580s
i got my monitor back, but only because i had asked her cousin to tell her that if she didn't return it, i would take her to court.
me and a couple of friends play a game every day, and this friend is one of them.
glade introduces new air freshener mask
the exhibition is a sciency edutainment short about time and space.
it would've made sense if brian liked both men and women, and decided to hit up grindr after breaking up with lola...
purely hypothetical (thankfully), but if someone kept jesting about, say, abuse and made dark jokes pertaining to it, would it be vigilant or overreactive to send a tip to the local authorities?
it seems crazy and childish, but a lot of trust was lost because i was replying to other girls texts before her.
but she does really enjoy our moments when they are happening, but tells me she feels kind lf bad oe ashamed afterwards and she doesn't know why.
i mean she's 30, not 5 years old.
bit of background; my boss owns 6 businesses, 5 are on one side of the city 1 (where i work) is on the other.
this doesn't mean we don't spend a lot of time with the kids.
i would also like to add that mike and i hadn’t ever had a cross word up until now, even though he’s a very religious person and sometimes i purposely ignored him when he would bust my balls about alcohol consumption or marijuana use.
movie marketed as six different genres
guy in rome does as the tourists do
not sure how i ran a red light on a street a half mile from where i have worked the last 25 years.
i’m not great at gauging how drunk people are, but he was at least pretty drunk, maybe very drunk.
mark judge can't believe that fucking lightweight kavanaugh got 'boofing' and 'the devil's triangle' wrong
so my oldest sister got all shitty and said "what ever i come to see you guys like twice a year and you guys are always playing video games" we went out to eat with her on the 21st just the 3 of us.
example, just had an argument as she was out walking the dog so i chose to watch the new series of ahs, it gets to a really good bit, i’m shocked and loving it, and as soon as she gets home she demands that i turn it off.
i thought i was weird, but i wonder if i'm an asshole?
white house security officials relieved ivanka trump's computer just cardboard box with mirror on it
he asked my opinion because we were friends.
our dog is one of his dogs puppies.
he used to shit talk me to this girl months ago.
11% of lunch eaten off sweatshirt
aita for ignoring a friend with depression?
father not letting firstborn repeat mistakes he made as nine-month-old
smoking ban collapses fragile prison economy
in the year since they broke up, alex had a brief one or two month fling with a mutual friend.
then we fought for like 10 minutes intel one of our moms came in and told us to stop and kicked me out of the room aita.
i still reported him to the gm and respectfully asked he be terminated from his position.
but as some of us were ready to hit the bed me and this friend realized there was only a couch left to sleep on, i had already taken the sofa but i offered her to sleep with me.
after he stopped responding, i then proceeded to storm into his house uninvited, take twice amount of cash that he owed me, and told him i would give him the other half of the cash back in a few days so he could see what it felt like to have a bunch of money owed that he couldn't get back.
the next day we had another argument about the breakup, but ultimately he apologized and said that i could date, but the conversation didn't really end on a happy note.
this was a bad game for me.
i have two other partners, and my wife and i have a young child.
four years ago where this fun little story begins, my tightest knit group of friends was a gaming group.
aita if i have tried to instill this fear in my daughters in the hopes that they never want to fly when they get older?
when i was 27, i slept with another woman because i was curious, drunk & very stupid.
if i see you bullying a coworker, i will shut it down publicly.
i want to understand whether i’m being unreasonable, because i don’t feel like i am but our relationship is falling apart and i want to know if this is my fault.
bush arrives at caribbean summit aboard catamaran one
local man knows he moved to minneapolis for something, but can't remember what
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
girls scouts announces they'll never ever let gross fucking boys in
congress concerned about weirdo senator's increasingly violent legislation
stan lee, creator of beloved marvel character stan lee, dead at 95
i am 16 yrs old, my brother is married to a doctor.
she wasn’t interested in doing that.
i asked them to use the word "normal".
i like listening for my parts, and showing it to anyone who couldn't make it live.
study finds more americans waiting to start secret second families until later in life
we will take what we want or we will report you for stealing." the next few weeks were complete hell.
i instantly told my girlfriend this and she thankful believed me ( ex has in the past asked to get together with me) that it was false and her intention was to break us apart.
how did i immediately know it was my friends you may ask?
i wanna preface this by saying that 1.
terrifying uniformed bachelorette party storms local bar
he says that it is because of my disobedience that those things are gone, culminating with today, where because i plagiarized some solutions to homework that he threw away my monitor, my egpu case, my gpu, controller, and everything that can connect to a computer that was in my room, all of which i purchased with my money during my summer and winter break jobs, totaling nearly 1000 dollars.
here’s the kicker, the company allows me to move horizontally or vertically.
i was trying to let her down gently, and let maintain the "power" and the agency in the relationship because i didn't want to break her heart.
last night my wife asked me to clean it, and i said "well your mom's coming over tomorrow, let her do it (since she's done our dishes before)".
siblings each hoping other one will take care of aging parents someday
community rallies to win private busing for freaky-looking winter hat guy
i reached for him, gave him a few kisses and said - it’s my birthday - you can’t say no.
i know they messed around briefly the next morning, but i later further expressed to my friend how interested i was in this guy, and she agreed to let me have this one since i was going through a dry spell.
aita for not letting my gf buy a dildo?
it's an old friend from school who she was very close with.
he's not currently working because of phd program.
i didn't give my name but i kept things vague for now, just in case.
but i would find out about that a week later, from a jealous suitor of girl, who wanted to poison me against those two with claims of cheating etc so i'd help him destroy the relationship.
$100 is nothing to sneeze at for a small time glass store and i'm honestly surprised they wouldn't take it, and the dude behind the counter was very rude about it.
he says he's loosing interest in his gf and isn't as loving/romantic to her anymore.
'what about you, are you on my team?' trump asks george washington portrait
i'm a, roommate who doesn't like me is in b, roommate who does like me is in c [set up and dynamics].
now me being the good friend likes to make jokes to them at times.
q my so is upset because i didn't run it past him first.
so, today at my highschool we had a thanksgiving lunch.
man prefers comic books that don't insert politics into stories about government-engineered agents of war
i do love her back and want the absolute best for her as well, but i cannot seem to shake what she did while we were broken up.
just a couple of days ago, two guys that lived down the hall got arrested for possession, and yet my neighbors still smoking pretty often.
report: iraq war keeping thousands out of unemployment line
i was largely absent due to work (construction) that frequently took me out of state.
i held her down one time and she says that i choked her but i don't remember these things so clearly.
therefore, this is a commmitted relationship.
study finds placing one foot forward, then the other, remains best method of walking
the kid they knew, loved, and respected in the past did not even greet them when they visit for the first time in a decade—so disrespectful.
i don't think you want to be my friend, and i understand, but i don't want to be enemies.
kentucky dmv introduces game of chicken to driver's test
aita for wanting my wife to give up her dream job?
they didn't tell us anything about the mounting price and if we would mount it at home we would lose our 2 year guarantee on the bike.
area man looking for whatever the hell is beeping
my side is white trash, supports trump religiously and i'm the first one to go to college.
gop convention to feature strong lineup of conservative women listeners
cat placed on 5 minutes' half-assed observation after possibly ingesting plastic thing
she wanted me to get to know her because she thought we would be a good match despite only knowing me for a short period of time.
i think that if you make an agreement, you should stick to it.
museum gift shop openly daring anyone to spend $450 on decorative geode
driver kind of bummed to see other car he been driving behind for a while take exit off highway
she goes from understanding to visibly upset again, she starts yelling, says that theres something wrong with me.
apparently a lot of people in my class thinks i am smart (idk why tho).
antidepressant medication label reminds users that pill should never be mixed with long look in mirror
fbi tracks down elusive picture-disc version of herb alpert's 'whipped cream and other delights'
vacationing detective just going to pretend like he didn't even see dead body in the woods
ramen master defeated by new kung-pao style
i know this is not the way in which you usually approach your patients, but well, such is mexico.
my friends and i were at this party.
hillary clinton holds infant grandson upside down by ankle in front of convention crowd
another way to think about it is, it feels to me similar to someone offering a jewish burial for my family member, where i know they wouldn't want that.
area man locked in protracted battle with sweatshirt neckhole
this way we both had to pay 5 euros, and the other friend 15 euros.
she then starts to get a bit more seductive about what she wants to do in order to rebel.
i comment vaguely alluding to my displeasure saying that he never brings me coffee kinda jokingly, and she responds “he says you’re too far away”.
he is being taken care of and her sulking is not going to make him better.
i plan on returning her pashmina and hat and i’ve tried on several occasions already, but aita for leaving her messages unread for a few more days or should i return this asap?!
i go back to his room when i'm done and just show him the message from his friend and break down crying.
he's right though, he often leaves the straps neatly rolled which is nice but not super necessary (rolling the straps takes almost as long as untangling) and is usually not high up on my list of priorities when i always work through morning tea break and cut my lunch breaks short.
i said i didn't want to do that since he didn't even tell me himself and i knew he wouldn't want a big scene.
disillusioned hacker starting to feel like he has no impact on american presidential election
café adds heartbreaking little lunch menu
so we had this argument about dark humor.
it's a weird ass relationship, and it's obvious to everyone, even complete strangers that she is really, really into me, like beyond a crush or wanting to hook up.
she has those apps on her phone as well.
jenny's robe was open, angela had her sweater and her bra pulled up over her chest and she was just in her underwear.
this week i guess i just snapped.
democratic candidate blows fundraising lead on massive 15-story lawn sign
man who's only halfway through life can already guess how it's going to end
so i’m asking here, am i the asshole?
he is cheap and does not want to over extend himself.
new stardew valley expansion allows player to shoot self in barn after family farm bankrupted by corporate agribusiness
i'm usually the creative and the planner, taking lead.
brad pitt bored with sight of jennifer aniston's naked body
m: i'm sorry, i thought it would be a slow night and i didn't think it would come up.
friends don't lie to each other, nor do they make each other wait three months for a promise that they'll break later on.
climate researchers warn only hope for humanity now lies in possibility they making all of this up
b: _______, i will be speaking with you today.
she was completely broken and swore she would never get into a ldr again.
anguished, screaming trump bans father's ghost from press room for silently pointing at him
popular new amazon service just comes to your house and kills you
so i chose him because i thought he could take a joke, but i guess i was wrong...
and i pull up literally about 3-6 inches, she pulls up a little.
sometimes you wish you could just purge your mind, you know?
tldr: girl violated me by robbing me in my sleep after i opened up and was vulnerable to her.
i didn't ask for any gifts.
family knows not to interrupt dad while he's skimming pool, listening to orioles radio broadcast
(i should note that m and a have a history of leaving uneaten pizza out and i have yelled that them for this claiming they could get sick, but i have never thrown it away without asking, and normally they leave them on a’s desk which is directly across from my bed, which leads to my bed stinking of pepperoni, and being someone who keeps kosher, it only makes it grosser for me.
star trek introduces alien character with totally different forehead wrinkles
it was a common consensus in our friend group that i liked this girl and they would even tease me about it--common high school stuff.
didn't want to text you while you where driving 😜 tonight was fun!!" i decide to be honest: "yeah the show was pretty good.
i don't even remember her knocking she just opened the door.
the second time she slipped up was when she was caught shoplifting.
aerosol can surprisingly upfront about giving you cancer
high school student whines his way to 4.0 gpa
i travel a lot for work and with mike, we have moved about an hour from the daughter for mike's job.
experts refuse to warn of any new health hazards until americans deal with current backlog
'true blood' characters openly talking about how they can't wait for episode to end
woman feels guilty after switching brands
guy 'just giving you a hard time' truly despises you
edit 4: i'm asshole this community needed, not the one it deserved.
at the party, becky asked me again if i would go to the bridal fair the next morning.
vicious, man-eating carnivores on decline in arctic
i have a 95 lb german shepherd, and he has a 60ish lb pitbull mutt.
expectant parents throw some values together at last minute
&nbsp;&nbsp; on one hand, last year i broke up with my girlfriend of 1.5 years.
then i called everyone i could think of to find this dog a place.
i work part time at the school i attend and take classes full time.
new biography reveals einstein devised theory of relativity on paper because he wasn't smart enough to invent microsoft word
report: those sensors that flush public toilets were also cameras this whole time
the torch, was her boyfriends and i was the last to use it, however i did not break this.
weak-willed intellectual infant checks to see how many more pages left in book chapter
we sort of came up with an inside joke about the guy who sold it to us, and from there a ‘team’ name was born.
she has been getting on my nerves recently by exaggerating events that we both were present at to make herself seem cooler or whatever.
i thought for sure i'd get caught somehow.
they've got a great personality, an amazing sense of humor, and 'get' me really well.
c sounded upset and said "i'm just trying to help" and left quickly.
am i doing them wrong by letting this happen?
needless to say, this is starting to get ugly really quickly.
aita for not wanting my abusive ex to change or be happy so, i was with a guy who was physically abusive (think black and blue eyes, kicking, shoving, etc.) and emotionally abusive to me.
i completely understand why he did this.
my roommate always complains, but she showers right after i do and always cleans the hair out, so it seems like a waste of time and paper towels for me to do so 10 minutes before she does.
i told her that i didn't want it to happen like this, that i wanted her to have one last night where everything was alright and then tell her.
aita for declining birthday invites so my brother invited me and my family to his and his sons birthday.
i don’t really know if im being an asshole because the game allows you to do this and i find it fun to have it but im thinking they are just overreacting.
paul ryan slits auto mechanic's throat to kick off gop purge of working class
also, her brother frequently fails to help out when they visit us, sleeping in and having his face buried in his phone.
for context, we and my are both in high school.
another two days (they don't know which yet), my sister will be putting down her horse.
i run a writing club at my local community college with my husband, and we had a new guy come in who was writing a new piece.
i, for the rest of the night refuse to talk to them, basically giving them the silent treatment and i decide to listen to music and start to clean up the house.
running back's buttocks undulate hypnotically in sexuality-challenging slow-motion replay
kendrick lamar deletes 'rhymezone.com' from internet history
report: cost of raising neglected children still low as ever
area woman fulfills dream of becoming writer by getting job at bookstore
he accepted, but it hit him harder than he expected but then he got over it.
&#x200b; &#x200b; recently my daughter has been contacting internet predators and going behind both of our backs in order to do so.
i felt like 1 day out of all of that time could have been doable.
anyway i noticed that she was a bit fat around the stomach.
we both have decent jobs and affording pants isn't the issue here.
man keeping running total of how many people in gym in worse shape than him
married couple longs for days when they only quietly resented one another
my best friend came over about 3 days ago and she knew everything and she hates my ex now.
report: increasing number of u.s. toddlers attending online preschool
that's when he "pushed" my chest to knock me down.
i don’t want to drive out of my way to my parents house (when i don’t need too).
okay let me get this out the way first i fully intend to pay this man my half of the electricity bill.
my mom confirmed this with my brother, and indeed, these kids are getting no stocking or gifts from santa.
study finds majority of urban households located in roller rink deserts
not long after the accident happened i texted her saying “hey we’re gonna need to take your car” because my car currently had a tree sticking out of the rear passenger side.
it just felt like nothing had changed and we went right back to being good friends.
thanks for all the honest answers.
we got to choose rooms though one of my best friend and i were rather late to sign up so we didn't have much choice in rooms.
so i said "can you say do you want fries with that?" he seemed upset
gun pays for itself on first day
but the moment i like leaned forward and let my head down limply he said something like, "you shouldn't let your neck go limp like that" and i suddenly felt him hit me lightly on the face.
if i were to break up with her now, i would definitely hurt her really badly, but i don't want to break up with her.
so this week we got an assignment at school to find a pair to make a comic about our city's history and at the time i thought we had to make it the same week so i was quite desperate.
god admits he never created gerbils
mom $15,000 in the hole with ceramic frog dealer
friend dishonorably discharged from navigation duties after missing exit
black mark on birth control manufacturer's record weighs in at 7 pounds, 6 ounces
dnc criticized for overly restrictive debate rules requiring candidates have at least one policy position
wibta if i organised an outside friend of mine to try and seduce his girlfriend to hookup with him?
and by seeing how she won one round convincingly, some 'prominent' gaming cafe owner gave her some job, which the page doesn't mention, neither the job, nor the name of the cafe.
a couple of days ago i went to this dine in place and got served by this lovely young waitress.
tom said he would even personally pay to ship it to me (pay for shipping *and* new silverware?) and to stop making a big deal.
this means we can still go to dances, do extracurriculars, whatever we want since we technically are still high school students.
i would respect if the bride told me i had to wear a suit, but i don’t feel like spending money on a suit just to fit in and to satisfy one of the bridesmaids.
aita for snapping at a girl who has a short-ish temper some backstory for this.
rustic italian village just killing time between wedding feasts
she begged for me to tell her who it was so she could handle the situation but i refused.
returning west virginia teachers unceremoniously toss hundreds of dead class pets into trash
man paid more than enough to put up with this shit
her nickname for me is “asshole” “buttfuck” and “nubcake” which is hardly affectionate.
i am fully transparent with him.
she stopped replying to my messages and so i just left it at that, thinking she will cool off.
they needed this done quickly so they offered a high number without haggling.
me: have to leave early that afternoon though bc thats the weekend before my one final gf: uhh then why don't you come the other weekend we talked about?
man reluctantly deletes video of friend trying to vault mailbox to clear data space for child's birth
yesterday we were both at a build for the show, working really hard to construct the set.
trump lawyers anxious 4,731st shoe will drop
there was a night where i spent about four hours sobbing about different shit, and the entire time, he was hugging me and making sure i was okay; another time, we ended up sitting outside with a bunch of other kids and were talking and laughing, and he was making the stupidest jokes about sexual shit including me.
due to this situation, and considering that we have built a strong bond as a couple even though we haven't been dating for that long (in march we'll celebrate our second anniversary), i am particularly attached to our weekends together, also because a nice group formed with my friends and their partners, on top of it all.
aunt: (to cousin) did you like the necklace i got you sweetie?
at the time, i thought "why not?
i received an email notification that an amazon order had been made.
he was fast to dismiss this, because she told him otherwise.
the night i moved in, i was so scared of being there alone, i didn't know the area and my landlord is a total dick.
i go into a starbucks to be safe and get a coffee, after i come out he's right there and is about to say something or reach into his jacket pocket and i slam my boot into his balls super hard.
the property was on grounds leased from the local state park, there were cabins and a theater etc and it was rented out to different groups every week.
woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
farmer chases fifth wedding party out of barn this month
it came down to me not wanting to and him demanding a reason.
there will be a tldr at the end.
aita for wanting the name of my baby momma's other child father?
cancer lobbies for decreased cancer funding
there are three flavors: white cheddar, butter, and caramel corn.
we don't pay their bills or anything like that, but: * we've provided free food, housing, and transportation plenty of times when they've visited us (like 6 times total).
i happily say yes and switch with her and there's no problem.
i feel the relatively-rural upper-midwest pressure to be a strong head of household, but i'm really fucking scared.
**eta:** just to be clear, there will be no time at which they are welcome to "drop off" the kid with us and leave barring an emergency situation.
entire napoleon dynamite plot pieced together through friends' quotes
i hope that was the intent of your message.**
the thing is, i never found a job, even after 20+ applications.
ps: should i ask her or just be patient?
he makes 60,000+ annually, which adds up to be a lot of taxes after three years.
she took me back but she never could forgive me.
i had one airpod in so it's likely the guy approaching me didn't see it (even though i was in the middle of a sentence with my mom).
u.n. secretary general staring straight at israeli ambassador while describing horrors of apartheid in nelson mandela speech
girls go in the girl scouts, boys go in the boy scouts...
as soon as he left my apartment, i realized that this was an outburst and apologized to him over text, but obviously the damage was done.
he has received a few scholarships and grants, and has applied for loans as well.
we live in the same town.
so i just said that i thought it was very funny and he stances up like he was going to fight.
new biodiversity program busses in species from outside ecosystems
parched trump takes quick sip from pudding cup between talking points
uninsured man hoping for gift card to local hospital for christmas
next day he did nothing to me and i teased him and called him a little girl.
gentle ben biographer's shocking new book reveals famous bear's 28-pine-marten-a-day habit
he works in customer service and his job is literally sitting in a chair all day talking to people on the phone.
'i'd like you to post long, aggressive rants on social media,' says bernie sanders in supporter's interpretation of speech
voters look on in horror as 3 new republican candidates appear in place of scott walker
he found a girl in his program who he liked, some cute, fresh faced 17 year old korean girl.
can i and should i still be friends with ivanna if ivanna was such a bitch to ruslana as ruslana claims she was?
bartholomew, if you're reading this, i'm not sorry but i want to talk
i decided to commute from college voluntarily which involves a moderate hour commute each way every day and i’m paying for the insurance of the vehicle which amounts to somewhere around $2000 usd each year.
report: holy shit, there still 50 minutes left in movie
i was enraged this fool who is trying to.make my brother, the family's future into a slob by making him break the law.
i have never seen my mom the way she was until that night.
i told her i am not annoyed that she got what she wanted and she is happy with it, i am annoyed that someone the $15-$20 gift limited somehow became under $10.
porn video with unfamiliar acronym in title deemed too risky to click on
it impossible to tell what sounds will freak out cat
new diet surge targets overweight snowboarders
so d met this girl g a couple of months ago while she was travelling to our city, they hung out for a few weeks and then started dating.
area man secretly tired of exposing his big belly for friends to slap, yet knows no other way
but i can't 😂" and i said "what do you mean you can't?", and he said "i can't 😂" like..
pretty soon, i realized i had deep feelings for her.
we both enjoy still having sex.
wedding videographer clearly shooting side project during ceremony
at the time, i didn’t know how to react.
they said they’re smart and believe it would work.
i come home earlier than her, and then sit in front of my computer learning some stuff or playing chess.
anyways i don't have the cousins number or any way to contact her.
i still cherish a photo of my younger looking grandparents smiling their face off while holding me, a tiny baby swaddled up korean-style in white blankets.
i realised what had happened here and was caught out i guess.
russian agent disgusted with things he forced to do to pass self off as reddit commenter
i just know a few people like my friend.
i'll admit, maybe i was a bit more antagonistic than i should've been, but it feels really unfair that she can rely on me for emotional support whenever she wants (even when \*i'm\* not in the mood,) but i can't rely on her for my sexual needs.
area mother enters 16th year of post-partum depression
i figured i would make it known several days in advance to avoid a meltdown the day of.
pope-killing virus claims yet another victim
she gets home from work about an hour after i get home (schedule varies), and once the waft of my feet hits her nose, she demands i wash my feet.
she didn't really respond to that, but was relatively friendly during dinner, so i thought the matter was over.
once again i said this was a bad idea, and she just ignored me.
i did not bring him up to resolve conflicts with violence.
that's suicide and i hate spiders.
im a proud parent of a 2 year old lab.
man not sure why girlfriend having him hang cluster of empty picture frames but willing to go with it
i was really flustered and just told her it's because of personal reasons and did not get into details at all.
24m and 25f, we live together.
trump preemptively tells melania he won't give her a kidney
most goes on the floor but some goes on my mates girlfriend.
economists recommend setting aside part of every paycheck in case of dire straits reunion tour
it stopped for like a week, then there they were, the final messages she sent me were super long, like a 5 page microsoft word essay, talking about her past traumas, people that have left and hurt her, why she is annoying, why she hates herself, all kinds of stuff.
he has very masculine traits such as a defined jawline and strong cheekbones.
because the fact of the matter is that i do regret what i did, i think i did a horrible job of explaining that though.
a few days ago we had an argument about something completely irrelevant and i brought this up.
he has asked me once or twice before if i thought about going and seeing a doctor to have it checked out.
it seemed like an actual relationship just kinda secret.
at the time i got livid and started yelling at him.
can't go wrong with a cheeseburger, area man reports
i also feel like there may be fights and horrible experiences just because are relationship is just pulling itself back together.
obese man impaled in wicker-chair disaster
i just want to know if i was overreacting.
biggest mistake of life dressed up as pumpkin
&#x200b; so i come home from running errands and she is gone.
in the beginning i was a massive dick to her and almost didn't give our relationship a chance because i could not see myself with a bigger girl.
she’s been acting more self-absorbed, asking me if she can call me “bitch” because that’s what she calls our mutual friend who is my age, and when i requested her not to, she made a remark saying that’s why she sees our mutual friend more as a cousin than me.
frank gehry no longer allowed to make sandwiches for grandkids
that night he got her really drunk and had unprotected sex with her.
beanie broker urges storkholders to sell
i’ve been in a new relationship for a few months.
&#x200b; there is other examples of her bad spending, but i'd rather not say too much as she uses reddit too.
new study finds staring out from balcony with best friends strongest indicator that this your city, your time
stretch of highway learns it was adopted
i was shocked, because i honestly couldn’t believe she would stoop as low as to send stuff like this to our friend.
as she continues to rant about how she doesn't want me seeing that and how i shouldn't be playing it out of respect for her, i about lost it.
he is completely put off by it, which i can understand, but at the same time everyone is an adult and can make their own choices.
his push was more of hitting me in the chest so hard that i flew back.
perverted wall gets off on making apartment guests look at exposed brick
(i actually texted my husband about this whole situation when i got to work.
'the onion' hires several pastry chefs away from entenmann's to form new bakery
i'd been dating "lenny" since sophomore year in college.
at this point it honestly feels like we're married.
so, i will go by everyone’s judgement.
**quick edit here**: the mba is a non-issue anymore, i just mentioned it to tell how her dad handles these things.
after months of no communication we actually spoke about what happened just some minutes ago.
after that i was put in touch with a different manager at the abc company, “sarah”, who is supposedly more involved on the business side of things.
but they don't actually do shit.
champagne company develops new second-place beverage
aita for not visiting my family during the holidays?
gay kid excited to be made fun of for second thing
man spends entire weekend binge-watching neighbor
i notice her posting about all these college acceptances and scholarships awarded to her and get pissed off.
fraternity members to undergo racial sensitivity hazing
vegetarian can't bring self to eat ihop's funny face pancakes
she did, the nurse said yes go in asap.
i often ask her for her opinion in family matters she probably shouldn’t know about, but she’s always levelheaded and gives pretty good advice.
i really hate that i outted him but there’s a part of me that feels good about it.
as she did this, one of the full timers pulled me aside and we walked to the side of the restaurant and talked.
i believe that god loves all his children, even the ones who don't care or believe in him.
i don't like using messaging apps for anything other than planing to meet up with someone in person.
aita for not letting a little kid decline on an airplane so i just got off an airplane and might have been a jerk.
back in high school i was dating this girl.
kavanaugh scores keg for christine blasey ford testimony
but it gets to l because he wants to smoke right away, it puts him in this weird mood from then on.
edit 2: i don't live on the usa, actually south america, so we don't have that ethical dilemma of teacher-student or something like that edit 3: she's 23 i'(m) 28 she was my teacher for six months and she was my teacher last year
it’s a whole bunch of people she went to school with and she knows most of them.
we met the following friday m is much kinder in person, the email was one really really weird out of character move for them.
guy wearing chewbacca costume torn between seeing 'star wars' and 'the big short'
astronomers celebrate 300th anniversary of discovering sky
i wasn't interested in looking (as per my promise) but now that he's doing that, it definitely raises a red flag or 5.
the management's friends were put on the a team, above players who were left on b team despite being better players and more dedicated teammates.
what would make me the asshole is that i have the possibility of being seizure free.
i'm sure the neighbor had insurance but idk if they cover "deer jumped on my motherfucking windshield." i technically didn't break this dude's windshield but am i still the asshole for just fucking around with a deer?
aita for politely telling a fellow group chat member not to preach to me?
no less than 5 minutes before i’m saying bye to my friend on the phone, this lady sitting on the other side of the aisle to me raises her voice at me saying “are you going to stay on that fucking phone for the whole trip?
not feeling amazing to say the least.
after i tried to explained to him that we made a deal, he started getting mad and throwing a little tantrum.
hes had "conflict" with several boyfriends because of this and ive had to bail him out at least once.
coffee stain on shirt not as big a deal this morning
we would see them very occasionally and pretend everything was good.
arby's regional manager's work done here
i think she kind of blew it out of proportion after i acknowledged that i was working on it.
we have a place to live.
heroic pickles holding lid shut from inside
short story after the teachers said he has a mental condition and i should be more patience and more empathic.
i sent him a message back saying that it was just a couple of them (who are both in their 30's and dont really want to spend their night travelling 90 minutes one way to spend the night with 18 year olds) and yes i extended the invitation to others if they didn't feel safe catching the train at midnight, they could come here but i dont think they will, he hasn't responded but i dont really think he will.
lab partner wants to be sex partner
election experts warn maine's voting system leads to greater risk of getting finger pinched by live lobster stuffed into ballot box
anne geddes starting to lose it
i am a white female that attends a large public state university in the us.
i have trust issues, so it's a bit hard to convince me of something when i'm really sad...i always assume they're lying.
my sister-in-law (wife's sister) and her friend were out drinking, and invited my wife and i out to join them.
fbi launches nationwide manhunt for new office manager
weary, cynical woman knows better than to bring tomato plant into world like this
i thought what i did was justified given the circumstances for what i did but it has caused some issues with people.
so, i wanna know, aita, if she actually had depression?
it was honestly horrible, but, entertaining at the time.
so me a my girlfriend got into a big fight last weekend.
aita for stealing back money from my brother?
receptionist takes leave of absence citing dehydration, exhaustion
my teacher made this announcement in class stating that it was her who told allison to stop sharing notes and that was my first signal that everything wasn't as hunky dory as i expected.
okay so for context, we live in a 2 person apartment in a duplex, that we're renting from an old couple who are gone to florida for the duration of our school year.
finances aren't an issue with savings, but the opportunity cost is also high for not going to work.
i talked to my parents about this, and they said “if worst comes to worst, we will take you”.
but there is this itchy feeling in what if i was wrong.
woman forced to converse awkwardly with bank-promotion clown
also, i'm very confident in teaching my lab better than you.
man not going to let mind games of ex-girlfriend's natural moving-on process get in his head
justin wants to let it be known we're dating and not be secretive about our relationship.
>me: but the feedback means literally nothing to you.
lawyers separate mary-kate & ashley olsen in 17-hour procedure
we argued about this back and forth but still hung out and she was still supportive.
republican congressman terrifies constituents even more by assuring them he read every part of healthcare bill
at this point i had two options.
i got good reviews, great even, but the pictures of dead animals and vegetation made my classmate remark "this seems more like horror porn.
i definitely didn’t hold it against the customers because them browsing and messing stuff up is part of the process of shopping and having an easy shopping experience.
it doesn't matter if the tree belongs to a neighbor.
this was a little upsetting because he told me he was ace and i'm ace and we had bonded over that.
woman rises early to sow seeds of day's first gchats
edit; thank you guys for commenting i realise you guys are right i’m definitely the asshole but i’m gonna make an effort to relax a bit, my girlfriend had a good time reading your comments and feels super happy you agree with her, i’m an asshole but at least she still loves me
man crouched inside of robotic welding arm terrified robot will eventually take his job
his reasoning for this was that unless i had bought a train ticket or something like that, i would’ve made the drive anyway and would’ve had to pay for that much gas with no help from them.
aita for being mad about an esa request?
sending me birthday wishes and christmas greetings, i would do the same.
after 10 months of bitter struggle, downstairs neighbor masters 'jumpin' jack flash'
cambridge cop accidentally arrests henry louis gates again during white house meeting
is that being an asshole or just normal?
that i want to date her, that i like her, all that.
what i do not want is for resentment to start to build up.
we said she didn't give us a time limit and we were there ready to start.
i'm getting angry because it was important to me that he be here for the guests and i'm a little hurt that he would rather work unpaid hours then be here with me.
a couple caveats: - if i'm matching the speed of the lane next to me, i will switch.
so the title is self explanatory.
sculptor criticized for turning women into objects
last summer, i had to go visit my parents and they asked my boyfriend to take care of both dogs without offering to pay him (my boyfriend also loves the shiba and he hates the other dog because she’s always troublesome).
but hot dog pizza does not go with the traditional and adult thanksgiving i had planned.
name of gay bar should have been clearer
so about 4-5 months ago i got dumped because my ex didn't love me anymore.
michelle obama powers through another day of doing half-assed jumping jacks in middle school gym
i preemptively asked her to not eat any of it, because its a nice treat for myself and it cost some money.
in the morning bf showed up at my place with coffee and saw i saw not home and started texting me, accused me of lying because i didn't update him and tell him i was staying with a friend, or tell him we were doing coke.
am i just bitchy because i can't breathe for shit with this clogged nose and my throat on flames?
i personally think she's responsible for all of that.
i pulled into the walmart parking lot yesterday with my eight year old daughter, and parked next to a pickup truck that was absolutely coated in mud.
in that note he presented the idea of him thinking that he is trans.
the first being that communication is somewhat indirect.
director for aspca commercial demands sadder looking dogs
since the birth, i've only gone out 2-3 times to hang for a few hours with them on weekends, certainly less than i did before (luckily they know and understand the situation) **aita** for including de-stressing recreation time as part of the schedule, which does delay some of the other tasks, and how much is appropriate?
i would like to see this from your guys perspective.
revlon unveils new age-defying monster makeup
this was my boiling point, and i didn't really wanna have a massive fight with my own family so i just gave up and continued with my day.
tl;dr: i'm sick and my boyfriend is a healthnut since tuesday.
he is also a cheater, both on his girlfriends and with other guys girls.
doctor informs woman she pregnant as hell
come to find out i had a miscarriage.
area man has no idea where to get envelope
yesterday my phone's sim card stop working on a ride home from a friend, so my mom agreed to let me use her phone for the week while she gets me a newer one.
i feel like since they were hired, they should have gone out of their way to socialize with me!
they kept asking me what was wrong with him.
all of artist's nudes look terrified
'twas hubris led me here,' thinks naked woman sitting on public toilet with romper around her ankles
new final draft update includes stock female characters to help fill out scripts
my son is a bit overweight) while he was standing in front of the class almost crying!
she had emailed our ra asking for the party contract (since we live in student housing, we have to sign a contract before hosting any events with 10+ attendees) .
i hang out with her to remind myself to not act like that.
rubio refutes claim he soft on immigration by dragging undocumented worker he knocked out cold onto stage
rising star john kerry's stirring speech paves way for 2016 presidential run
from now on, i'm going to call this dickhead "d" i was hoping this would be a one and done thing, but in the following days i noticed that my friend seemed a little on edge around d.
kfc introduces new previously owned 20-piece hot wings
i talked with my sister and my cousin and they said i should leave and never go back, but i feel horrible.
despite all my faults i make more than my father did at my age, and have a life that puts both of my siblings to shame.
airline part of something called 'star alliance'
i pay a lot of money as well, as do the majority of my neighbors, but we still clean up after our doggos because we took that responsibility when we received them!
as it goes against my beliefs, i don't want her to have an abortion.
aita for leading my partner on?
aita for deciding to "smash and dash" the girl who doesn't seem to understand that i don't want her?
that was when i, a very honest and objective person decided to dish it out for him.
it kind of pathetic how excited 3-year-old is to see daddy home from work
my girlfriend and i have been dating for coming up on one year and she is a one in a million girl.
shaven, cologned grandpa heads into town to rake in d-day pussy
aita for being angry at my boyfriend who learned a language behind my back and humiliated me in front of my family?
but i don’t wanna be an asshole so just let me know if i absolutely am one please.
i feel like i was catfished, except i wasn’t as she looked exactly like she did in her pictures, just wheelchair bound.
i just wanted to know what everyone else thinks of it.
beef had been hiding his stuff in another empty locker and they found it.
the boyfriend: im guessing his it was his whole idea and was behind most of the texting and then the threatening afterwards.
at most i would get someone to clear it off his yard, and leave the rest on mine.
my girlfriend on the other hand was not spoon fed like i was and had to work from a young age to afford anything and often had to cook her own meals.
despite all that, i’ll grant that it’s low brow humor, immature and ultimately disrespectful to someone who is lgbtq.
i know this girl and i also know her family is not well off and live in a very dangerous part of town, tons of drug dealers, illegal workers, street prostitutes, etc.
which was fake , and most likely just made up to ensure that i didn't ask her if she wanted to be my girlfriend again.
romney thanks state he was born and raised in for just barely giving him enough votes to beat total maniac
aita for not being physical enough?
i’m trying to see it from her side, what do you guys think?
so i work at a hotel and on tuesday i found out that the mod was raped by a guy she was talking to.
corpses of 'lone ranger' producers hung from hollywood blvd. street lights as warning to others
it was getting pretty late so i didn't say anything and just tried to get to sleep.
county fair judges blown away by heifer
i tell her she should sleep during these periods but she chooses most of his nap times to get things done around the house or fuck around on the internet or watch a show.
i turned around and said "i'm talking, can you not talk over me?" and his reaction was an indignant "alright!", and him and sam continued quietly in the corner.
the girls then went of on a rant about how much of an asshole i am and that it's okay to be overweight and so on.
my boyfriend then becomes really hurt.
every so often i’d see him when we both hung out with our home friends when we came back from college.
over the weekend, i, while still being mad at her, decided to send her an angry email.
i know it sounds greedy of me, but these past years have been so stressful, living paycheck to paycheck.
sorry if some of this is incoherent.
we knew he weren't *fond* of them, but not that he actively hated them...
my wife works in the biomedical field, conducting research on venomous animals and how humans can use venom to cure and treat a myriad of health issues.
she keeps this up until i am forced to say that it’s because she’s a girl.
cat internally debates whether or not to rip head off smaller creature it just met
he weirdly is fine with a few neighbouring dogs, but simply detests others and barks a lot when he sees them.
modest isis leader credits promotion entirely to drone strikes
soldier hoping we invade someplace tropical next
&#x200b; my ex wife said you're not supposed to walk on people's front yards , the ones with grass.
aita for taking money from my brothers paypal?
a friend that has been very active in our circle of games made an announcement in the group chat last night that he was quitting video games.
when i was in elementary school, my parents split after my mom found out he cheated.
i get that vegas is fun anyway, but with no britney (and all the pools being closed) we decided it would be better to save the money and go another time.
'i'm not really looking to date right now,' says man, as if he not at mercy of love's powerful, mysterious ways
she was bitten by a gaboon viper (if you don’t know what that is, look it up; extremely venomous snake).
shaken attorney general resigns after learning what murder is
that is my responsibility but i i'm trying to fix my mistake.
complex human being reduced to 'gutter guy' for purposes of to-do list
we've mostly had our games at the home of a married couple that we are all friends with.
okay so it just snowed like crazy, like we have 8 inches of snow.
you keep talking about how fucked up i am and how this was a waste of time.
new study finds box still world's most popular container
now, after the mba finished, he kept giving her this monthly allowance, of say $1000, which helped her a lot, but as usual, he was usually late and once he also "forgot" to pay a month and that was it, $1000 less.
man worried new 'jumanji' movie going to ruin memory of mediocre afternoon in 1995
i had prepared myself for him to get with others, but i think i was just messed up over it because it was this specific friend i was insecure about when we were together.
in fact, i stayed locked in my room everyday they came and was very distant.
faced with this dilemma, i’ve pretty much stopped wiping down machines after using them, other than to swipe away any obvious moisture with the provided towel.
am i justified in being mad at my boyfriend for not only refusing to take my side but also calling me names?
she got upset and now doesn’t want to be intimate anymore.
and swim and this guy was close.
louie anderson now available in pasta form
nuclear threat still 'very real,' says muhammad ali
i feel all i did was respond to what i considered someone crossing a line.
well known gresham, or musicians form gresham, or supergroup
public-speaking student to make point of gesturing
nation suddenly realizes it never had to worry about john mccain dying over past 8 years if he'd become president
i've said to her that a good relationship needs a good sexual relationship aswell, but i don't think shes taking me seriously.
i had to ask a month before the color of the dress i needed for the event.
kinky recessive gene loves being dominated
do i choose ruslana or ivanna?â ruslana gets really fucking triggered that im friends with ivanna and i try telling her that ivanna isn't as bad as she thinks she is.
partygoer rolls a couple of fat burritos to pass around
should she have cleaned it up?
non-menstruating people if you don’t want to read this skip this paragraph and you still get the jist.
disgruntled liberals publishing at furious pace
\- i just don't think it's appropriate for a girl in a relationship to spend 2 weeks abroad with two guys while her boyfriend sits at home.
i've been working through some self-image and mental health problems, and have recently taken the opportunity of being on holiday to expose myself to situations that are difficult for me to try and build tolerance.
so i refused to pull over, and told her to just wait until we got home.
frozen tundra of emptiness stretching out forever and ever weighed against date with mike4763
i love how social they are and how much they show love back to their humans, and that they are smart and trainable.
report: some people actually very happy
so basically what happened is i spent the night in jail but got away free of charges.
nation doesn't know if it can take another bullshit speech about healing
report: still a few seconds left where plane low enough to crash with everyone surviving
content writer awkwardly shows parents around website where he works
it is not my intention to hurt, but at the same time as a man i have needs.
shopper takes bizarre journey beyond bed, bath
i think victoria thinking we're going on a big trip for her is an asshole move, but ignoring that..
sleepovers have been rare in our relationship, and the next morning she always makes some off-hand comment along the lines of "\[yawn\], oh, im just so tired today" or "i really did not sleep well last night." it's never the best night sleep for me either, but right now, both of us have full-sized beds.
as i understand tipping is done to help offset low wages, but that's an extra expense that i'm not sure i'm willing to cough up.
japanese businessman found hiding on golf course thinks mid-'80s economic boom still going on
now her dad isn't too rich or anything, but he can definitely help her with everything she has asked so far.
it was his first time but he didn’t even try.
glade introduces new spring meadow fire extinguisher
trump complains entire personality rigged against him
i can honestly count the times he's raised his voice to me on one hand so i was a little taken aback when he started yelling back at me.
if you love someone, i think you should be able to share with them without them demonizing you or making them feel unloved.
he said i was a bad person and was throwing a pity party for myself over my reasons for cheating and some other angry and hurtful words, then blocked me for two months before reaching back out to me recently when he found out i had continued talking to his mom even though he asked me not to.
anyway, we kept messaging and it remained just as insightful and fun as it had previously been.
we have very different music tastes so we enjoy dancing to different songs.
the basement fridge is slightly more inconvenient.
anyway ff, he's gone, he text me asking if i'm angry, tells me he was wrong for hitting me, but i was also wrong for not "obbeying".
then we try getting out of the house and tristan follows us.
guys it is just me or is it not cool to be giving condoms to 5th graders and teaching them about oral/anal sex?
fast forward a couple of months to late last week, another coworker notified me of a handwritten note sitting in the truck and when they opened the door they were showered by 9 or so of my water bottles, a booby trap intended for me, no doubt.
spooked rubio staffers drive slowly past abandoned jeb bush campaign headquarters
also she drove me 1 time every week so its kinda a payback even if i just gave her already money for this.
ever since then, i’ve been paranoid about having people over to the house.
i was super happy for him, no big deal.
freak totally has the hots for you, popular-girl sources report
boyfriend and i have been living together for over 5 years.
none of my other friends have ever expressed such an opinion not even the ones chris and i have in common which kinda reassures me that i'm not doing anything wrong by him, but she seems so certain about her view i had to ask, am i the asshole?
that is the reason she told me.
uber offering discounted wages for election day
i reply that i wished she'd asked first and not just presume and borderline assault me.
(throwaway account) my good friend and i have been known each other for a while (about 4-5 years), but recently, there is a girl that i am interested in now.
hacker just going to fix a few annoying typos on company's website before stealing customer data
heineken apologizes for racist ad with new special-release 'blacks only' beer
area dad just wants to watch one 7-hour block of television without interruption
i explained to her that accusing us of stealing and of soliciting a donation was a crazy thing to do and i had gone there to clear it up.
female friend group fails in one duty of providing good gynecologist recommendation
at first she seemed to be understanding and agree feel bad about it but as we kept talking i pretty much said that it sucks because the only reason that your twitch is blowing up so quickly is because you're a girl with a camera playing video games.
we are always having money issues.
grandma getting to point where she looks like every other grandma
jay-z's grandfather busted with trunk full of canadian prescription drugs
most of the fights evolve into me getting frustrated, because i'm weird and don't know how to express my feelings, or don't feel like they are being understood.
unidentified yowling animal in carrier apparently named kiwi
haunted corn maze owner has another conversation with zombie no. 2 about not touching
by the way, my brother attends all her family gatherings and parties with no issues.
co-worker didn't finish their food and wanted to bring it with us on an almost 20 minute car drive back to work.
when the guac came in, i asked her to give us onions on the side for my date.
rich white people get latino guy to do some work for them
spacecraft travel from all over galaxy to honor end of opportunity rover's life
amazingly humanlike robot able to commit thousands of mistakes per day
i wrote a note instead of telling her in person saying as she would probably notice in the morning before i had a chance to say.
aita car dealer couldn't wait 4 days for a 90% down payment?
obama finally tells rambling tom vilsack to shut the fuck up during cabinet meeting
yalie strikes harvard lad sharply about the face and neck
aita for thinking he could leave the switch behind?
texas governor warns it could be decades before state fully ready to talk about climate change
&#x200b; i have moved to my recent apartment a four years ago and got a dog, and the story takes place about two years ago.
music playing in bar could stand to be louder, worse
since my father works in the same business circle as i do (different companies, same field) some fuck heads have been messaging me asking if i enjoyed my families new years celebration without knowing i wasn't there.
wolf blitzer decks boston man who hasn't been healed by red sox baseball
i (f 23) come from the kind of family that has one child within it that looks obviously not like the others.
sarah huckabee sanders unable to answer any questions about administration after signing non-disclosure agreement
&#x200b; aita &#x200b; &#x200b; &#x200b; edit 2: by upset i meant sad, not mad or angry
i get to class early one day and sit in my usual seat and my other (white) friend comes in and sits down next to me.
well she was out of the state all summer, so when she got back we started hanging out again.
aita for being annoyed my wife gets mad at me for forgetting things occasionally, i'll forget minor stuff that is unimportant to me and this makes my wife angry - case in point is tonight when she asked if i knocked her hairspray onto the floor, and spilled some.
aita (on behalf of my girlfriend...
bill gates' wife worried he's lying in a ditch full of money somewhere
precious little voter needs to feel inspired by candidate
movie studio blows whole budget on big-name gaffer
sorry if the whole story was a bit confusing, been lurking on reddit for a while but haven't posted much.
gets doctor’s prescription for an esa.
all the bells and whistles, a spacious hatchback, keyless, you name it!
>me: this is why i asked for feedback at the end of the session.
they later changed their minds about selling after putting on the market.
apparently she stepped in the poop when she came in and track some of it while going to get paper towels.
focus group reveals: 95 percent of americans would like to go home
tl;dr : my girlfriend got angry with me because my friend slept over in my bed and she thinks this friend crosses the line too much.
trump postpones grand opening of trump tower moscow until fuss over bombshell report dies down
i was upset because he told his son this without even telling me.
i live in a land of logic and reason, and it is eternally frustrating to feel like i am in the wrong for taking what she says as exactly what she is saying.
boehner opens another heap of letters from constituents asking to give corporations more tax breaks
subscribed to titty models in twitter, snapchat, instagram, facebook, tumblr..
man annoyed at being mistaken for employee just because he driving forklift through store
i tell her that i'm okay for a cuddle night as long as we have sex first, or at least a nice long bj.
am i being an overreacting asshole!?
new sympathetic alarm clock just lets you sleep
millions of work hours lost to voting
i told her that paying for three children to go out of state would be a lot of money, but that just paying for one is not as expensive.
mitt romney reaches out to young voters with laser tag pizza party
new one-a-month vitamin presents choking hazard
she rationalised it by it being her choice so it’s ok and i was complacent.
camel cash gaining strength against the dollar
she got really upset and told me that's too much work to ask of her and if it gets too hard i can just make them sandwiches.
these dogs are literally best friends for over 2 years and do everything together.
'low-energy jeb,' whispers jeb bush sitting alone in dark watching televised trump speech
i hit my stride and started doing much better and i was talking myself up for confidence, and "trash talking" my opponents but not actually to them, just in the privacy of my living room.
proposed legislation offers citizenship to immigrants who can play piano so good it makes everyone cry
am i justifiably angry at the both of them for this less than 2 weeks after the break up or am i being unjust as i ended it and i’m not together with her anymore.
i've always thought this was fine until today, when i got out of class one of my friends came and told me he overheard some of the other students calling me annoying and "a ass kisser".
new biblical text reveals god first sent christ to save elk as practice
boy scouts celebrate proud history of preparing teens for not having cool friends
bumble bee tuna celebrates 10,000th supermarket circular cover
spineless democratic senator caves to demands of sick children
but if you tell someone you enjoy spending time with them, that you want to be friends, it's expected that you treat them like a friend, or at least a fellow human being.
originally he was only supposed to be working 2-3 days a week as a casual but since it's been uni holidays he was put on the full 5 days a week.
tsunami death toll rises to 36 americans
later on, as it was around time for my exams, i decided to like and comment on her *recent* posts, such as any pictures that she uploaded and all.
i didn't want an online relationship.
so i pick up the trash and throw it harder back at him.
wedding planner suggests replacing unsightly groom
until one night we were drunk at an event and argued about the situation and how i didn’t want to be a home wrecker.
i basically went off on the posters, shittalking marx and communism in general, and a girl i know quite well screenshotted the story, and appeared to have gotten fairly upset with me.
i resisted exploding, and voiced my concerns to him.
inhibitions dropped after first sip of beer
jews' covenant up for renewal with god
restaurant entrance doesn't work all damn day to be called 'other door'
he is so smart and absolutely hilarious.
in the past year, she's been in several minor car accidents, and now her car is inoperable.
she said that i violated the main rule of our agreement--that she and my child always come first.
i’m not sure if i pushed her too far or not.
then i found out that they hung out all the next weekend, then the next, then eventually they started dating.
i’m vietnamese, and my parents are immigrants from vietnam.
political cartoonist not sure how to convey that large sack in senator's hand is full of money
i went over to his place to see his dog and talk, one thing leads to another and we end up making up and having sex.
so this guy over in r/squaredcircle is being an asshat.
barbecue chicken panini succumbs to howard-related causes
track winnings reinvested in blackjack futures
she was pretty impressed like "damn, i'm stealing this one".
self-defense instructor keeps a couple of secrets to himself
anyway, the final straw was that i introduced him to naruto, and told him to just check out the first three episodes, and if he hated it, to just stop watching.
aita for cheering the road team at my local hockey team’s arena (and booing the home team)?
that’s when the very awkward, kind of lonely, girl offered me hers.
(it's a rx8) when i was putting it in the garage i accidentally did something maybe to much clutch when shifting out of neutral and it back fired.
he was super sweet and took it off and i ordered something else.
diabetic 8-year-old throws worst birthday party ever
he scolded her for ''apoligizing to the bastard".
area man to start curling his 2s
i got up, wiped everything i saw off with disinfectant and cleaner.
i notice she’s not covering her mouth.
i generally am generous with my money for friends and as of the conversation i'm literally making/providing things for these people for free.
divorced parents a little hurt child's christmas list doesn't include heartbreaking wish for them to get back together
but for some reason i felt compelled to look her up.
this was halfway thru dinner, and i don't think i responded to her after that.
area man now checks inside boat in driveway every morning
she’s saying that it’s my fault and she didn’t deserve this.
my dad was super confused so he comes up to me and asks why the hell the cops are at the house.
aita for not going to the staff party?
mississippi bans soft drinks smaller than 20 ounces
laser pointer aimed toward space in 1997 finally annoying planet 13 light-years away
sandwich previously thought incapable of looking more depressing flattened in backpack
i have a girlfriend who is nice but i feel i missed out on a lot of socializing when i was a kid.
after about 10 seconds we go couple more feet again, and this time he starts reversing into me.
new sat section tests ability to pay tuition
study finds mass extinction could free up billions of dollars in conservation funding by 2024
am i the asshole for doing this?
so, i went to the clinic and asked about the price for such diagnosis and testing and everything and was surprised by the amount of money needed in order to get this thing discarded.
i will graduate in this year, and i am very tired thanks to the cutted weekends.
(my cat won’t attack a person but won’t allow anyone but me to pick her up and handle her or she’ll scratch.
i just felt sick, when we go to malaysia he will be able to have full conversations with my own grandparents that i've never been able to enjoy while i'm sat alone again as the only single-language speaker in the room and my whole family is looking down on me and talking about me questioning me because if a white boy can do it why can't i?
back story: grew up in middle class america.
this hurts my feelings so when i talked to pablo about how his friendship made me felt.
we do our own individual laundry, but usually she’s the one who folds them.
i was (and still am) pissed, and wasnt very rational in my acts and thinking.
nor would i ever just adopt a dog for someone who doesn't want one???
sometimes she brought up some of my behaviour and i told her that i'm not perfect, because i'm not.
you do your shit and i'll do mine."
i’m not ready to be a father at all.
he needed to go to the doctor for a follow up visit, and he just bought a brand new dually crew cab 4 wheel truck.
she said it was my responsibility to know she was too fucked up.
norah jones releases debut album for third time
i never felt comfortable making art at his house because he would act like i was laying around and doing nothing but making a mess all day.
maybe for some this would be simple, but i'm not the best at this class so it took me a long time to figure out the logic behind the game, and it wasn't fully functional until the day before it was due.
during a manic episode, he gets the motive to carry out his suicidal thoughts from his depressive episodes.
basically, my friends all think this is creepy but i say i was just doing it out of true love and that they don't know what it feels like.
now some people saying im a jerk for doing that am i jerk for standing up.
i set up the roles and nicknames to reference a type of authoritarian regime where discussing japanese is forbidden.
i decided to call her and see what was wrong.
nation healed by awesome sports highlight
i want them to know how much they hurt me.
i then got a warning from one of the mods.
delta plane jettisons dozens of comfort animals midflight following policy changes
prior to that i've never had a flu shot and i've never had the flu (knock on all the wood) but i understand that people get them.
whenever my friend max's long-term girlfriend was in town, she would come too.
blood-spattered sarah huckabee sanders holds up huge dismembered penis to prove presidential member completely normal
wendy's new homestyle chicken strips salad shamelessly touted
we went on a few dates(3) and other than that just chilled at her place, or mine.
and because of the cat, but we won the fight over the cat with my mom years ago.
aita for leaving my fiancée while she was in rehab?
&#x200b; she says she needs as much space as possible to sprawl out in order to get a good night's sleep.
aita for trying to drive my asshole coworker crazy?
visiting chinese pm presents obama with 'the expendables' on dvd
rolos unveils new cryptocurrency exclusively for rolos customers
aita for being ashamed of my boyfriend for being fat.
romney to town hall audience: 'i own horses and care for them, and you are all like horses'
we both had a guilty pleasure of watching japanese anime(cartoons from japan) and korean dramas.
family now openly wondering when grandma will die
we chill there for a couple hours and at this point we're all pretty drunk.
aita for giving a talk about how feminism is putting down men.
every time he stayed out late he’d come home more drunk than the last night and i’d be worried sick about him.
yacht name conveys owner's easygoing lifestyle
&#x200b; i'm not saying i'm perfect either.
guy on racetrack p.a. sounds a little depressed today
for those that aren’t aware, there are lifelike dolls made for purchase.
american museum of natural history acquires rare third-grader separated from group on class trip
she said she was sick of me trying to push money on her, she says that she wants to earn her own money.
i had pretty much checked out of the old relationship so it's not like i've moved on too fast.
esports star suspected of using peds
she said she looked for a bigger place, but couldn't afford it (appearently she ignored my offer to help pay for a larger place).
i feel that i’ve given them enough warning and leeway, and that at this point if the parents can’t control the kids they shouldn’t be living in a top floor apartment.
i would drink the milk and eat yogurt and throw it in the garbage compactor without anyone knowing.
baseball is a very superstitious sport.
&#x200b; &#x200b; bonus- yesterday she refused to text me while she was at college and at work, or while she was traveling home.
elmore leonard, modern prose master, noted for his terse prose style and for writing about things perfectly and succinctly with a remarkable economy of words, unfortunately and sadly expired this gloomy tuesday at the age of 87 years old
'first date going really well,' thinks man who hasn't stopped talking yet
he’s just such an amazing, nice person who i honestly wish i was physically attracted to because he’s such a genuine friend.
i excused myself and drove to mcdonalds where i waited until they left before i went home again.
main thing: he admitted he needed this too so he wouldn’t put so much into the relationship as he had been and that it was a good thing to spend some time with my friends as i had not been as of recent and felt drifting.
i stay in the left lane because it’s the lane that goes through the junction without having to merge in.
(they did not listen to me) recently, their dog developed medical problems and pissed on the bed.
desperate chives marketing board launches 'big bowl o' chives in the mornin'' campaign
all i want in a friend is for someone to be caring enough to ask me how i'm doing every once in a while, stick up for me even if i'm not around, and ask me to hangout.
new roommate bestows apartment with unexpected windfall of end tables
but the thing is, my pitbull actually passed away, like a month andn a half prior to this.
aita for lying about an allergy at a restaurant and ending up at the emergency room?
the class itself was meant to critque my work.
presently on the nj turnpike with my husband and 18 yr old son.
he'd already been smoking for awhile but was promising to quit until then.
but that’s just it, she hadn’t told me no.
fertility center asks couple if they want some cheap eggs from a real fucked up chick
no one in prison sure how jared fogle still eating subway every meal
he has said exactly this, with that exact wording, himself on numerous past occasions.
i get back to our holiday home and ask if anyone needs help preparing for our family lunch.
increasingly horrified man listens to self explain what he does for a living
india continues surge towards status as first world nation by reelecting racist, right-wing authoritarian
so me and this girl were pretty good friends.
desperate 'time' magazine announces 'man of june'
weekend encounter with coworker never acknowledged
cleaning of our own rooms and such is left at our own discrecion.
presumptuous congressional freshman thinks she can just come in and represent constituents
i feel like i did a good thing for him telling him the truth.
and i didn't buy huge amounts- i ended up with less than $100 of material.
needless to say, she didn't take it well.
i was annoyed that she wouldn’t go.
am i an asshole for this?
alarming report finds only 6% of earth's surface indoors
i did went to see a therapist, for i didn't want to tell her about my problems, but it seemed useless to me.
but things have been taken too far lately because they travel a lot now and always leave me with 2 dogs for 2-3 months.
i reached back out to fishfan420 at this point too, but i honestly don't remember that conversation that well.
&#x200b; after my stagette, it was the end of summer and victoria applied within her industry.
i didn't kick her out with a t-shirt and shorts on.
now i’m no dummy and i know my way around the car i’ve had for 30 years.
later on i told my boyfriend that was he said hurt me, and i reiterated that i already feel guilty for having more money so this didn't help.
obama to wait for next bruce springsteen album for word on economy
so yeah, i think there is some asshole behavior on my part, but it only came out as a response to what i saw as assholish behavior.
note that we had only talked a couple of times, so we didn't really have a friendship.
report: average american consumes 156 pounds of sugar per year but would like to consume much more
jewelry company jumps gun with engagement ring commercial featuring polyamorous triad
i had no clue she would find anything wrong with an animated videogame.
am proceeding to remove her from all profiles and move on.** i'm probably the asshole; i could've handled it better but i did what i had to, being an asshole probably required to actually get the hell out of a potentially irreversible situation.
it's the nature of the job.
i can't do that to him".
but now it's the middle of winter and there's a lot of snow and it's really cold so i can't do that anymore.
aita for telling my mom not to buy gifts for a different family this christmas?
before, our arguments were on concrete topics and easy to solve.
report: 3 players in nfl currently do not have concussions
he told my mother that he is atheist about a year ago, and she took it a lot better than i thought.
i try to explain that i'm 21 years old and how her and this man had seen my id before, how neither of us had done anything wrong, and how she had no right to yell at either of us.
in some situations, public ear buds are not a problem like sitting on a park bench or using a cardio machine at the gym.
i have been dating my current girlfriend around 7 months now.
man confident perfect dating app waiting for him out there somewhere
lesbian couple enjoys hot lesbian action
so julia starts crying and i just leave because 1.
david blaine starves self of attention for 33 days
i think we haven’t been dating long enough for me to say that, but having his mom so involved with him annoys me.
i never said much because i felt like shit and didn't want to make it worse; then i ended up in the hospital.
what you did not acknowledge was that the girls felt scared and h too.
my apologies for the limited title - i wasn’t sure how to explain my dilemma in such a short phrase, so please keep reading.
but i swear i'd die and go to heaven if is nails were shiny and polished.
aita for not greeting my family who came from colorado for 1 week to see us in new jersey?
tea party congressman calls for tax breaks to put out raging wildfire in district
pet dog almost like disgusting family member
seaworld crowd applauds for dolphin playfully spraying blood from blowhole
aita for telling my fiance that i love my female best friend?
secretary of transportation worried he's not living up to legacy of claude s. brinegar
my husband has had this damn doll since before we even met.
paralyzed man determined to still live normal sedentary life
my friend was being annoying so i told her to "commit neck rope" (as a joke, i would never tell someone to legitimately kill themselves) &#x200b; she suddenly got incredibly offended and began yelling at me because she used to struggle somewhat with depression.
but ultimately, i wanted to thank some of you guys in the thread.
this happened today and i’m still confused about whether or not i’ve actually done anything wrong.
anyways, i ended up threatening to call the cops if he didn’t leave and he eventually did.
keep in mind i have never given a hikey before and had no idea how i did.
as we waited for him to get on i had informed friends 2 and 3 he was on the way and that we should wait to queue up as a 4 man squad.
the cyberspace revolution: why are the media ignoring it?
oklahoma leaders claim teachers' strike betrays values of nation's 1914 founding by abraham lincoln and orville redenbacher
i plan on going back friday night to put my foot down.
gruff, no-nonsense teacher only hard on students because he gets off on exploiting power
area grasshopper kind of a thorax man himself
she was also obsessed with a boy (j) who was dating someone else.
during the last spell, i tried to get him to smoke some of my oil, but he refused.) there are some treatments for ts, but while he was growing up there were essentially none and i think he still thinks that, during our 12 years together, he’s never taken any medication for his ts or had any treatment aside from what he does to try to control his tics on his own.
herculean effort, astronomical expense lead to photo of whole family at disney world
when i brought it up i was met with not much more than just “oh i changed my mind about food and forgot”.
the very reason the mistake was made was that the same meal was ordered and the waiter probably forgot to push on the meal on their touch screen twice.
hip-hop man enjoys making musical rapping sounds
he doesn't have the competitive edge.
(i had tried to do some facebook searches before that but nothing came up).
bolton argues war with iran only way to avenge americans killed in upcoming war with iran
outside, i noticed tissues were in the recycling bin now too.
party host proudly informs guests they're eating shark
i understand that phobias can be serious, but knowing her i feel like she overreacted and exaggerated her phobia for attention because that’s just the type of person she is.
my boyfriend agreed, but after a few days it became evident that it was not going to be enough.
i really don't think me asking for money that i can spend on myself without feeling guilty would be such a big deal.
i never targeted him before, he targeted me.
it was clear that he'd be playing that role in team activities and matches, meaning i would get to play much less.
guy thinks he’s a total comedian.
kiss cover band guitarist leaves to start vinnie vincent invasion tribute band
maybe i should have malicious compliance and bring my daughter 3 jackets to wear.
&#x200b; am i the asshole for pushing my girlfriend to go further, breaking the promise i made, or am i in the right, as i kept to the spirit of the promise and did not try to make her do anything that i knew that she did not want to do?
vessel for male sexual gratification very sad today
i’ve been complaining for a while that my daughter doesn’t listen to me.
aita for telling my wife id like her to get into better shape, so that we can have a better sex life.
slowly rotating pie a metaphor for trucker's failing marriage
my sister and i used to sneak boys and girls over all the time for each other so there's a reason why i keep the kids separate.
i admit this is going to be more one sided then i'd like because it just happened one hour ago and i partially wrote this try and explain to myself why i am upset.
so i decided not to take them.
we started budgeting and paid off our loans.
for reference my brother's pc is has an i7 and a respectable graphics card.
aita for unintentionally triggering someone’s phobia?
wife is out of town for the week.
paul ryan adds 14-ounce training weights to speaker's gavel
also i don't judge every bi or question them about their dating history.
this stuff did happen but i meant nothing by it and love my girlfriend to death.
report: fritz a fine name for a boy
aita for calling out my gf when she didn't consider inviting me to a trip?
i have since realized she is perfect for me, and i love her just the way she is.
i constantly get asked why does your sister look asian especially growing up.
i think mafia gives diplomacy a run for its money.
we soon started texting a lot and talked about hanging out outside of work.
genetics emphatically deny playing any part in area man's body
god shoots himself while cleaning gun
she has only dated guys who are older than thirty.
my sister asks if i'm going to introduce her to our family anytime soon which makes me realize that i haven't actually asked her if we are dating or not.
i made an announcement asking people to vote yes or no on banning serious discussion of the japanese language.
and she never decided to tell me anything about it.
court summons comes with 1,025 free hours of aol
she just didn't see it, called me controlling, but agreed to stop seeing him, despite me never asking her to do that.
i definitely need to communicate with her more and adjust my expectations.
this goes on back and forth for like a good 40 minutes and, mind you, we haven't run a single card and we haven't touched a dime of his.
new study finds you'd love being rich asshole
very quirky, but we love him nonetheless * r is 17f, my cousin (on this insular community she may as well be my sister) * n is 19f, my sister, good friends with d * a is 16f, another girl from our school * j is 18m, another friend of mine.
then he walked past me and i did not get hit by the front table legs.
my ex-husband (with whom i share 2 children) hid money from me in an account i didn't know about while i shared all of my money with him.
we've been off and on again for 2 years now.
novelist thinks people shrug 10 times more than they actually do
area dad suspicious of car parked across street
it is entirely passionate (not sexy just emotionally charged) entries about his ex.
young child still developing antibodies to mountain dew
kline not sure he fits in at oppendahl, oppendahl, kline & oppendahl
as she got older, well, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree and she is a spitting image of him, in her mannerisms, attitude, just....
i'd forgotten about the friend codes you were supposed to get or i'd have tried to send one to my account.
i do this for about half an hour and then petunia starts yelling at me to start talking to her and she wants to know why i’m not talking to her.
(side note: they live in the philippines, in the much poorer areas.) anyways, they finally did the one thing that really ties them to each other forever and that's having a baby.
after he leaves the girl asks how long we've been friends and i just instinctively say: "we met a long time ago in highschool.
he said he doesn't want to be recognized and only is willing to talk in his room.
to anyone who is still reading this, i thank you for advising me, and for your honest judgements.
he asked how i knew and i told him that sabrina told me.
i didn't feel this would be viewed as inappropriate by alex.
because he did a favor for her that she owed a favor to him.
area veal calf is totally cramped!
i tell s i am not speaking to s anymore and give her back a copy of the key to her house as i no longer want to see/speak with s right now.
i told him we need to talk about this in person.
he basically chalked it up to "it's a problem between you guys, not me" that's what really hurt.
i wasn't trying to get with any of these girls, it just feels so great being friends with new people again after so long.
i told her "i'm sorry ma'am i stand during games." maybe 20 minutes later her husband (boyfriend, idk, they were sitting together) basically yelled "sit your fatass down!" they got an usher to come over and ask me to move.
i told her to get some formula or breast milk ready for when i get home from work tonight, leave me the dishes and i'll take the baby out of the bedroom so she can get some real sleep.
auction won by crab with $20 stuck in claw
presidential debate to be accompanied by sultry latin beat
i think i have full blame here.
disgusting couple always interacting in public
empty yogurt cup completes tableau of used food containers on single man's windowsill
our building has two floors and a bathroom on each floor.
she didn't come back until 3am, at which point she told me that she had had a huge anxiety attack and was suicidal.
shit had hit the fan because last semester i joined a business fraternity where i had became friends with many people.
and by telling her she needed to apologize i was asserting my power over her and the relationship.
her parents also got engaged in the plaza but in a much more informal "hippieish" manner in the 70s, but it was still the same location.
the rest of the class hear (because she's reading it out loud) and eventually the teacher catches on and goes to one of the heads of year because they're concerned (she actually texted me later saying the letter was sweet but she already knew my feelings for her and didn't need the letter).
matt lauer spending more time with friends, family after installing automatic locking devices on doors at home
30-year-old has earned $11 more than he would have without college education
nasa discovers distant planet located outside funding capabilities
confused firefighters fail to rescue child wearing firefighter costume
i've been seeing someone fairly regularly for about a month and he's a really cool guy!
gm covered with giant tarp until it has money to work on cars again
i miss the days we hung out together as a group, and sadly those days seem to be over.
then, she started wearing my stuff.
i understand house rules, i understand common sense and courtesy.
two of my friends are telling me that i'm literally acting like an asshole and that everything that this guy brings to the table i either need to get over myself and the sword or at least apologize to him and see if maybe he'll give me a second chance.
he was completely comatose, able to hear us, but unable to move, see, or speak outside pained groans.
heroic cancer sufferer inspires others to get cancer
child boosted on shoulders for better view of man having heart attack
he is able to land dinner reservations at booked up resteraunts and i am not.
she's always been nice to me, but i really don't want to be involved in their marriage mess.
logo in corner of tv reminds man he's masturbating to spice
woman with furrowed brow on airplane carefully studies article about which actress wore dress better
\- ella doesn't think it's appropriate to ask people to go on a big trip for your event.
while not an extreme distance apart, it was still a fair commute.
regular pediatrician recommends visiting with a specialist in a bigger hospital about two hours away, and while not an emergency it should be sooner rather than later.
i request that in the future you refrain from making accusations when you don't know the facts.
for those of you saying i'm an asshole, you're probably right.
nation ready for its din din
i feel bad because he’s still little but i don’t feel the way my girlfriend doesn’t when we spend time with him.
aita lying for my dad throwaway because my family is on reddit.
ice argues migrants in camps are free to die at any time
wendy's wants consumers to know it's fine with gays, disapproves of interracial marriage
over the next week j was very off with me, refusing to engage in conversation (messages) with me etc.
seventh-grade biology class grossed out at having to dissect horse
saudi arabia officially lifts ban on female monster truck rallies
she eventually asked me what i was looking for and i told her that i wasn’t looking for anything but i was down to hook up repeatedly and see where things went.
child running around house in bathing suit has no immediate plans to visit body of water
she tries to play it cool when she notices, like it's no big deal, but it doesn't take long for her to start crying.
one weekend goes by and then she tells me she's coming in town for a concert on the upcoming friday, and then she'll be free the next day on saturday.
my other drunk friends are just laughing..
even if we decided to pay for the wedding ourselves, how could she not even mention it to me?
i let him know that i am agnostic to gender when it comes to sequencing in an line.
pull out phone to play some runescape cuz attention span the size of a nematoad.
because thats a deal breaker im not going through life unfufilled 📷 \-do you feel that it has interference in our sex lofe?
so when my boyfriend went to pick everything up a week later, they said it was still dirty and to come back another day.
our mother would always force us (sister, brother, and i) inside a shitty cramped car every sunday and we used to hate it.
website's built-in search engine just pathetic
they did take me somewhere, so i feel like a spoiled brat to be upset.
oxycontin maker criticized for new 'it gets you high' campaign
beauty industry exec keeps photo of crying 15-year-old girl on desk to remind himself why he does this
we remained friends and hooked up a few times.
network programming dominated by surreality tv
my mom told my brother and i to wash the dishes, and we said we would do it later.
i even scared both our cats while yelling.
what hurt me so much was that you practically called me a liar and then lied about sending 'my friend' that message.
raccoon family tired of taking care of rabid father
i am in a, the freshman roommate i’m having issues with lives in b, and the senior roommate i live with lives in c.
it’s a shame, she reminds me of someone i once mentored and she reminds me a lot of myself.
so jump back to the day she came to school pissed.
he immediately freaked out, said sorry.
ruthless, powerful ceo has become very thing he loves most
i agree with this on the one hand but i also think it's a dangerous precedent to set.
aita for not wanting to go to my class 1.5 hours early and wait 45 minutes for it to start?
but am i the asshole for booting her?
hate (it is bit of a strong word, but it's the closest i can come up with) because they disregarded my feelings at the start of their relationship (i'm very honest person, so i would have loved if one of them could have told me, now i just feel like my trust in both of them was betrayed all at once).
why does she get a free ticket to do whatever the hell she wants?
when i ask him about it, he says he just didn't feel good or was tired (well of course, you went to bed at 2am knowing you had to get up for work in 5 hours).
i in no way an accusatory or think that it is “her fault.” hell, the problem might even be me?
gop announces plan to go after obamacare
laffy taffy sponsors every cobblestone at 9/11 memorial
he replied within the hour “yeah, we probably should”.
study finds chimpanzees only other animal capable of keeping lid on friend's affair
investigation of what fell off nightstand postponed until morning
clinton commissions john williams to compose 'clinton's theme'
i am a fast sleeper, and normally my wife will use her phone in bed.
he made a lot of distasteful jokes and hit on me the first 4 weeks of class but he wasn't like, a total dick, just really awkward and definitely nobody i would be friends with.
on a side note, just two weeks ago i wanted to buy a trench coat, and i asked her for advice, but i ultimately didn't go through with it.
however when i asked him if we could just try it and see how it goes he agreed.
they currently live with us but had been living with his mom up until about 2 years ago.
wibta for checking on bfs good/bad qualities?
i have my own and contribute equally to the costs of the household (rent, food, etc.).
liu xiaobo - going to be pretty tough for the chinese government to kill now
as far as i'm concerned, it's my holiday too and the last thing i want is to be a workhorse, especially when in at least two people's cases they're perfectly capable of working things out for themselves using a phrasebook or simply learning stuff beforehand.
i’m also not a big sweater, if that makes a difference - but, i like to wipe my face periodically.
my own family couldn't afford to fly over to see me, so her family really took the reigns for my care and support.
so this is not the first time this happened to me, but basically i talked to this girl online for about 7-8 months as a friend, but we both kinda knew that there is something more going on between us, i.e.
delicate little man kept awake all night by having coffee after four o'clock
am i the asshole in this?
rodeo clown bleeding on the inside
we very very rarely fight, but last night we had by far the worst in our relationship and i'm heartbroken about it.
so i set my food down, go to the bathroom and when i come back i see the plate of food on the floor spilled everywhere.
she seemed neutral about it and never said anything or reciprocated.
embarrassed library of congress can't believe some of the albums it used to be into
of the three of us i am the most social.
'people are inherently good,' world halfheartedly mutters
friend attempting to provide comfort has no clue what the fuck she's talking about
i didn’t think he drugged it or anything but i just know my limits.
car ride devoted to explaining what things will be different about grandma this visit
on top of this, i recently purchased a gaming laptop for studying and gaming.
if he had nothing directly linking him to the college i wouldn't care what he posted.
but at the same time, whenever i think about visiting her, it stresses me out and makes me start feeling resentful toward her again.
cory booker tries to relate to rural voters by mangling hand in grain auger
i had sped up to about 95 by this point btw.
i married mike, the kids are all grown, and we don't feel like clarabelle needs a mother figure as an adult.
anyway, i wanted to support her by giving her a tip/donation, but i fucked up and my real name was exposed.
hot, sweaty jane fonda wondering if that's the best delivery boy's got
mumford and sons can't believe they all got each other mandolins for christmas
aita for accepting blowjobs from a gay friend and then cancelling?
then on the day of the match, they left me on the bench until the very last game - when we had already lost enough points that it did not matter, and it was just a show match at that point.
i told him to give me something else then if he didn't have the cash.
i thought it was the end of that.
i usually call them out and usually greeted with the same excuse: that they are trying to get more people to see it.
so christmas is coming, my family knows what they wish to have.
warning on police body camera footage cautions viewer they about to see pretty much exactly what they'd expect
my bf didn't want to talk to him about it because he was about as close with him as he is with me.
i take nearly everything serious, like i understand it's a game and it's just for fun, but i like to win and i hate losing.
there used to be a time where the normal weekend for me would be her mom picking her up from work on friday and then her staying the entire weekend until i have to pick her up monday night from work.
elderly woman applying makeup most heartbreaking thing on earth
from what i understand there’s a general understanding of each others humor and up until now she hasn’t said anything about the way i joke around with her/there hasn’t been a problem with my humor.
i believe that i’m in the right and don’t want to concede.
she became more and more unstable.
but on one specific instance i went to publix to buy a few things and while i was walking back a homeless dude approached me and asked me if i could go back and buy him and his daughter a sandwich.
lowe's unveils new table saw with attached ice chest for storing cut-off fingers
i am not the dm for either of the two games that are hosted at that house, so i didn't want to be the one to bring up the issue with them.
corporate merger renders thousands of coffee mugs obsolete
but i don’t lie to him.
report: it the part of night where everyone just sort of goes around and remembers commercials they liked
my mom cries to me every day as a way of venting but today i snapped at her and told her to stop talking to me about this issue because i feel helpless and seeing her cry and vent out to me is taking an emotional toll on me.
i just replied asking if he knew what he did wrong and he was just even more confused.
anaheim police chief john welter: 'look, our job is to shoot people'
at the next day, both sides apologized, but nothing changed.
the national annoyed after getting stuck performing on nosebleed lollapalooza stage
dad from 2150 can't get enough iraq war documentaries
for example simply cleaning off my windshield and windows with a rag and spray bottle.
keeping her happy is more important to me than keeping her from getting mad me.
wibta if i broke up with my girlfriend over something she did when we were broken up?
again, ***without solicitation***, her sister offered a loan of basically any amount to help out.
however my brother's computer did and he wasn't using it at the time, so i asked him if he would be willing to let me use his computer and set up my soundbar on it and we could just stream the movie from his computer to the tv.
the other part of me is mad because for himself aka his own fitness goal he is this motivated while he couldn't care less about our household.
pillsbury doughboy killed by skittish, broom-wielding housewife
experts warn situation in gaza will get worse before it gets much worse
chained pen yearns to visit rest of bank
be it little things like if i use a broom facing the bristles the wrong way or if i microwave my food differently then hers.
aita for sleeping with a girl who's in a shaky relationship?
last semester was the roughest i had so far (depression, suicide, breakdowns, feeling over worked, bad grades, breaking down in class..etc), i didn't talk to anybody and i keep to myself as much as possible, talking to my boss and professors only (i work as a student office assisstant).
the house we stayed in was out in the forrest, far away from anyone else so we weren't going to meet any other people that night.
he would play for 5 hours just to get one rare blueprint for one character in one day (those blueprints are basically only 1/6th of the grind).
apparently i was really wrong to put my faith in these people.
(i dont know if thats true) the whole thing was approached as if they were adults and i was an obnoxious teenager thumbing my nose at basic decency.
to begin with both julia and mary told my girlfriend that i have to wear a suit because it would be inconsiderate of me not to, and every other man will be wearing one.
my moral compass is kinda messed up with this one.
just curious if she was right or not.
new liver complains of difficulty working with lou reed
first-term congressman brings fresh roadblocks to table
fast-learning new hire gains quick grasp of how terrible job is
aita for being mad at my partner for working overtime?
it's decent paying but hard work as i'm unloading trucks all day by hand.
it has just been shitty timing for the other stuff.
i could tell by his staggering.
i explained the distance was an issue and nothing against him.
sun pacific unveils new 'hotties' variety of voluptuous, shapely clementines
now i posted a picture of someone urinating in the next stall with only part of some jeans and some shoes on r/extremelyinfuriating and all i have gotten is backlash for taking pictures in a bathroom and not respecting the person's privacy.
guinness releases abridged book of freaks for readers who just want the good stuff
i thought the baby would somehow magically clear up the toxicity (how naive i was) and mature them because now they have a baby to take care of but nope.
man going to restroom deputizes friend to order him another beer
the worst of it all is that it's been a month now that i've been ejaculating blood, like, blood, you know?
this halloween i went to the bars and saw her.
aita for being angry at my friends over videogames?
told employee who thinks i went overboard.
aita for telling my girlfriend we are not very compatible sex wise and asking if we can have an open relationship?
little bit of fever, turned down $800 in blood work and x-rays but got the antinausia meds.
he has aspergers (he's autistic) and he doesn't even work.
( so it was a saturday night, and i was talking to my girlfriend over discord, and i made a joke when she asked a question, about how there was a bird over there, and how she should look over there to find it.
pussy-hat-wearing jeff flake spotted protesting outside senate ahead of voting yes for kavanaugh
it was really gross and didn't even seem to stop the issue he was back to licking after a few hours.
man googling 'tender lump on neck' about to begin exciting new phase in life
we started to meet 2-3 times per week and have done so for the last 3 months.
i feel like that's part of any relationship, whether it's romantic or friendship or siblings, that there's some give and take (obviously i'm laying it on a little thick for my side of the argument but i want to explain my reasoning).
many on the group did not see my point of view.
she went in for a few minutes, and apparently her friend thought i was hot.
my aunt disagreed and was offended that i thought "six million jews died" was funny.
this conversation about guns started because i wanted to buy a rifle, this is before she ever told me how she felt.
she looked like she was almost dissociated because this stuff has probably been buried so down inside of her she thought she would be able to get away with never addressing it.
bernie sanders refuses flashy abc podium in favor of own humble, homemade lectern
ohio state hires jim tressel as head football coach
little butterball holding up ice cream line
'depot buys max,' nation's office-supply-loving teens text frantically to one another
area man sends message to 3,600 friends asking what they're up to tonight
his wife was there and she was looking like her water could break any second.
later that night we ended up having sex, and after we cleaned up and everything i immediately told her that i was still trying to get over my ex so i wasn't really looking for anything serious.
she knows what class it is and where.
i'm aware that these kind of things can't really be planned, but feel like some kind of before-hand discussion would have been necessary.
i was discussing with a friend about my slander on women that go out in inapropriate clothing,my personal opinion is that these days most women are dressing inapropriately.
i’ve been married for a year.
i guess iphones have this feature that if you call 911, they notify your emergency contact and send them your location.
that night i was told to play roles i don't play because i know i'm bad at them, then criticised for playing them badly.
i sent him the details on what trains to catch to get back to our hostel and told him whatever he does do not walk back.
argentina tightens security in anticipation of numerous criminals arriving for g20
we all knew why the two other friends couldn’t go but we didn’t know the last friend’s reason for not coming.
aita for publicly humiliating my ex-friend for using her phone during a movie?
the whole thing just felt really trashy.
this meeting has been held at this time for over 6 months.
i almost feel like she cheated, and i'm considering ending it.
he and i first connected because he was in a relationship with a junkie and i had just gotten out of one so needless to say i had a lot of solid advice that i wish i had known sooner and hearing about my failed methods seemed to really give him perspective.
on sunday, she says it again and says she has a meeting with her "team" to finish work.
tldr: roommate and i agreed to keep temperature at 71, she keeps turning it up to 74.
i get the comedy, it was karma, but the fact he knew i was serious about wanting to do better and started laughing instead of trying to make me feel better really hurt my feelings.
but my dad kept going, even going as far as to mimic her tendency to apologize frequently.
line item on aetna insurance bill just 'paying for ceo's yacht'
me= me ofc dad= my dad w1= the guy that fixed my bike w2= prob the boss there but i am not sure me: dad please don't make a scene (i knew that my dad will say anything that is on his mind at that moment without hesitation).
until, on some faithful day, another guy came around.
thin mints exchange hurried farewells as carol enters breakroom
i went to my office and got to work.
sleep apnea and snoring so much it’s kept a whole house of 5 people up all night.
depressed matt lauer up all night rewatching 8-second clip of career highlights
i texted back saying i'm not comfortable with that, i only want to talk and i'll wait for him at the hotel bar.
she has about 300 dudes following her and only follows one tik tok star from india, who recently passed away.
i have a black eye and a knot on my head.
or are we both in the wrong?
man hoping to accidentally see roommate's girlfriend naked
faith healer loses patient during routine miracle
haunted hayride makes extra-spooky turn onto interstate
i’ve been good at covering it up.
i haven't told her about the extent of the abuse, but she and my uncle both think my parents were just careless not abusive saying i should just forgive them.
lindsey graham stays up all night running campaign ideas by toll-free telephone operator
i also didn't think its a big deal b/c i'm just not the type of person that takes reddit too seriously.
man votes early to get week bragging about it out of way
a couple months post breakup i decided i was going to ask them if they wanted to start a fwb situation but before i got the chance they asked to get back together.
brownie" she got all offended and the people we were with were like wtf you can't say that.
i work a full time job and sometimes 7 days a week.
the session wasn’t enrapturing because it was a tutorial session.
she claims that it is unfair and asshole-ish of me to ask her to give up her dream career, though she does understand my concerns.
of course i asked why, and he said he'd been feeling stressed out from lack of sleep, work, etc.
biden shares 20-minute post-debate kiss with janna ryan
tarantula rushing to shave legs before meeting up with mate
new speech recognition software factors in user's mouth always being full
man's neuroses really putting genuine compliment through the wringer
mark zuckerberg defends decision to fly confederate flag at facebook headquarters
usda secretary rings nationwide dinner bell for y'all to get in here
pregnant jessica simpson pulls out fetus for photo op
dunkin' donuts/baskin robbins/pizza hut/taco bell/long john silver's opens
which is totally fair, thats exactly what i did.
'everything's $10,000' chain goes out of business
aita for being annoying or what?
sabrina starts freaking out on me that i shouldn’t have talked to him about anything and i broke her trust forever.
i can't really say i love them tbh.
man could see himself spending rest of life with image of woman in head
nutritionists reveal humans with proper diet should not be defecating
forget being a couple, even friends wouldn't tell blatantly obvious excuses.
i can tell the streamer gets annoyed but she hasn’t said anything to me about it yet.
facebook apologizes for giving mark zuckerberg a platform
mom hasn't ordered favorite pizza topping in over a decade
so, i started cooking the burgers and setting up the picnic tables and next thing i know, i see the property manager coming up along with a police officer.
we had a solid match and i know i was very positive and enthusiastic and complimentary about the performance of everyone there.
deep blue quietly celebrates 10th anniversary with garry kasparov's ex-wife
i told her that there was a loud party in my unit and that i wanted it to get shut down.
when i came to (still pretty drunk) there were 5 or so people there still, including, the two guys whose house it was, a friend of a friend (let's call him tarzan), and a girl tarzan had a crush on (let's call her dopey).
we are both college students (20m, 21f) and have been dating for almost 1.5 years.
i told her i would leave if that would make things easier because i felt responsible, but she insisted.
tldr: criticized the way gf wrote an email.
we argue on the phone and eventually hang up.
i tell her this, and give her the two pieces, and say 'this is the best i can do, they're falling apart'.
thing is, i think things have really cooled down, my depression has gotten better, and since we haven't talked for over a year, i was wondering if i would be the asshole to try and smooth things over and possibly get the relationship back or is she the asshole for not even trying and listening?
and that i need to end it.
eventually she ignores me, because she is annoyed.
the third time i asked she stated “i can’t say anything about it but let’s just say this isn’t the first time”.
about 3 weeks ago he went back to how he use to be in the beginning of our relationship.
after another month or so i sent them any second and last email, i said: “good evening, i would like to take the opportunity to follow up on our last conversation.
i just don't want to deal with the meltdowns that will probably come with not having the food that our kids are used to.
i recently was taking a history exam and a peer called me out for looking at my phone while the professor was out of the room.
this has been ongoing for the majority of her high school and college years.
alaskan gray wolf can't believe no one told him he's got snow on nose
aita for telling a friend i dont care if he is gay?
for a man, the seat needs to be up when urinating, and down when pooing.
some time should pass and i want things to become less extreme (edit and clarification.
man totally proud of last night's drunken phone calls
it seemed sudden but they became distant during a busy period at school.
four homeless people dead in what girlfriend refers to as 'cuddle weather'
i never even got in trouble.
this happened a while ago, but my anxious mind can't let go of it, and it's turned into bitter obsessive thoughts i can't get over and it's.
aita for making someone pay $1200 for a laptop which only cost $100 to replace via insurance?
aita for not giving a peadophile his pain relief?
(also, if they get into a fight again, i don't want to be the one having to comfort her again in all honesty) tl; dr.
i'm taking time out of my day and i'm usually the one who fills up the tank.
honestly, i wanted him to apologize for what he said.
obama, tennessee titans have no clue why team invited to white house
then we got into the argument.
she was listening in on our conversation and interjected it.
aita for discussing a relationship (between my friends) with one of them?
i want to attend as i rarely get to see this group of friends or go out for that matter.
&#x200b; so i just got upset really, and i told her this, her explanation is that she goes days without talking to him, while we talk pretty much all day every day.
the event would basically take most of my sleeping time.
for some reason, i just felt that was the moment i tell her how i feel about it.
supreme court justice application asks for 3 sample opinions
it’s worse than nails on a chalkboard.
so one day he got out of a relationship and somehow miss trashy found out and wanted to get back together, they broke up because she got her boyfriend (while she was dating my friend) to basically attack him over text, saying terrible things to him that was uncalled for.
i kind of didn’t want to so i just didn’t text her.
man nostalgic for simpler era of 20 hours ago
new 'baby weinstein' tapes prepare infants for career in entertainment law
not like i'm going to wrap it anyway.
this practice is much larger with a more formal structure than the one she left (left a one owner practice and went to a mid sized corporate group).
new omnigrain cheerios made with every existing grain on earth
'wall street journal' reintroduces nudes after failed yearlong experiment
i also intend to slowly leave the gaming phase while looking for a part-time job.
he knows how much the kids love japanese stuff with their toys and tv shows and it is so obviously a ploy to get them to come and spend time with him and his barely legal wife because otherwise they wouldn't give him the time of day.
whenever i bring it up i bust ass working 6am to 2:30pm (construction )and then 4pm to 9pm.
aita for thinking it's reasonable for her to split my flight home?
i didnt tell my parents until the day i was leaving, which just resulted in heartfelt goodbyes, and again surprised.
she has visited while on her period before.
eleven-year-old has miniskirt, pumps, vague notion of what sex is
he doesn't have any family; i still love him and considered myself to be one of his closest friends.
i did so, and knocked on her door 3 times that day to give her the milk and eggs.
family lets cars come inside house during snowstorm
i don't want to pretend the guilt still eats my alive everyday.
so i figured id ask about a situation that happened last year thats been bothering me.
i promised her i wouldn't let my previous feelings for her get in the way of our friendship.
i don't think my father will ever understand games.
joseph decided he would go over and tell one of my black friends that i had made racist jokes.
church, state joyfully reunite after 230-year trial separation
aita for wanting to go on holiday without my stepdaughter?
this call lasted 5 mins and 4 seconds.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: he said one was asking for citation.
she moved as well and went from working customer service at a car dealership in the city to one of the local ones in town.
he popped a tire because of the way he was driving.
i understand sleep deprivation and just the constant hassle of trying to deal with all things new born on her own is incredibly demanding.
she says that our father was just a monster and that she doesnt want to participate in it.
this required a one-week hospital stay to gradually gain enough function back that she could mobilize safely on her own, then another 4 weeks-ish before she was back to \~90% normal function, and only in the last 2 weeks has she been more or less independent in movement with enough endurance to be able to drive herself to the hospital to visit our daughter in nicu.
leather-jacketed congressman makes up his own rules
we went to the er, emergency stuffs checks out ok, but recommend following up with regular pediatrician.
breaking: everyone at bar cooler than area man
but she liked him, and replied "i believe people can change".
she said i was bullying him and that what i did was traumatizing.
also, several of our friends in our circle were juuling often, so they began encouraging her too.
he ended up leaving a little earlier than normal and guilting me over text while on the train home, saying he had to rush his work.
newly sober kavanaugh introduces sponsor who says he needs supreme court seat as part of recovery
wibta if i asked my wife to dress our daughter daughter is 3.5.
winter storm threatens homeless man's plans to survive over thanksgiving
louvre curators hurry to display ugly van gogh donor gave them before surprise visit
evangelical haggard claims he was molested by republican congressman
being the pessimist that i am, i psyched myself out thinking that she didn’t really like me and thought that she only hadn’t broken up with me yet because she didn’t want to seem mean.
i really do genuinely love him in every other aspect of the relationship and i felt like i was ready to sacrifice my overall happiness for the sake of my kids and having a stable environment.
aita for avoiding this guy who i blackmailed because he slandered me because [complex reasons] apologies; this is going to be long.
i try to gently explain that yes i still think about it and it hurt me a lot.
ate chicken and rice, went out side to use bathroom.
i would be lying if i said i wasn’t wicked pissed about the money.
occupation as a family doctor means job stability/flexibility, but impact on others if i'm not at work.
so here i am seeking advice from fellow redditors, aita in this situation and should i apologize, or should i continue with my forgetting s exists and go on with my not so cheerful existence.
science confirms men and women never meant to be more than friends
i have no respect for him and i show it.
i also feel my friend was wrong for how he approached me about it basically implying i'm a child instead of saying hey that isn't cool and say how i should work on it but i digress.
whole foods transforms another ordinary vegetable into status symbol
obama not sure how to handle compliment
but aita for asking or requesting that she goes and gets a checkup for issues conceiving?
a few days after i broke up with him, i downloaded tinder and started talking to a few people.
as a roommate though, he seemed to be very neurotic about a few things.
in the moment i didn’t really care about her mobility issues because at the end of the day our job as educators is to ensure these children’s safety at all times.
all day it's just bark bark bark bark bark.
'zero dark thirty' reveals navy seals killed bin laden by frantically throwing whatever they could find at him
my wife called me about an hour later asking me "what the fuck i was doing" and i said "defending my family, and also, fuck you." and hung up.
finally, she also broke up with him after a few months because he was very jealous to say the least, and she kept talking about not being with guys for a long time.
i found out she was screwing around on me with a friend at one point, which brought in this rule.
so after quickly checking around for the owner, i checked if their doors were unlocked and if i could turn the light off.
she eventually said "you don't know what you're talking about, you have no experience in the real world." so i laughed and responded with "it seems like you don't either, you crashed your car over the weekend." this is the part where she started crying and said that she almost died cause someone ran her off of the road.
new 92-grain bread depletes majority of world's resources
long story short, i was engaged to this girl like five years ago.
supreme court leaves final decision on gay marriage in capable hands of texas, alabama, georgia
i said physical objects - i have not broken your physical objects.
delirious koala hasn't slept for 72 straight minutes
j said he would work something out, and if necessary stay with his girlfriend.
we've always been friends but we didn't really hang out that much until a mutual friend, bill, moved away a few years back.
aita for returning my bfs gift?
i may have been angry at her reaction to my art but it was still the truth.
so there is someone who goes to my school who is really annoying and just this year he (thats what he wants to identify as now) switched gender to a male.
silicon breast implants perform millions of calculations per second
venus horrified after finding millions of nude pictures of herself on internet
i said yes, because i don’t want any drama if i say no or upset her.
our sex life is already a point of contention between him and i- he’s not interested in it as much as i am, and we’ve already spoken about how i felt.
it just felt like he betrayed my trust, even though we weren't dating anymore, because back then i specifically adressed the issue and he told me i shouldn't be concerned about her.
pigeon that flew down into subway going to need all his wits to get out of this one
fast forward to now and she has several offers from programs around the country, and is again pressuring me to commit to a location and asking about financial aid and whether we want to be in joint housing et cetera and i just don't know!
jared kushner relieved he can finally stop anonymously buying all items ever sold from wife's clothing line
poll: 85% of americans would like to see candidates compete in funny obstacle course
he says he didn't do it out of anger, he doesn't know exactly why he did it, it just sort of happened.
obama slips 'hope' into speech for the fans
scientists find human vocal cords developed over millennia to lower voice when speculating on acquaintance's sexual orientation
my ex friend has been telling people that he has the moral high ground and making up stories about why they broke up, claiming his ex was emotionally unable to deal with the complex and difficult emotions of a relationship of that nature so young that she became violent and would give him the silent treatment daily for several hours at a time.
i work as a lifeguard at the public pool in my town and we usually work long shifts where no one is around except for your coworker, so you usually get to know the person pretty well.
already bought me a christmas present and b.
aita entitlement vs reality a little info: at the time i was working 2 jobs, going to college, and renting a room when a hurricane hit my city.
this morning after we spent the night together, i bought breakfast for both of us , when i asked her to have breakfast together at the cafeteria at our job, she decided it to have it alone, since the doesn't want our co workers to know that we have come back together after several breakups.
over the next year, i start getting upset every now and then about this whole messaging thing.
why continue instigating when i already apologized?
willie nelson spaces on holding farm aid
a couple steps later i step in more poop this time with bear feet.
about two nights ago, my wife and i were eating dinner at home with our nearly three year old daughter.
cory booker apologizes to wall street bankers for the mean things he's going to have to say about them
senior center restocks on rum raisin ice cream
america, china trying to spice up trade relationship by bringing third country into negotiations
i don't feel like helping her anymore, because even if i give her money, she'd probably buy something and then destroy it soon after.
i wasn't going to back down and maybe that in itself is enough to some people to warrant being an asshole.
obviously i know she wanted me to come for emotional support/help kill time/second opinion and what not...
me and her are pretty close, we talk a lot in the lessons we share together, but we aren't exactly the type of friends who are close enough to share our deepest secrets.
senate votes to add gratuity to all bills of eight provisions or more
the next day, i text her again addressing this saying that if her only concern is that if things go bad between us then next semester will be awkward, or if she just only views me as a friend - which i could accept.
teen anxious for cigarette addiction to kick in
update: 'the onion' is immediately suspending production on our basketball infographic video directed by brett ratner
so the background is that me and my ex were together for 3 years, we have a child together, and overall i think he’s a good guy, he’s intelligent and stable so a month ago we moved out for the very first time to a big city in an apartment.
fbi agent still tasked with following noam chomsky around prepares for another day in local panera
i felt like i had to beg him to apply for jobs, and even though i was still working to maintain us, i would still have to come home and usually be the one to cook dinner or clean.
she didn't even let me reply.
a eventually saw that c was being manipulative, ended their friendship, and continued to be friends with me.
aita for how i handled the situation?
susan g. komen president achieves total breast cancer awareness during 3-day ayahuasca retreat
wibta if i came to work sick on mobile, so excuse the format.
report: kanye west, bill gates, tom hanks all currently reading, enjoying this article
so, my boyfriend really wanted a new tv.
clif bar introduces new savory clif loaf
2nd 3rd 4th 5th edit( i should stop): okay, i get it.
i have changed my driving habits significantly since then.
am i just delusional to think this is just shitty of them or am i the asshole.
well, back there it seemed obvious that i was the asshole in the situation.
he told me to leave and not to come back.
aita for speeding up to their car to where they panic and start looking at me like “what the hell are you doing!?”
satan to revise bar code system
why should i purchase these items and encourage his behavior which might be adding to his depression?
i understand that mental condition is not an excuse, however now that i’m medicated and stable i can say that back then it was truly hard for me to control myself at times.
aliens mourn as final cheers episode reaches alpha centauri
aita for almost killing my friends that's dramatic.
obviously we would not have asked him to sleep on the streets or get a hotel or something.
the six people who had been heavily implied to be the new a team decided that they would not turn up because they were busy trying out this new person who'd play my role.
the cops actually never even asked me what i saw and of course the other guy denied everything and actually looked like he was about to break out in tears and said that he was a retired school counselor and would never even imagine to say such words.
i tend avoid those because they all seem to agree with each others and i personally don't think fighting over politics at work to be a good idea.
i also don’t usually go out on the weekends because my parents are working.
he says the only way for me to understand what i did is to pay back the credits i failed.
the waiting area of the hospital has about ten seats- the only one available was next to me.
soaring gas prices forcing more americans to drink less gas
a bit of backstory i’ve always loved natural disasters.
we get into huge arguments over this.
5 months of college research outweighed by weekend visiting friend at penn state
there are many reasons for this and i guess the real question is, aita for not doing it now and waiting till then.
last semester, i had this "friend" whom i hung out at university with from time to time.
he texted me some more but i just didn't answer and blocked his number in the end.
formerly obese man always showing everyone his old pants
we all know it's a joke and therefore take it that way.
again i felt like she didnt want to be around me.
aita for not thinking poop is funny wall-o-text here.
diet candy's aftertaste experienced 12 years later
i have a dozen of planted freshwater aquaria in my place, some of them over 200 gallons of water, and most of them being in my basement which is where my bedroom also is.
okay, so i (26m) have known my coworker (36) for i wanna say a year and a half.
kate middleton feels royal baby kicking during queen's coronation anniversary
my goal of posting is to determine aita for being upset about a purchase of an expensive item for a coworker he has known for approx.
george clooney beginning to think he should buy his own tuxedo
some of those measures including the phone call recording app, a location tracking app and the ability to review his banking transactions to see if there was anything else amiss.
i was grateful that i did have them as a child though so i decided to drop it.
even though it'd be four times as expensive for him, and our daughter has to go to school.
again definitely an asshole again, but my wife spent about a month deciding if she wanted to stay with me anymore.
neglected google home sits by window barking at passersby
i wanted to know what she thought of me, honestly, like not the part she would say to my face but how she really felt.
panicked biden interrupts state of the union to ask if erections can ever be medical emergency
i'm not unrealistic about my looks, i know i'm not a supermodel.
area dad spends super bowl looking regretfully at son who wasn't allowed to play football
i don't want to give both them a ride because it would be pretty awkward to have to talk to them both.
&#x200b; today (tuesday, the day before our intended buy date), he called us wanting to know if there was some other car we might be interested in.
i even faked having a uti and faked having doctors instructions that i needed to urinate immediately after sex in order to facilitate my ruse.
the guy left the store at about 6:40pm.
report: more companies offering paid maternity leave to mothers who complete 3 months of work ahead of time
but having already decided to break up with her i didn’t want to lean on her to much during this because she was also busy with work and such.
but i feel like a healthier thing to do would be to make some distance between us.
she rests her chin on my thighs and stuff life that.
crocodile hunter the same way in bed
michael dukakis still drives old tank everywhere
my partner and i were cuddling between rounds when i got a call from my wife.
she is a a great girl and we've been friends for about 2 years now.
different semi-throwaway account for the sake of not unleashing a comment war with other people in the discord server, though it's not unlikely they will find it.
i commute daily through one of the busy train stations in the united states, penn.
we have been living together for 2 years now and for the most part he kept to himself with his girlfriend.
sure, he doesn't exactly fit her standards (because her standards are impossible: 6 foot, extremely attractive, no mental/physical health conditions or family history thereof, studying advanced degree/good student, does household chores), but all things considered he's pretty close.
so things go on like this, they communicate everyday and but never see each other since he's in chicago.
enthusiasm of 18-year-old first-time voter completely unbearable
later during the day, one of the two, who is a very religious jewish man, texted me the following: him: "hey, can you tell me {my famaly member's} full name so i can pray for him?" me: "please don't :)" me: "but i appreciate the sentiment" him "you're welcome" to give context, i'm an atheist, and i am very much against these kinds of things (and so is the mentioned family member tbh) .
after that next time, i'll be in houston will be late march/ early april.
and they banned me from going over there to see my boyfriend because “pregnant people make them uncomfortable” and they called me toxic.
however, i also figured that what i do is my own business, and if i always keep it locked up when it's at home (i do), and neither of us has children over ever, it would never affect her in any way.
about an hour ago i had a full blown argument with my girlfriend regarding pride and other lgbt community events.
i’ve already told my daughter no and she’s throwing a fit, ignoring me, the whole nine yards.
kid diving into pile of leaves has no idea there homeless guy jerking off in there
my ex girlfriend and i dated for about a month and everything seemed to be going very well.
in one instance i stayed up half the night trying to help a teammate who was psychotic while he threatened to kill me.
backup plan in case menu item out of stock most well-thought-out part of man's life
a mutual friend named ellie was like, well that’s just how mike is.
i was under the impression that the quarter was extended until today.
food network production assistants prep guy fieri with dry rub
study: average person's enjoyment of vacation drops 36% for each additional family member present
my mum was cool with it.
people saying things like "you obviously only hire desperate people" when we hire college grads who start off making amazing salaries and get 30 applicants per position.
mentally ill man not in mood to gun down strangers, but glad to know that option there if needed
however, as i woke up this morning i tried to call her to talk it out and she just snapped at me for not telling her that i felt unwell and accusing me of not trusting that she would understand.
dnc unveils clinton institute for campaign ethics reform in response to corruption allegations
the first time my partner got time off work to visit was over christmas.
aita for letting my dog pee on an outdoor plant pot?
i still had faith that things could go somewhere, or that i could make things up somehow and that i owed her something because i felt guilty and belittled.
all his friends cut him off to avoid being associated with the drama, and eventually someone forwarded the school staff the pictures/reports about d.
wealthy father nervously waits for response after sending donations to son's top college choices
second hour in fabric store nearly kills eight-year-old
aaa member pulled first from car crash
report: one in three americans will get dessert if someone else does
i love them both dearly like any older brother and care a lot for them.
it was 9:35 am and i sadly went into asshole mode.
she put her entire pay from this job into payments for that car.
she wanted to smoke a cig with me and i could tell she wanted me because the whole time was touching me and flirting (she claims she was just holding on to me for balance as she was unable to stand on her own and she was not flirting but being friendly like she would with anyone else).
i know why i'm angry at them, but i don't have a clue why they're angry at me, and honestly i suspect that is mutual.
consumer entering that awkward age between target demographics
aita for having a crush on my coworker?
we have this mutual ‘friend’ who doesn’t live near us however he’s a little older than us by about 3 years and has a job and doesn’t live so far that he can’t drive up.
humane society worker secretly glad to see nippy dachshund put down
dvd tries to pass off 'language options,' 'scene selection' as special features
trump teeters on white house ledge weighing pros and cons of killing self right now to distract from mccain's funeral
much-criticized media vows to return to softball tactics
they love to play..they are both extremely energetic and have spent 3+ hours nibbling and chasing each other before.
gay marriage passes in 9 states after area homosexual dunks on regulation rim
and tbh i can understand where they are coming from, and there is not much i can do about it.
i just kept postponing it and it never got done.
i remember reading about a gorilla at rotterdam zoo once who would become upset if humans looked it in the eye, which inspired me for the next solution.
the earth is fucked anyway and things truly don't get recycled", for example.
him and his partner went through a rough patch, she cheated on him, tells him she had unsafe sex with another guy and i was there for him during the whole thing looking after him making sure he didn’t do anything stupid.
insufferable man utters words 'craft beer movement'
abby sunderland - concocted history's most extreme plan to get out of a summer job
that being said, since we've moved in together i have admittedly gained 25) pounds (which i have been openly aware of and have already lost 3 of the 25) which has caused my desire for sex to wane because i feel gross.
note, i am renting a small room--there's no space anywhere else in the house for me to put my things, and i have a a whole house worth full of things because i was living in a house for 2 years.
i just don’t wanna go too.
he texted me reminding me to clean the cage, which i really didn’t wanna do without him there.
rapidly expanding at&t merges with entirety of existence
i do not tell ruslana this as i know she’d lose her shit.
i understand i should have told him, and i apologized, but considering i have known the guy for 4 years and was put in his bed unwillingly, am i at fault?
both said they thought i should go for it and they wouldn't blame me.
this all pissed her off so she tried to walk five miles home with a leg injury she sustained from idfk.
but i also sometimes wish i never met her, because shes married with a daughter.
bush to lovely chilean ambassador:'i must paint you'
sleepover guests can only wonder what mysterious delights lie tucked inside off-limits room
so, i got up and slapped him.
so now my grandma has basically become the mother figure i always wish i had lol.
after getting back from dropping him off, i told my wife about my son wanting to take the piano home.
all in all the total cost of gas was about $120 both ways.
she texts me again, in barely like a week, asking if we could be friends and how i’m feeling.
he eventually found out when talking to his ex mother in law.
he grabs her and tries to hide her.
my roommate miranda didn't really respect my space but i put up with it.
romney, ryan sneak into dnc while posing as caterers
this thing was expected to last a while, which is part of the irony of the situation when last year, a storm came in and pretty much destroyed our entire backyard- the greenhouse included.
i run under the school of thought that trust is a decision and it also requires the occasional necessary maintenance to continue to prove that youre trustworthy.
is the guy right or rude to confront me?
i just stopped responding to him and cranked my system to drown our his barking.
stupid magazine ranks some stupid crap
nation demands more movies where guy reveals he was wearing bulletproof vest
paul mccartney's mix-cd for new girlfriend a little self-indulgent
if someone wants to go on social media and rage at their boss or place of work, i dont care.
area love knows only court-ordered bounds
i recently came back from a long trip, and my friends and coworkers set me up with a welcome back party.
snowstorm in chicago delays hundreds of morning murders
as i said before, they always go home for the weekend.
ice cube that man couldn't pry from tray lives to see another day
(ps: sorry for possible bad formatting and grammar, i am on mobile and english is not my first language)
nfl pregame ceremony honors retired 52-year-old cornerback as oldest living former player
newly unemployed woman enjoys equal pay for first time in career
bob iger offers rupert murdoch one night with mickey mouse in exchange for 21st century fox
i didn't want to forget it it just happened.
ruslana very reluctantly finally agrees and ruslana and i disconnect each other from all social media (unfollowed and unfriended on facebook, ig etc so ivanna doesn't see that w'ere following each other).
after that i went to parents house to see my mom.
i'll do it, but only as a last resort.
this might be a bit long, so i'm sorry in advance.
sooooo, aita for being mad that my husband let her go in her drunken state?
bus passenger suspects man in next seat might be having conversation with him
i do this all the time, to coworkers, to friends, and to family.
roommate never seems to leave apartment
that client, by process of elimination, is now mine and my commission for said account is going to be at least 20,000 dollars by the end of the year.
i know lisa wouldn’t be happy about this but it’s basically the same as porn so i didn’t think it was that bad.
there’s other details that i won’t get into, but suffice to say that, from my perspective, it looked like this guy was playing her for sex.
this is just who i am and how i chose to live.
i tested him by asking what music he was listening to, and lo and behold, he could hear me and answered.
the problem is that we live in canada and it gets pretty cold outside and he is an international student from a much warmer country.
he got mad and told me to stay out of his business.
that’s it, self explanatory, i am deathly afraid of planes and flying and being in the air.
i also wasn’t offended at people messing up stuff as they browsed, maybe it was a bit annoying if i was tired and at the end of my shift but i mean i was getting paid to just refold things and have the store merch in order.
i've lived here for the better part of the year and genuinely only ran into them maybe 3 times.
this little prank is older than, well, dirt.
i said i would try but i guess that wasn't good enough because he came down a third time.
corporation wants media company making branded entertainment to just have fun with it
kfc blames popeyes for releasing serial rapist from prison in new attack ad campaign
i got pissy and threw my hanukkah gifts in the yard like a child.
however, the new date is on a wednesday (originally a saturday) and they’re selling far below what i got them for.
so i took her out to a nice dinner tuesday night and got on one knee and proposed to her in a restaurant.
e's partner is also gone a lot but when they're together they fight a lot and they're really never even friendly to each other.
she said she didn't want to work in a bar and didn't want to work nights.
i don't have a bad history, i have never stolen or done anything wrong to them, and i'm not sure why they have this rule.
if someone shows up late, i will grill you on it.
i’m obviously aware that my life will not be a movie but i have always desired a relationship to have the same level of passion and excitement that you get to see in movies.
my mom continually lectures me on how people from different backgrounds just won't work out well together, using my recently-married cousin as an example.
praying mantis hesitantly agrees to try girlfriend's sexual fantasy of eating his head during intercourse
mind you, i don’t live in a major city and the turn lights are designated.
nobel prize in chemistry awarded to taft middle school teacher mr. ambler
worthless dog can't talk, drive, solve crimes
guessing people that are similar to her previous owners, like my old man.
i ask her who she gave it to.
&#x200b; i then privately confronted that guy and told him that i would leak his personal profile and also the identity of his crush if he ever talked about this again.
i feel like that would've happened by now though (it's been almost 6 months since he died).
but 1) as a college student i can't really afford the same teir of headphones compared to these speakers for dirt cheap.
i replied to him telling him that i have tried to talk to him, but have been shut down.
i said i could pay for myself.
that’s pretty bad but bare in mind she is so annoying and she put me through all her emotional roller coaster meltdowns.
his grandparents only live around the corner so it is not a long trip, but we end up going there and not leaving their hous until 4:30pm.
the next time i saw her she sat me down and very seriously explained why she thought what had happened was super inappropriate, she also brought up a bunch of stuff that i hadn’t noticed.
generally i don't have issues with people.
report: more elderly improving cognitive function by solving murders
tl;dr: am i the asshole for wanting pa to pay my allowance since i’m working for them and not pb?
so i tell her "seriously, you couldn't have asked?
in the first quarter of grades in my school, i had two pretty bad quiz grades, which brought my grade total to a 75.
then i went back to my room silently like always, and started thinking about awful things related to her and this memory showed up.
this may not suit this sub as it hasn't happened yet sorry if so.
nair introduces new incendiary oil for controlled burn of bikini zone
man looking for job that plays to his natural talent for half-assing things
most dogs are scared of my dog for how big he is, and this is literally the only dog friend he has so he gets a little crazy when he sees him.
i called her to try to find an alternate route.
poll finds hillary clinton candidate most americans want to have 8-ounce glass of tap water with
new audubon report finds 78% of female birds sexually harassed by stranger exposing colorful plumage
the 11 year old wasn't the cutest child because of that but she's pretty normal and is getting better, i think she'll be a very beautiful woman in the future.
area dad wants to watch new blu-ray of 'spring breakers' by himself
so his boyfriend facebook-added me a week or so ago, and i did a little creeping the other day.
so my thoughts are that i believe that parents should teach their kids to “have a little backbone” or ignore what others say and be happy within themselves.
my friend tries to bargain with me saying it wouldn't be a problem, but i still refused.
being someone who was cheated on, i decided to oblige.
is it made here or in italy?" "i'm not sure.
as we get in my grandma's house, she scolds me for not offering her chips even though she didn't want them, and then went on to tell me that i'm always taking things from my parents and giving nothing in return.
odorite introduces new three-tier urinal cake
cinnabon defends $800 million contract to manufacture pastries for saudi arabia
but when i am given a limit i feel obligated to make sure that is what i spend.
express-lane cashier confirms her nails are real
(for example, if somebody named james bond won the raffle, we would name it the bond conference room).
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: look at this conversation from the top, i was literally minding my own business, recruiting normally - this is the first time i've ever responded to harassment from "your" guild members, and not in any mean way two words, & your response to me is "it's your fault" am i wrong?
apparently i don't know what hanging out means because i thought that meant she just needed time.
my question is this: our neighbor 3 doors down left a vaguely threatening letter on our porch on christmas eve.
it's not a "hey guys you were a bit loud last night, mind keeping it down?" it's a warning that he'll phone the council on us.
but then i went on a week-long vacation and met someone else that i really liked, now this new girl, i didn't want to go out with her, and i didn't feel sexually attracted to her at all, she quickly became like a best friend to me, and we spent a lot of time together.
she has built up his self confidence to the point he has an incredible superiority complex that disallows for sustainable relationships.
fast-forward to now, she tells me she now is dating someone, and it so happens to be a boy i’m familiar with.
but anyways, g starts talking to me, she sends a long message about what i did.
zoologists thrilled after successfully getting pair of bengal tigers to 69 in captivity
report: average american feels comfortable in own skin for only 6% of day
i'm no saint and all, and i'm mostly writing this for my own validation...
and i won't hesitate to report you.
am i the asshole for ending it?
miranda then said that they tried to make it clear to me that they wanted me to take my things and that they found brand new appliances for way cheaper than i was selling it back to them for.
aita and do i need to just suck it the fuck up and "man up" or die trying?
i've slept over with b regularly over the past year.
he is now actively trying to get all of our friends to hate me and its been semi successful.
he left with only a few minutes to get his kids to school, and he saw all the snow and lost his shit on me.
i think i should leave her however she likes it.
so exactly one year in, his high school sweetheart shows up on the scene with a baby she claims is his.
i do nothing really and sometimes tease back.
aita for saying i don't respect drug dealers so in class we have some classes that end up with us doing nothing except talk, and we were having such a class recently, when we started talking about the gucci scarf someone was wearing.
edge of table victorious over toddler
similar to this, i’m sick of calling her by her name.
she said that my grandmother being in the hospital is what i get for not doing my homework.
some people are under the assumption that i was told "im praying for you" and i dismissed it.
my parents got involved and broke up the fight.
all of our friends have kids in preschool and going into elementary school already.
frocked podium boys shine in pre-state-of-the-union rituals
there’s going to be assholes all over and bullying is never really gonna come to an end.
man somehow thinks he doesn't have enough alone time
report: 1 in 5 air ducts contains person looking, listening in on you
vatican quickly performs damage control on pope's tolerant remarks
fire chief grants fireman 3-day extension on difficult fire
my cousins are 17m, 18f and 12m.
i told him that i simply don't want to go as i have a lot going on right now, which is mostly true.
there are no jealousy or infidelity issues.
god orders all followers to swallow cyanide capsules in preparation for voyage to alpha centauri
m knows r and n, but not to the point that i do * m is the only one from off the island * m does not know d, j, or a * many if these people are not my closest friends, but friends nonetheless.
man practices haircut request before heading to barber
i haven't told her about why talking with her is stressful, because i don't think she'd take that particularly well, but to be fair, from her point of view my dismissiveness doesn't seem to have a reason behind it.
i've begun feeling a little frustrated sometimes when we go weeks without doing anything, meanwhile i see everyone else our age having sex daily and doing all kinds of things.
so she told me that her negligently almost causing our daughter to lose or damage her eyesight is the same as me forgetting what the doctor said and risking a minor childhood injury with about 1 in 100000 chance of actually happening.
she asks her boss for the transfer and her boss takes a week to get back to her and tells her it isn't possible to transfer.
so what can you do with a jailbroken console?
>him: that is a different issue to approach entirely.
aita, needed a specific computer to work on my final, person didn't want to offer it up as they didn't want to move.
until we get to the end of the year, and they simply give up.
&#x200b; tldr: i didn't go to my aunt's wedding this weekend, even though she took care of infant me for five months.
i had plans with one of them for new year's, but she never texted me again about it until new year's eve.
after about one month of dating she broke up with me and told me she wasnt ready for a relationship, about a few days later she was dating a man who she had told me was just a friend while we were dating, i had convinced myself with her help (reasons why she broke up with me) that i just wasn't being a good enough boyfriend.
sources: barista not actually flirting with you
pro-sanders phillie phanatic places masking tape reading 'silenced' over honker
she speaks that crappy central american spanish.
now, the kicker is, i don't dislike patrick or hold anything against him, but he treated me poorly in the last couple months and especially weeks of the relationship.
with a visa, he likely would not be doing this sort of work at his older age.
ruslana is pretty liberal (i'n fairly conservative myself but im like whatever idgaf politics shouldn't influence your friendships.
she's pretty into it and she puts her arm around me.
we'd been joking around about a blackhead on my neice's nose for a few weeks (her mother started talking about it).
dad ended up killing said man and another accomplice of his when things go out of hand.
we’ll call everyone involved h, e, f and d.
&#x200b; it is a moral question for me because i see it with pros and cons in terms of ethics: pros: 1.
i'm just in shock and i'm wondering if i'm the asshole here, i know some people are going to tell me that this is pretty obvious either way, whether i am or am not not the asshole, but i'm just genuinely lost here.
trump invites supporter, bbc cameraman to finish altercation at white house
obama turns 50 despite republican opposition
that i have zero respect for customer service staff.
(it's gonna be relevant) wolf - the person i called out for being annoying.
one of my friends is an absolute dick to him.
she was so mortified by this, and i sat down with her, reminded of the day that my father died and the way that i broke down.
my internal reaction was "yeah that's how the game is played." to my surprise several other players agreed with him.
i just feel like i was a complete bitch but i want to believe that she was just overreacting.
my coworker was recently involved in a car crash.
i got space it's no big deal." &nbsp;&nbsp; while we were together in bed, i felt a bit awkward.
severe allergic reaction causes florida to swell up to twice normal size
sorry for the long post in advance, there is just a lot to cover here.
unstable couple playing with fire by organizing game night
justin trudeau unveils plan to meet healthcare needs of canada's aging prog rockers
the moment she left i completely blocked her on everythinng, and i just feel like shit, and that i've wasted so much fucking time on her, and don't want to talk to her anymore...
me and e have bonded a great deal for some time, our kids are best friends and we know each others situations perfectly.
sometimes ill send her innocent looking videos with jumpscares.
my wife is pissed because i've never told my dad no, which she thinks i should, because "what kind of man leaves his family behind?" she also thinks he should instead fly everybody out, never just me...
things really came to a head when she was gone on a friday night we were supposed to spend with some other people we knew.
\- she doesn't have to go all the way overseas to visit archaeological sites and museums, especially because her career focus is on the americas.
child soldier promoted to child private 1st class
man wondering if there might be some sort of website featuring footage of sexual acts one may view for purposes of self-gratification
and for some reason, i couldn't help but wonder why she never said anything like this when my father died.
got together again a few weeks later, and we were together for a few days.
the other tenants have already taken notice, don't seem to mind as i am always respectful and courteous of them/the house and always provide decent encounters and conversation.
he comes home and tells me he is just upset because i was upset earlier (i got mad because i am the only one who cleans) and when i try to say something he screans "i dont give a fuck" and leaves, slamming the door and breaking it (wont stay closed unless deadbolt is locked).
i could see 20+ people in the kitchen.
me: 17 (girl) brother: 25 gf: 20 i live with my older brother (unfortunately) and his girlfriend of 3 years she admitted it to me after saw her and him downstairs on the couch one night when i woke up in the middle of the night to go to the restroom.
classic movie 'avatar' updated for today's audiences
for other teachers and school staff, we made fun of they’re bald, called them terrible cops, and made fun of their personalities.
tl;dr was certain no one would ever need a government mandated handicapped space and used it.
new 'robocop' trailer reveals main character to be some sort of robotic policeman
she's in the mental health field, so apparently she needs to keep her work and personal life separate.
never had a problem aside from that, c is cool.
arne duncan spends visit to local elementary school looking at ufo books in library
executive on hot streak with 2 straight logical decisions
my boyfriend is out of town which leaves me with our roommate who i already don’t really care for which isn’t a big deal to me, but whenever my boyfriend isn’t around and it’s just her and i, i sense so much tension.
so earlier today i was in a hallway with her, just chatting about random things, when she brings up that she is really popular with one of the classes of students, students that just so happen to be 2 years younger than us.
i asked him where his screen protector was and he said he "didn't have one cause he never needed it" i thought this was stupid because screen protectors are in case you need them not something needed straight after you buy them.
book given as gift actually read
he made it clear that my dog wasn't allowed to come (friendly/clean 7kg miniature schnauzer).
we talk every day, both of us agreed to not be looking for a partner because we're happy just talking together.
military recruiter upset area man hasn't called him back
the week after my wife was discharged and at home with an easier time completing daily functions, i went back to work at \~75% capacity in the 1st week after discharge, and then back to full-time by the 2nd week after discharge.
this may be a long story because this has been going on for a year, but here goes.
so during dinner and everything i was stewing on this and i snapped at my dad a couple of times.
jesus-loving co-worker believes she's not alone at lunch table
side note, i usually do that, even though my job is actual manual labor, but i do it to be nice.
neighborhood has gotten a lot safer since mayor vanquished fire troll
>him: it's an arrangement that works for now.
so next week is my best friend's birthday and i decided to throw him a surprise party.
i think it's stupid and dangerous for your health, and she's obviously missing nutrients, but she refuses to see logic and reason.
right now is a very stressful time for both of us, as it is with most people our age and i she has told me many times that i am one of the things which keeps her from being overwhelmed with it all.
tldr: i refuse to teach my younger sister (age 7) considering she has a lot of resources and is choosing not to progress.
my bf has picked this friend’s drunk ass up in a goddamn hurricane, has been his designated driver even when he's not invited out, driven him home from hours away in the middle of the night.
i didn't want to hurt anybody, but was i still a jerk?
vacationer checks weather report for hometown
he does research with my supervisor, as well as teach courses on campus --- it's also really busy for post-docs.
he's gotten lots of emails from lots of school and quite a few have given him fee waivers, and one school has already offered him a full tuition scholarship and he hasn't even applied yet.
screaming, slamming doors, what have you.
but the thing is, there was so much more to it.
doctors no closer to cure for old-person smell
tearful tim kaine wandering around backstage at debate asking if anyone has seen his running mate
on the other hand, i'm highly invested in this relationship.
i didnt like the idea because of my anxiety.
then she started to be weird, sending me snapchats of the floor.
woman leaving meeting worried she came off as too competent
pristine shipment of fish product contaminated by filthy u.s. inspectors
i knew it was a tall order and was hoping for maybe portland (5 hour drive).
2018 the year it all going to fall into place, delusional sources report
my friend said that his wife spent all day in bed crying because no one reached out to her to say happy birthday.
it couldn't have gotten that serious.
**customer** yes, thank you **agent** i’ve issued a refund of $47.7 for your item.
&#x200b; thanks for reading this long-ass post.
so i sent him a scientific study that provided empirical research that changing up your study environment actually helps you retain information better, but he told me, “he’s not interested in other people’s opinions.” (even though this is academic research).
in addition, he drives 3+ hours round trip for work 5 days a week, so he's a bit burnt out from driving.
&#x200b; so, three years ago i started experiencing small but noticeable twinges on my male parts, mostly the nuts.
obama clinches 'joe cabernet sauvignon' vote
america's love affair with jim breuer to start any day now
feel free to attempt to change my view as well.
we try calling his name and his phone, but couldn't find him.
my mom had always taught me and my sibs to be healthy, but it was our experience with mg that reminded us what happens when we, in my mom's words, "eat yourself to death." pg was a much sadder case.
clearly, she disliked the idea if it included me.
i did one after school and planned to finish the other one during class.
tucker carlson challenges alexandria ocasio-cortez to a date
i went into the public restroom of the office building i was in, and there was a mother and a child (about four or five) washing their hands.
it was becoming more stress and headaches than fun.
i was like on cloud nine.
clinton goes on fun plane ride
aita for dropping a dog off on the side of the road.
the thing is, i feel differently now.
however, this, specifically, is something that she might not have as much experience in, which i do not blame her for.
ok so me and my fiance live in georgia but she is originally from wisconsin.
trey then sat down next to me and started playing with the dog too.
aita for smashing the car windows of a guy who keeps sending my girlfriend panties?
i promised it wouldn't do it again, and until just recently, i really hadn't.
it was really meant as a joke.
she will walk around the appartment naked for most of the time she is home.
91-year-old woman an expert at outliving
right side of fish tank where all the action at
aita for planning to go behind my brothers back to give my nephews santa gifts?
we both cried a lot when saying goodbye.
i’ve traditionally worked in high risk startups with high turn over so i need to find work every year or 2.
we were both into the same movies, and music.
many comments followed along, stating how people are rude and they have no business in knowing how their kids came to be.
so, once a year, our church invites all the men to go on a little road trip to see a basketball game.
so yeah, am i an asshole?
every bill reminds congressman of ex-wife
everyone but you attending some important meeting in other room
(i make more than my girlfriend even though that should not really matter in this dilemma) &#x200b; sorry english is not my first language
bigoted asshole makes the best barbecue
romney rolls sleeves all the way up over his head
she arrives at 11am and the food starts coming out after some greetings, lunch food, not the breakfast i was expecting.
son's birthday is also in december.
he called me us racist names then got belligerent when i called him a big lipped jigaboo.
gf explained that the tickets were at reasonable price only for a 7 day period and that getting a hotel in the city is super expensive (which is the case).
i didn't know how to react (she really didn't give me a chance to).
'game of thrones' fan rewatching past episodes to remind self of what characters' breasts look like
me: well, i'd picked them out just for me mom: i'll just buy you a new one to replace this one me: i'm not sure why you asked if you're just going to take one anyway (at this point she was angry, doing her typical huffing and stomping and slamming - she tends to do things forcefully when she's angry, so she forcefully put the yogurt back in the fridge) mom: fine.
i mean, bonus question: is she not requesting help?
aita for leaving a grown woman on a playground?
i just put the car in gear and hit her as hard as i could in 3 inches, which honestly did nothing to my car but tore hers up pretty good.
i got frustrated because he never let me know if that time would work and i had made new plans.
mike had flown out of the country for thanksgiving a week prior.
i was sitting in the middle of the table - it was split with interns on one side, and full timers on the other.
e.t. toys forced on uninterested children
now what i'm annoyed about is how i'll do all these chores daily and never get told thank you or anything for all these things as "it's expected".
and before all of this we were.
bp opens multi-floor, 1,000-pump flagship gas station in times square
study finds 60% of parents too busy with divorce to worry about football safety
historical archives: notice to the publik
but, now that that fear is gone, i don't just want to do exactly that, it's actually the most exciting aspect of the trip: exploring this new place on my ones and meeting new people, discovering myself, relearning how to make friends, challenging myself to be social, managing myself while being on my own, etc...
maybe he had been acting out because he was mourning?
aita for feeling like she shouldn't have taken the extra shift?
a bit of context: my gf's friend who i will call,, dia,, is really obese,normally i wouldn't mind it but she became my friend aswell and it's gotten to the point where it's life threating.
although i’m sure he didn’t harm anyone by taking the tip it’s unfair that everyone puts their tips in while he takes his.
man worried the 6th 'transformers' movie will just be stupid
since my house is well known as the usual gathering spot, i said i had no plans but figured people would show up and said she'd be more than welcome to join.
i was very interested in the position, but i thought i would not be comfortable with interviewing in suits (i wore suit couple of times in my life).
i had all this in mind when i planned the trip, its just a matter of waiting for it now.
bus and train come by every two hours and only in bigger cities who are like 20 min drive from us.
now my bestfriend has pretty much stopped talking to me and cancelled plans and shit, and the boyfriend has said he has gone around and told my friends and his that i am a disgusting perv and shit telling them i wanted to fuck his girl.
one day while checking the mail, neighbor walks out and across the street to talk to me.
after she told me all that, i gotta admit, i was pretty furious.
she has a divorce finalizing and she told her sister (this i understand) and her 2 friends (of 3 years or so) about it.
okay, i know the title makes me seem like a total asshole, but hear me out.
anthropomorphologists find earliest known evidence of banana walking upright
&#x200b; right now (literally right now) i'm trying to start a digitally published magazine for poetry, photography, and short fiction.
tide debuts new sour apple detergent pods
he made a bright-green mung bean cake.
let the hammer of judgement come down on me!
after going to my parents house for the weekend (im 18 and live with my boyfriend) my grandmother had come over.
publicist's single dream in life for nation to have wes bentley fever
i feel like he completely trivialized how important it is to me, but he's so insistent that i'm being unreasonable and petty that i decided to post here.
h saw them just now have to run to get out of the way and it made her very uncomfortable.
senior pretty checked out during entire final year
moviepass attempts to increase profitability by no longer mailing out free $500 a month to subscribers
woman nervous mom starting to use her as confidant
tom bosley named secretary of naps
i kind of feel like the creators made it about two gay people because they knew it would be marketable.
aita for lying to my s/o that i have pcos so i don't have to take contraceptives before i start this i should probably highlight for people that may not know that pcos is an ovarian disorder that reduces fertility because of an absence of regular periods.
i was going to visit him in the morning, hangout with my friend during the afternoon, then visit him again at night.
i understand he is out of the country and i try to be understanding.
so bit of backstory so people get the full picture, this happened when i was in college,( one of these people who would annoy me would be natalie, she liked to think she was better than everyone but she wasn't (at least not to me).
woman finds imperfect mate at outlet mall
aita for having sex with someone else so me and my ex have been on and off since august.
my gf and i are both in our mid-twenties, and we've been dating for almost two years.
dinner went well and she wanted to go back to my place and see my condo and one thing led to another and we ended up having sex, honestly it was amazing i've wanted to get with her for years and it finally happened.
&#x200b; the things that i said aren't her best quality is her nose (crooked to the left), small eyes, pimples and she had an accident when she was 5 where she unfortunately lost her thumb on her left hand.
so here is where he stories cross paths.
i excused myself before midnight and went to bed, it isn't proper for him to be in my room alone because my family are very traditional so he didn't follow me but he did text me a few times to ask why i went to bed and if everything was okay which i ignored and quickly fell asleep.
anyways after i make the joke for the third or fourth time, rodger tells me “you know you really hurts my feelings when you say shit like that, asshole.” aita here?
of course not, because that would absurd.
thanks everyone for giving me some perspectives other than my own to think about.
8th grader impregnated during trip to 'march for life' event
and i knew he would feel bad if i went without him.
did i deserve to go into anaphylactic shock because of it?
i mean that in the least egotistical way possible.
overhanging branches from both trees and hedges are another matter.
i did karate for 7 years so i know how to defend myself with my bare hands.
we’re usually fairly blunt with each other so one day i just asked if she could shave them.
i personally have never viewed porn and it is something i'm not comfortable with in a significant other.
sister: absolutley not, you and i talk about things she doesnt like.
ecstatic pope francis finally lands role as mary in st. peter's christmas pageant
i went to lunch then got home and she was at the grocery store.
shy ex-citigroup executive struggling to fit in with popular clique of ex–goldman sachs executives at white house
this is when our mother got in and called me a jerk, told me college had radicalized me and closed my eyes and how dare i come into my brothers home and critisize him.
t-shirt machine gun to change the face of promotional warfare
mta reveals they have no idea where voices speaking to everyone on subway coming from
however i'm not the strongest guy, nor was i stupid enough to fight them, so in a flash of rage i pulled one of their seats out from under them as they moved to sit down.
jj abrams announces meryl streep will take over role of chewbacca
i told her about my suicidal ideations and she said that she's been mentally ill since she was my age, but things have changed and i should get help earlier.
it was the flamingo in case you’re curious - and i do hope they lose business as a result.
i know they love and care about me, and they've supported me most of my childhood, but their behavior here broke a lot of the trust i had in them.
sex life embellished during doctor visit
israel passes law cementing itself as exclusive nation-state of benjamin netanyahu
i ruined a lot of people's week, facilitated a lot of major discipline, one guy's high school and another guys life.
i've never been one to really give gifts out during christmas, especially not to indirect family/friends.
i told her my concerns, and she said that this was important enough to her that she wants me to consider moving.
that was rude--does she take precedence over me?
b, even though she's an adult, acts very immaturely with her stepsister and always has, ever since we got married.
i thought he was way out of his limits.
tv producers running out of types of people to have dance with each other
many years later, i returned to korea for university, and a couple of weeks ago, she sent my parents a wedding invitation.
i'm trying not to cross any lines, but i do think we're getting closer slowly, as time passes.
u.s. government opens special 5,000-acre area where americans can go blow off steam
i have made plans for the evening ( nothing big no other man !)* *although i can also be spontaneous!
&#x200b; both me and the guy are in first year university right now.
coy 'dexter' producers hint at 'huge plot holes' in season finale
my girlfriend slept over for the first time last night and she asked if i could turn off all the filters because they were preventing her from sleeping.
simply because he was drunk and hood.
freudian physical therapist convinced dream actually about knee
i try not to talk to her, but when i do she asks me to talk to her.
do you want me to screen shot the conversations and send them to you?chill the fuck out.
freshman bares her soul to entire dorm floor in first week
now i'm wrapping just about everyone's gifts to him (from his bday too) and i can't bring myself to wrap a gift he already was told.
but i still needed a gift for my sister and this would serve as a gift for her entire family too so i shipped it to her.
a few hours later a rando we'd all played with before sends me a message and tells me to check out the noodle gimp's stream.
she's seen me through a lot of shit and, while we're fundamentally pretty different (i'm more of an artsy, dreamer, neurotic type), she's seriously the best friend i could ask for and i don't want to be a selfish asshole to her.
but i sometimes overthink things and i'm curious to see what other people think edit 2: i have determined...i am the asshole.
local senior brutally folded in craftmatic adjustable bed accident
she confided in me that d had also been begging her to date him, sending her explicit messages about what he would "do to her", and messaging her dick pics even after she asked him to stop.
whenever sensory overload occurs i tend to react extremely irrational.
&#x200b; &#x200b; i am recruiting in chat when member(s) from the other guild say "guild a is shit now", etc etc.
by this point, \*he\* could've cut to the middle lane safely too.
i asked her to just try for a bit, since it will be cheaper and healthier if it works, but she refused.
am i being selfish by expecting them to either pay for themselves or find us an alternative?
woman who doesn't use facebook completely out of touch with friends' prejudices
also warning: this post is super long.
midway through dinner i realize the severity of how drunk she is (being super loud, not being able to walk straight, wanting to pee all the time) she went from zero to sloppy drunk.
i knew it was a joke and i was fine with that.
touching it gives me chills and induces a light puking sensation.
2) my wife feels that i don't want to spend as much time at the nicu as she does with our daughter, and puts pressure/guilt on me for this.
so tonight my dad walked in and wanted to know my grades.
i wrote to him that i was the reason for the breakup and that we dated and she wanted to come back to him because it didn't work out well with me.
for example: i have lied to people about being in accidents.
grieving couple finds different ways to use stroller
today i decided to tell her that i was going to be able to visit her during one of the weekends i have off, and this text convo ensued: me: i think i am coming up on the 22nd of february, and leaving that sunday afternoon gf: really!
this actually happened on tuesday as well but to the left front.
"yeah, i don't really like childish people, and i think the music teacher hates you for what you did last year".
she took personal offense to me mentioned i wish she had messaged me to let me know.
cameraman finds sole black person in studio audience
but then she'd open her mouth again, and you couldn't hardly listen to it.
she's expressed excitement to come (admittedly, i've talked it up a whole heck of a lot).
i even had a doctor appointment for experiencing weird health symptoms which the doctor suggested was a physical manifestation of psychological stress.
chase ceo giving commencement speech pledges to double whole class's student loan debt
i can't say enough how much i wish i bit my tongue in the moment and spent more time considering all sides...and am hopefully only a minorly shitty person.
on top of this was the fact that i had all ready proffered her an apology early in the conversation as a show of peace and that she had now just tried to solicit another 5 euro from me making the total restitution for the alleged crime 10 euro.
i have known about it the whole time (he likes to brag).
p.s this company that i quit is very well staffed and caters to millionaires.
one day he has this heart-to-heart with me and it results in us breaking up amicably.
c tries to take k's paperwork from me to take to him.
for starters, i don't believe i am an offensive person by any means.
flag in front of post office can hardly remember a time it wasn't flying half-staff
report: majority of pay phone conversations begin, end in tears
**edit2** to add: i forgot to mention that there was no expense for our wedding party to be in our wedding.
dad suggests arriving at airport 14 hours early
gf and i had plans to make dinner together.
genetically modified broccoli shrieks benefits at shopper
i live on the 4th floor in an apartment.
mike's daughter has really tried hard to bond with me.
i asked him if the day/time worked out.
man nods his way to the top
beyoncé begins painful surgical transformation to prepare for role in live-action 'lion king' remake
nation's deans meet to discuss problem of college girls going wild
i know he's a toxic person but he has been one of my best friends for more than a decade, we've always been there for each other and even if he's a dickhead with his girlfriends he's a good friend to us.
suicide hotline operator talking to ex-boyfriend again
:) also sorry for long title lmao first, let’s start with information on my personality.
5-year-old at underfunded kindergarten enjoying last few weeks before achievement gap kicks in
special ops veteran slips back into family undetected
look, i know that i should be grateful that our relationship is going well and that she loves me, and that i should be happy that i received a gift in the first place, but i cannot help but feel extremely disappointed at her lack of effort, in spite of how much she told me that she wanted to get better at picking gifts, and despite knowing me this well.
but, what i'm hating is that he is not believing me.
bill watterson writes, illustrates, shreds new 'calvin and hobbes' strip each morning out of spite
i realized that i basically had far stronger feelings for s then i did for f.
moderators give marco rubio 90 seconds to deliver closing statement of campaign
report: massive hypocrisy just flat-out gets the job done
i sometimes scare my gf for fun and to be closer.
then i let her go and i put on my swim cap and jump in the water and do my swim (was not a good swim btw) then go to the warm down lane and warm down, i get out of the water and my coach says, "katy said you strangled her, your done" i leave the last meet of the season in shame because i let my anger get the best of me.
cosby lawyer asks why accusers didn't come forward to be smeared by legal team years ago
bush campaign paints kerry as pre-raphaelite contessa
he refused and didn't even want the pizza anymore.
millions of policy proposals spill into sea as brookings institution think tanker runs aground off crimea coast
tl;dr: i want to ignore an old lady when she comes to the door long before the party starts so that she gets the message that she's not welcome that early.
he constantly makes disruptive, loud noises and harasses strangers.
aita for not feeling obligated to pay a full months rent when i'm not staying the full month?
and to be honest i dont sleep with other girls without one of them being there.
eventually she fully unzips and tentatively but softly grasps my member from the outside of my underwear, then slowly (i guess because i haven't protested) seems like she's going to reach inside.
seeing she had read my message, i first tried calling her.
in hindsight, i should have set an alarm for when she finished just to make sure, but i really didn't think she'd need me, we were both so sure that she'd be able to stay with our friend.
voter anger palpable at intentionally anger-stoking rally
i love my dog, he’s cool and all at times, but pretty territorial.
i am currently a freshman in university and have been having a pretty bad time here.
i am not one for being physically intimate, so sex was off the table for now and any other form of physical contact is at a minimum.
aita for being doubtful that someone accidentally sent porn to a discord server context: person sent porn to a server that doesn’t allow nsfw stuff, i alerted the mods and got it deleted, then they messaged me, [link to the conversation]( i’m the dude with green name.
she didn’t say anything else and went to her room.
ugly custody battle over ian mckellen narrowly avoided
i said that i was sure she was nice and it wasn’t about her it was just i’ve heard bad things about that neighbourhood and i’m not comfortable with her going.
every one of man's priorities unrecognizable to grandfather
cloned cheney lacks charm of original
when i lived with my mother i had a history of sleeping in during the day and going out at night.
she apparently said something like "so i can't play ever again." she has removed herself from all of the group chats and from what i hear she is still very upset more than a week later.
old lady at parade flapping little american flag like a motherfucker
because i've been feeling the gm itch, i offered to run a game of a tabletop game called "mouse guard", where the players play as sentient (but still tiny) mice trying to survive in a cruel, hostile world, under the stipulation that he gathers the players.
elon musk gives saudi investors presentation on new autonomous beheading machine for adulterers
for a few weeks, we honor his request, however eventually we end up smoking on the couches.
he finally shows up and i take the food, say thanks and signed for the bill.
aita for being kicked out of hometown buffet’s (ryan’s?) a little backstory: i visit this location every friday night with my family and we all eat.
polar bear cub just knows he's going to be last of species
it's one big room with a small kitchen and small bathroom.
as you can imagine i felt shit about myself trying to convince him to give me the (sexual) freedom i so craved.
his dad and i are divorced and live in different states.
restaurant hostess loses job to 'please seat yourself' sign
i've tried to defend the point of the post there and most seem to focus on the 'bathroom pic' aspect of it and keep calling me an asshole.
west bank rioting shatters 45 minutes of middle east peace
i don't know what to think.
a group of friends and me got together to have some fun.
please don't force your meaningless values on me, how would you feel if i kept inviting you to atheism meetings?" then he blocked me before i could answer his question.
one day my sister and her husband have a pre-planned trip to a different regional big city.
recently i bought a new computer desk for myself.
novelty welcome mat lets party guests know they're in for some fun
routine drunk-driving trip turns tragic for five local teens
he nearly broke my 3ds too.
i let our course leader know who informed me that if they don't contribute anything, they will fail.
so i know this is going to sound like a shp, and i know many are going to call it that anyway, but this is really my life.
tables fine but theres a dent in my drywall.
government shutdown forces national zoo to turn off panda suicide cam
this isnt respecting my boundaries and its something i dont think i can handle, given my anxiety.
is liking and unliking an instagram photo as a joke a real dick move that i should never do to anyone?
and if i see a bunch of knuckleheads from the back have tried to snake their way up, i can get pretty pushy.
i see me as an asshole.
we’re not derelicts, as she so often treats us.
doctors reveal dick cheney burning through at least 3 hearts each week
unfortunately i got hit against my head by the table legs at the back.
i have a dab pen that i’m currently using in their bathroom, feeling kinda guilty wondering if y’all think i’m the asshole?
without thinking i just yelled "what do you want me to end up in a dead end job like you!" i immediatly regreted saying that and my mom just stopped and went to her room.
parody movie script one crotch-hitting joke short of being greenlit
well the film starts so i shut up and watch the film.
the bill is due on the 9th.
it said it had a cream sauce vs ricotta cheese.
furloughed bison pour back into national parks after government reopens
just figured i'd save some typing for those who would ask.
looking into her eyes i could see the pain she was feeling and i couldn't do anything to help in that moment.
was i wrong in proceeding consistent with the crossing guard or should i have assumed that the lady walking dogs doesn't need to follow the crossing guard and was going to walk out in front of me?
since i was obviously drunk, a friend of mine dropped me back home, nearly missing the last metro.
that’s how i think and i’m starting to think i should feel bad about it.
a lot of people tuned in live.
friend's mom tearing it up on facebook
taylor swift inspires 200 million fans to register to vote in tennessee
writer unwilling to admit his screenplay perfect fit for justin long
aita for wanting to bail on my grandpa’s 98th birthday lunch because i have morning sickness?
he will act like an asshole, and we all give him shit equally for that.
i go back to my room and don't talk to him for the rest of the day.
for continuing to date my boyfriend, at the risk of my parents tearing us apart?
americans demand their voices be heard and also some kind of dessert you get after breakfast
every morning there is this man who is sleeping in the same seat.
i’ll spend some time cleaning up the toys or do home work till about midnight.
i very recently got a job and i absolutely hate it.
bernie sanders asks anyone who's serious about breaking up big banks to meet him on corner of canal and bowery at midnight
i really hadn't planned for that happening that quickly.
he never apologized or put some light on the topic.
aita for not troubling myself to refold clothes that i’m browsing through at a clothing store?
every time someone near me lights a smoke, i tend to make excessive nonverbal cues of my judgements on second hand smoke, such as grunting, face scrunching, or walking away asap.
and out of frustration i finish with, "and if you don't like the speed in which i am doing you a favor you can fuck off and do it yourself, i'm done." this exploded into a bigger fight which concluded with her saying, "fine, we will just never do anything for each other again.
weird wooden chair pressed into service for thanksgiving
mars lander staggers into nasa headquarters drunk, broke
i then spent another $25 to uber home.
i decide to burgle myself some dinner before i go to sleep for work the next day.
we are not from us so proposals are not really done, however engagement rings are a thing.
aita for being annoyed my gf warned me she will be sad on the anniversary of her brothers death?
so we're pretty broke and stretched really thin to make it until then.
photograph of little girl being absorbed into michelle obama portrait goes viral
i don’t want lives lost or children abused when i could’ve done something to stop it.
one year went by, and obviously dick started cheating on jane with another girl.
boehner hoping to remain leader of republican parties
she then went back to the screen to tell the kids that if it ever happened again then they would be told to leave with not refunds.
aita not respecting my parents religion i got into an argument with my mom of the existing of god.
the next day i made her take a plan b against her will.
not exactly safe for work, shocking and for the most part, not exactly what you want to watch on your average day.
its very hard to maintain an erection without thinking of either rape, or (rarely) violence.
real-life stranger on a train less interesting than hitchcock version
i try to help and suddenly i'm responsible for fixing your problem?
however, on halloween last year we decided to be more lenient and let him go as a unicorn, which was a somewhat feminine costume, but not quite drag either.
she says that dark humor jokes are malicious and discriminatory, and i repeatedly disagreed.
she very rarely gets horny, but it happens, it used to happen a lot more at the start of the relationahip though.
he hadn’t replied to any of my messages and i was really frustrated with him.
the dude in question was a business associate of my girlfriend’s, the businesses being the distribution of mathematics study aids and roofing materials.
i come home and find out that jane moved into my room and i find out my brother has a girlfriend, cause nobody told me anything while i was at basic.
tucker carlson spends entire show screaming over child bride he invited on to debate him
rangers disgusted by prince fielder leaving chewed-up bats all over dugout
poor attendance at intervention a real wake-up call
in my opinion she's not looking out for herself on cost of her mental health and i'm really worried about her...
i say that i'm going to nanjing with my cowoker but you're more than welcome to join us.
i finally "snap" as i am so pissed off now that i totally don't remember what happened during the end of film.
i check to see who’s in this one, because who wouldn’t, and who do i see but m.
he asked if i wanted to hang out during our shift, i declined.
for the record, i didn’t see her waiting outside the building when i left.
alone” i thought she was kind of crazy; especially after we hung out and she and her wife allowed their 3 year old son to repeatedly hit me (hard) and expect me to babysit - so i just left her be and distanced myself.
we avoided their shared one last yr bc we are foodies and wanted it done right...
he calls me sometimes to invite me places.
edit²: confused after and before lol
so, currently, i (a male, 25 years old) live with my younger brother, mother and grandmother in a 4 bedroom house.
cnn anchors speechless after guest goes on long, coherent thought
nursing home patient glad she's going home tomorrow every day
dh is really butt hurt over ss's decision to stay with b and wants nothing to do with her.
area man boasts 33 percent more self-absorbency
aita for asking my wife to visit her obgyn after we have been having trouble conceiving?
we finally ended up eating alone in separate tables.
so me and a friend (former friend, for other reasons, this was several years ago) planned to go to a concert.
parents don't remember enough colors to help with kindergartner's homework
and if she doesn't want to what i am i suppose to do, besides just leave it?
$14.5 billion pledged to rebuild battleground states
&#x200b; the cough is horrible to hear, almost sounds like he's about to throw up at any time, even worse is that he does this from 1am to 3am, sometimes even 4 times in a day and i'm not joking when i say that he has been doing it everynight for years.
since i had an appointment in the city it would be fine.
his mother also lives here and he spends a lot of time with her.
of course, the first ones are a lot more common.
mentally unbalanced man still waiting for the right trump comment to incite him
i told her that the distance was too much for me.
jamie lynn spears loses custody of fetus
even now i don't know the half of what she did behind my back.
the nurse who was sitting down says “the kids just called us fat” i apologize again.
aita for believing people shouldn't use the elavator for only 1 floor.
she gave me a card asking if i wanted to be her gf.
he could have explained that it was magic and cured cancer but literally all i could think about was it's a sword.
billboard seems oddly proud sting will be playing at foxwoods casino
i don't know who else to ask.
months later, i followed and commented on his girlfriend's post to be shitty and he ended up verbally kicking my ass for it.
driving is terrible unless im in a larger pick up truck with cab space, which is very expensive.
apparently she left without talking to me or giving me my gift card back.
giuliani insists breaking the law not a crime
he asked for me to be his best man which i obviously agreed to.
i feel like i’ve given enough hints that i’m not that interested because i usually prioritize my pleasure, i don’t really invite her over during the day, and i’m not an affectionate person and she still doesn’t get it.
i don't think he's ready mentally to work on such a big case.
okay all, i've got something that's been on my mind for a while.
expert on international jewish conspiracy has never been more than 40 miles outside council bluffs, iowa
we ended up having sex shortly after my wife died and my son walked in on us.
my friend is a cool guy, known him for years.
had very proud, and judgmental gay bff (m29) who acted like a protective parent over her.
fantasy football star confident he can make leap to general manager of nfl team
i take the night to process everything that happened including everything she said and i still feel like she has feelings for me, and - although it's possible that i'm being delusional - i feel like her answer was a little open ended because she never said that she didn't have feelings for me.
jay-z gives shout-out to his shareholdaz
i had a place picked out and everything.
u.s. aid to venezuela just lit stick of dynamite painted to look like carrot
we live about an hour from each other and my work schedule won’t allow me to attend this party.
new study finds best way to determine if you are android still cutting open forearm to reveal circuitry within
i would prefer for it to be at 68 (both for comfort reasons and for cost reasons).
(a & b share one bathroom and c & d share a bathroom).
budget-conscious obamas strongly pushing malia toward udc community college
pat patriot denies being mascot #5 in prostitution sting police report
pence relaxes onstage by imagining entire debate audience burning in hell
she ended up calling me selfish and saying that i'm not the only one living in this house.
nesting sea turtle escorted from private beach
she met a group of her friends, and we all walked into the giant dome to wait for the concert to start.
&#x200b; if you wonder why i'm not a fan of it, you should see the type of girls that club here in the uk, and the usual "it was a drunken mistake"
i play innocent tryna come up with more chill cute things we could do, nothing truly boundary pushing.
probably a week or week and a half into talking to him over the app, i had a very realistic and intense rape dream involving him.
i tell all this to my fiance and even though she is happy with the money she says i should not celebrate others failures.
aita for not giving my sister a slice of my pizza?
a little about myself, no matter who i’m fucking (unless it’s myself), i really only cum 30-40% of the time.
put a blanket over my body and leave me in the middle of the room.
most of the people i deal with are pleasant people, but the other day i had a less than perfect experience.
i called him the next day but he was with family so we couldn't talk.
their mother was with them (mid 30s white lady) absorbed in her phone.
historians uncover evidence stonehenge once prominent druid make-out spot
it was not always this way though, my parents came from honest backgrounds contributing their paychecks to their respective utilities bills as teenagers each month.
'new york times' announces appointment of anonymous source as editor-in-chief
i agreed to do something and my mind was on the innocent shit like we could just hang out go on a mini bestfriend date to make her happy.
the dialogue went something like this: me: ,,you sell your worn shoes to a stranger?
defiant dallas police officer claims anyone could have mistaken black man's apartment for gun
study: boyfriends who aren't speaking are thinking about ending relationship 90% of time
aita for playing a prank on my friend for 6 weeks tl;dr at bottom back in high school, some friends and i went out to a party and one of my friends got outrageously drunk.
world shocked by possible link between olympics, big money
nicoderm introduces new nicotine eye patch
after a short discussion my friend who chose the cheap meal chose to pick the other friend's side and split the bill evenly between the three of us.
and now you're trolling me with emotes??
ella told me while planning for my stagette, victoria decided she wants thailand for her stagette!!
two years later he confronted me about it again because for the whole time in between he was silently obsessing about it and it got to be too much so i told him the truth.
my father comes in again and starts screaming at me to leave her alone and threatens to beat me up and then throws things at me (a regular occurrence since my childhood).
she said its not like their dating, but we both know he likes her, and hes most likely flirting with her.
jeremy calls me later and asks about what happened and i tell him, he thought it was pretty funny but just not to do it again and to try calling ahead when i needed another change so they could schedule better.
space shuttle endeavour: what's in it for me?
this happened about a month ago and we are still best friends but i want a second opinion.
one of the dishes was dog, and he knowingly tried it since he was "curious", and he said it tasted good.
political blogger mass suicide to be discovered in several weeks
i found out that they started up a tinder profile again without telling me, as well as had sex with someone within the past few weeks.
&#x200b; which brings me to the present: i know that my anger is something that is hurtful and stressful to my boyfriend and i want to fix it.
aita for being slightly put off by a girls 'enthusiasm' in sex, despite generally enjoying it?
biden working his way through scratch-off tickets during obama's swearing-in
i know this isn't normal for me, since with my ex we had sex very frequently and i always had a very strong desire and i knew i found her incredibly hot/attractive.
am i the asshole for angrily texting her about her actions?
i was so angry i threw my table against my wall when i got home.
i've never been good with social interaction.
complains that she may be pregnant every month.
he purposely starts needless political arguments that put the office on edge.
vegan unaware pineapple he's eating once used to beat cow to death
i even started inviting her to social events and everyone saw that my friend was the unreasonable one and was told about how controlling he was, and got to know her better.
reedsburg chamber of commerce:'come grow with us'
aita for being irritated with my roommate for banging his girlfriend while i worked from home?
god really dreading visit from older brother who made much more successful cosmos
proactive man removes own teeth in attempt to curb nail-biting habit
he swore up and down that he was through, that it was just a phase, etc.
and onyx was probably afraid i was going to hurt jack) and yelled pretty hard at onyx and that if arthur, jeff or onyx we're to puke i wouldnt mind giving them the couch to sleep on.
he wants to send her off to a mental hospital.
i also don’t purchase the labels directly through the shipping place because they are more expensive so to save more money i use sites such as pirateship or shippo
so, i am entirely against paying for the app.
if you’re hungry you eat!!” so i’m like....yeah ok i am probably not disrupting people?
she cooks when she feels like it and i clean the dishes if she doesn’t make too much of a mess - she gets inspired sometimes and that makes extra dishes that i don’t feel like i should be cleaning.
so yeah, am i the asshole in this?
they said they want to do freelance photography (which i agreed, you don’t need a degree for) or be an engineer.
aita for sleeping with another girl before getting back together with my girlfriend?
either way i am home before the boys even walk to school.
aita for making my gf carry her stuff and letting her clean her mess and making her pay for her own food?
area man glad his brother is giving mom grandkids
i’ve been beeped at and flipped off, even though they’re in the wrong and it’s my right if way.
i would prefer this to some sort of crazy mic speech at the wedding.
police chief says there just a few bad, deeply ingrained prejudices giving all cops a bad name
aita for not hiring a potential nanny for my baby after finding out he’s a man?
the dad looks mortified and doesn't say anything, just pulls his kid up and walks out of the theater.
my boyfriend and i love to travel together and i felt like my friends were either being silly or not telling the whole truth about why they didn't want him.
she ended up not wanting to handle everything anymore, and that made me talk to her about suicide, which shook her a lot.
this may get long, i will try to summarize at the bottom.
girlfriend talks through whole goddamn commercial
after a couple classmates told me they thought he was attractive.
anyway, long story short, i slept with someone else.
but objectively, she isn't ugly at all.
at that point i was really upset, and the driver was willing to let me stay in the car for a few hundred feet so that i could get away from the crazy doctor repeatedly yelling my name.
parents honor beloved dead grandmother by naming baby 'gamgam'
area ceo likes to think of family as small, close-knit business
they were asking about if the owner of the car parked outside was home.
she seemed to show remorse or some kind of regret.
john boehner calls for national guard to deal with illegal immigrants hiding in mexico
new poll finds 80% of americans would just fucking destroy pan of brownies
treasury department honors women with first female currency
god admits he way less strict with last few billion children
&#x200b; when i got back home sunday evening mother in law was gone, she was ignoring me and not saying anything.
like manicures or going out with my friends, stuff like that.
i have trust issues with people because my last group of friends basically stabbed me in the back repeatedly without remorse, stole a gf from behind my back and then made it impossible to stay friends.
police horrified by grisly remains of taco bell meal
so i go in to a speedway to get five dollars in gas, a black & mild, and a slushie like i have at least once a week for the past five years.
she thinks people stopping her from occasionally indulging (like my parents and i) is why she has body image issues.
nasa celebrates 60th anniversary of launching first moon to orbit earth
it was relatively dry, so i took it out and hung it up.
recently i have realized that i could make more money freelancing, so with my previous employers blessing i have started working for other companies in different areas.
god humbled to be the answer to 'jeopardy!' clue
my mother's brother died from cancer a few years back.
i am the middle child of two sisters in which my younger sister is at age 20 and looks very asian.
i ended up declining and was then immediately asked why.
mtv promotes, airs, condemns controversial new video
priest regrets vow of celibacy after learning about furries
now, i’m just gona admit that i fucked up here and immediately realized this so i waved my hand at the driver and turn on emergency light and yelled sorry at him.
'one day this will all be yours,' says buzz aldrin while showing great-grandson around moon
hero financial officer saves 12 grand
backstory: yesterday my girlfriend was released from the hospital after being there for two days getting a kidney stone removed and recovering.
craig kilborn weds self in private ceremony
so towards the end of the game i texted her and asked her if she wanted to come over to my place and do stuff with me.
wife later tells me i'm an asshole for offering the car.
aita for mistakenly kicking a guy in the balls?
i reached over and quickly liked one of the photos as a joke and laughed, but quickly realized that she was definitely not laughing.
millions of human beings experiencing actual emotions about j.j. abrams directing 'star wars'
the way i see it if there is issues when you’re in the air you’re probably going to die if the plane crashes.
i wasn't upset that she was gonna celebrate it with her friends but i feel like she lied to me when i first asked and that she's lying now.
experts caution new car loses 90% of value as soon as you drive it off cliff
it's either really cool or really creepy, depending on the day.) that's not it, either.
furthermore, he mentioned that we had already received a complementary room upgrade (that i tipped $50 for) and that he wouldn’t be giving us any other compensation, and that was that.
my parents had some of their friends over today, and they brought their newborn with them.
lets just say in a certain pose.
law enforcement questions why alton sterling was even black in the first place
she's the only (pw) person i've pushed through this round because she got back to me before you did.
it wasn't said with ill intention at all, i was just giving my spontaneous commentary.
the only places we really go for date night is ramen - she can't figure out how to make the noodles, but she still tries so it's just a matter of time - and sushi.
(dinner + travel back home) 10 p.m.
new bomb capable of creating 1,500 new terrorists in single blast
new study confirms humans only use 10% of genitalia
mom tucks handwritten guide on how to use netflix into kitchen drawer
after a bit i talked about how it feels like the organization has a policy of “yell at a first, apologize later” for conflicts and that my needs were being put aside because my asd does not manifest as visibly as others in the program.
i mean, tbh, we kind of grew up together.
she told me she (she is also my ex girlfriend) has bought me things including my computer, that i have broken things of hers (i also have mania) and that i should basically accept the mattress being gone as repayment of those things.
i tried explaining and responding as well as i could.
she kept spending time with the guy who attacked me and because of my trust issues and because i recently had two other friends talk about me behind my back before i met her so obviously i would be suspicious.
report: it apparently time in conversation to smile, laugh
orca mother carries around dead calf for two weeks as warning to all who would defy her
jeremy piven outraged microsoft word doesn't recognize his name
i go outside to the rest of hem and say filmings cancelled because of her.
context: around new years my girlfriend told me that she wasn’t happy, and that the past few months she felt like we weren’t together anymore.
let me try and explain the situation.
netanyahu vows to clog the rivers with skulls of his enemies in last-minute push to win over undecided voters
security guard makes passing women feel unsafe
bin laden sends belated threat to israel for 60th birthday
but if it does i would work it out.
were not worried about this as the council will ask other neighbours and ask for proof before taking action.
they commit time and energy into being scouts, it's not just a costume to them.
like being used and not feeling like a friendship is real definitely count among them.
her: sorry, everyone voted and i believe in democracy.
area couple vows never to go dildo shopping while horny again
i decided to do her chores for the next two weeks rather than work with her.
but this last time he complained he was basically talking down to me.
edit...the post from frat crew is literally my son, and yes, i agree driving under or just at the posted speed limit is a drag for other drivers, so not talking about my wanting my husband to do that at all, i drive usually around 70 -75 mph as well.
he then goes on a buying spree where he buys just cause 3 and fifa 19, which i asked for as well.
i was about to but people around me said they wanted me to stay, i was one of the only people cheering on our team.
she gets mad and starts going off about how much money she’s spending on the wedding and i should be willing to pay something.
in history class the teacher asked "what would you do if the government took all your money?" and as a joke i said "i'd run away and join the natives to live off the land" and my friends started laughing and the teacher screamed "no!
detective refuses to pry into circumstances of murder out of respect for deceased
pet gerbil has been absolutely crushing it lately
dance-club bathroom left out of gay couple's meeting story
i explain the situation, she says that d did not ask her when he claimed he did.
wife always dragging husband into her marital problems
despondent jeff bezos realizes he'll have to work for 9 seconds to earn back money he lost in divorce
she is afraid that she will lose her kids if they get divorced.
i know this is a dick move, but i tell her that i can't stay with her if she has the baby because i am not ready at all, and i feel it's not my fault she didn't handle contraception properly.
great mosque of mecca hosts annual christmas tree lighting
shy man narrowly evades free sample
speak later although you are welcome to call via messenger to say hello.
he replies with the day/time/hotel he's staying at.
i figured it used to be someone's pet but they had abandoned it.
side salad clearly made from hamburger toppings
i think it's within my right to express how i feel.
aita for giving my girlfriend a photo album filled with pictures of her for our anniversary?
fast forward to a few weeks ago and we were both sick on a morning that we had to get our son to pre-school.
so, that night i had enough.
so it pisses me off if a girl who enjoys sleeping with and being with girls essentially doubts my manhood or masculinity by implying "yeah, you'd make a good partner for me." of course it's gonna piss me off and i wouldn't want to be with her, even if a lot of dainty men would jump at the offer.
30-million-year-old species worried it doesn't have another evolution in it
but i guess its movements must have triggered my cat because she went crazy and broke out of the carrier (which she has never done before and i didn’t even think it was possible).
'why can i never seem to say the right thing?' weeps trump into pillow
we've been together for two years and things are...
chubby jewish boy dreams of one day being next apatow muse
body language experts offer insight into meaning of marco rubio loudly sobbing throughout debate
i didn’t force her to, but i got mean and told her she couldn’t hold me hostage with a child.
my parents are always asking me to see the baby but my girlfriend will always kick up a fuss and making an excuse not to go.
he died the very next morning.
danny devito a lot taller, thinner in person
he talked with your mom and made plans for the whole thing, and nowhere in those plans was i mentioned or considered", her friend knows i'm her boyfriend and he didn't bother mentioning me either nor telling my gf if she wanted to invite me.
the worker then carried on like nothing happened and i remained silent for some seconds.
i did not require all my friends and family to get immunized to see my daughter.
i'm newer to reddit so idk most stuff)
with great suit comes great responsibility
so this is a complicated situation.
the thing is that in my attitude at the time everything she did seemed like it was aimed to spite me.
it was a reaction as if someone she knew died in one of the towers..
i’m on calls with my coworkers frequently, and most of them take place over skype, which picks up every sound.
s/o and i are extremely happy and excited, although a little insecure because we don’t have much money and we just aren’t as stable as people would like.
he agreed they’re a waste of money but nothing more (him needing to quit smoking is an argument for another day).
37-year-old makes absolutely heartbreaking last-ditch effort to get really into new band
aita for not wanting to be friends with someone anymore over a concert ticket this happened awhile ago and my friends think i'm petty for disowning him, but awhile back me and 3 friends were going to a concert to see an artist that we like.
she called me an asshole for violating her rule, she said i was immature for having the "stupid bass" anyways and her last text was "we're done!" before apparently blocking me.
one day, i pretty much layed it out and asked her if the incident at the party was bothering her and if there was anything i could do about it.
or is exposing my hentai books to my family on the same level as the xbox prank?
man insists facebook friend actually reads 'why palestinians are sub-human' article before commenting on it
once i found out what had happened i drove with my high berms on as to not get pulled over.
she insisted she would like to be friends.
when i eat these foods i usually get an itchy mouth while i'm eating them which goes away quickly once they leave my mouth.
moderator reminds vice presidential debate audience to remain silent when exiting early
but, he also would come over and poop on my lawn.
boss waxes nostalgic about sexual-harassment suit
&#x200b; &#x200b; edit 2: oh and i forgot something big.
right now, i'm asking them if it could be 4d3n instead but still i'm quite hesitant to go on the trip.
i also fronted him 20,000 dollars to get us both started in the original business.
9:55 comes around, and i have finished everything but the suitcase.
aita for being angry and disappointed about my girlfriend's gift for our anniversary?
two days before the semester i texted everyone another reminder.
breaking: daniel throwing his life away, you should call him, he dropped out of wharton—wharton, for god's sake
leading her to want to make something...
but i actually do have my doubts.
netflix instant thinking about adding good movie
i tried to tell my friends about the sword and they didn't seem to get my point either because their reactions ranged from "wow, that's kind of cool" to "amber, maybe your making a mountain out of a molehill." so the drive back was even worse and we barely spoke a word.
aita for not wanting to go on another date with them?
they said “why do you never wash your hair?” (which doesn’t seem like much but it has been adding up so i replied “why are you pretending to be a boy?” aita or was it justified
she of course was disappointed that i was irritated with her.
'diversity was the real winner last night,' report hundreds of dumbasses whose very existence insults the name of journalism
kerry volunteer gets some kerry-primary victory sex
often when i say something to him, or ask a question, he won’t respond or say anything even when we’re the only two people in the room.
none of these girls were ever under the illusion that this was anything more than a one night stand.
clinton's lower lip 'very concerned' about albanian crisis
waited a few more minutes and then left, so i took my arizonas and went home.
local man pushed well within limits of human endurance
i had a crush on him since basically freshman year but i knew he was dating this girl.
adding even more insult to injury, my daughter not only made him a cheesecake, but, on my birthday, called my sister to find out my favorite type of cake and made it without me knowing.
aita for not tipping when the waitress made me pay for an item she left off my bill i was at the pub and i ordered 2 pounds of wings and a 7up.
nation celebrates full week without deadly mass shooting
anyway i end up with this really cute nurse(pretty sure she was a resident though), and i’m head over heels, we’re talking twelve out a ten here, and we talked a bit and she was really cool and sweet.
i’m not sure why, but from the conversations we had, i came to the conclusion that she was a virgin and i brought that up and she told me that she had been a virgin, but wanted to have sex she just has a hard time meeting nice guys.
"that's fine" i thought to myself , i've seen examples of people being "just friends" and still having a very nice friendship so i wasn't too worried.
i'm going to talk to him tomorrow and hope that we can come to some sort of compromise.
i felt like i was on the verge of a mental break down at this point.
i am being critical of the company and the developers for their actions.
i won't be able to wear my own without thinking of this.
after i went back in, i began to worry that maybe he was just casing houses.
admittedly he and my sister do not get along but i thought they could bond over this gift?
in other words, it wasn't like garage as you see in new york or other major cities where they have to very carefully plan out where to park so that they can maximize space, without cars getting blocked in for the entire day.
32-year-old still not entirely sure where body stands with lactose
pants attempt to convey what owner can't
to be clear, this was not a striped crosswalk, just an intersection in a residential neighborhood where the sidewalk continues off the curb.
scientists probably discover a new species of frog
she stopped spending time with him as much once they got busy with school but she was still distant.
i decided then to take a break from visiting her, because i didn't want to resent her, and i didn't think she would want me to resent her.
man completes life $130,000 over budget
my partner's grandmother had a bad fall and is on her way out, they're just waiting for the inevitable.
we were really close, and both happy, as far as i could tell.
most of my floor hates me because i called a girl out on accusing me of touching her and trying to call campus security on me when i didn't even touch her, and she just ran into me.
i obviously get a bit worried, and i feel something in the pit of my stomach.
north korean military developing parade capable of traveling 5,000 miles
1998 powerball winner returns to food-service job
neurodegenerative diseases are nearly impossible to cure,especially if patient and their relatives are economically in medium or lower class.
she said that the girl was upset.
my so and i are both 20, and i live in a house with 3 other people who are 19-21.
and i don’t really like talking to her any more.
using phrases like “ this location is a bit inconvenient for me” and “ i hope you can make this work”.
family thought grandfather might enjoy watching worst little league game imaginable
nasa acquires moon for kennedy space center exhibit
man silently eating personal pan pizza alone in corner of airport unaware this will be best part of 7-day vacation
im not going to apologize for what i said, i dont think i have the need to apologize for calling someone a grammarnazi, specially in a joke context.
grin slowly spreads across mom's face as meal revealed to contain healthy ingredients
knowshon moreno asks broncos if there's anything else to drink besides gatorade
i simply texted my grandma saying "thank you for the bag i love it." and then i go on with my day.
following me at lunch, while he's following her around trying to fix things but having no idea how and maybe not even knowing what he did.
you complain about your student loans, but you decided to live above your means and pay anywhere from $20,000-$80,000 for a university?
aita quit talking to my good friend because i fell in love with her but she didn't feel the same i had a good friend i'd been friends with for a few years.
the reason for me wanting to ask my friends and family who are still friends with her to delete her now is because i'm getting married next month and i don't want photos my family/friends post from my wedding coming up on her feed.
children's hospital charity dependent on teri hatcher's knowledge of british parliament
i see my daughter twice a week and have been since she was little.
i was basically like i know dad isn't her real father.
starr taunts clinton with humiliating 'sittin' in a tree' song
i was a little disappointed because she often doesn't get off until 9:00 or so, but it had been a couple weeks since i'd seen her so i agreed and told her to let me know when she would be off.
tl;dr my ex who cheated on me 4-5 times wants to “hang out” constantly after saying she misses me “a lot”.
i said how can this be considered a mistake when you never acknowledged or apologized for your behavior?
never smiles and waves or makes small y’all when he mows the lawn or takes out the trash.
the boyfriend helps me the most because (he told me) i reminded him of his sister.
woman knew ever since age 40 she didn't want children
philip morris releases new single-puff marlboro minis
edit/ firstly, i am aware this is an immature argument, but my sister is still acting like she was justified so i thought i’d ask y’all.
ate like a pig when i got home after 9pm
last night i was talking with another guy in there about the most recent game grumps 10 minute power hour.
i answer her questions and thank her for reaching out--my bf turns the music back on while i'm on the phone.
i had obtained the mattress from a friend.
visa calls indians to confirm they actually did intend to take on more salary
aides advise obama to avoid any mention of america during state of the union speech
for some context, i've been friends with this person for the passed five+ years and about a year or two prior i asked her out but she rejected me, but after a brief period of not talking we managed to remain friends afterwards.
little tobacco hit with $3.5 hundred lawsuit
2078 nancy pelosi hologram nominated for 38th term in house as party leader
aita for telling my nephews that they should be the bullies not the victims?
so just today my family got back from a overnight stay at a family friends house and found out that the other rabbit gone missing.
at this point i am getting a bit anxious.
i've always been one of what they call the slow kids.
wibta for trying to apologize to someone who might not want to hear it?
she didnt say much and conversation ended pretty quickly.
so, because of that, i've never been "popular" with people and always had only a little friend circle at any school i went.
(we did not use the paper that lesson) am i the asshole?
we play competitively and usually get between 10-15 wins every night.
palestinians starting to have mixed feelings about being used as human shields
steven spielberg recalls coming to blows with e.t. on film set
logo of smiling cartoon tooth holding brush inspires nothing but confidence in local oral surgeon
she nit picked because there were dishes in the sink, dirty laundry, messes from some activities with the kids, and the trash wasn't taken out.
we didn't even negotiate a sale price!
study: home rotisseries only american technological field still advancing
i ask, "could you take it out for me?" he says no.
romney throws quinceañera for ann in last-minute attempt to get hispanic vote
it was an hour from where i met my girlfriend where she was living.
nothing that seemed toxic to me, but if someone angrily told me that i had done something wrong, if i disagreed i would just say, "yes, i know we weren't coordinated there, but i communicated clearly what i was doing and i don't know what else i can do", or "yes i know i died because i was alone, but i needed you guys to come to me, i couldn't come to you in that situation".
obviously he knows it was me, but i'm in significantly better shape than him and he couldnt really prove i did it.
it's not like i want to have sex multiple times per day.
archaeologists apologize for murdering last remaining neanderthal in fit of crazed bloodlust
he seems to believe that he can do whatever he wants, and his sophomore classmates are holding him back from achieving his true potential.
whenever we go on a date together, she is really talkative and we both seem to be engaging but whenever i text her or call her she either waits to respond or responds negatively and seems annoyed.
knicks front office scrambling after zion williamson drafted before 3rd pick
we talked beforehand about our likes and dislikes, and i told him that i don’t like sex to feel too gentle or passionate and that it makes me uncomfortable.
am i the asshole for refusing to asocciate with girls unless they are up for sex/dating?
i had purchased some other item that day and was already carrying it, so i offered to carry the vinyl in the same bag so that henry could have his hands free.
or when we go out on dates.
i'm feeling like a bit of a fossil over here.
man who hasn't moved in six hours repeatedly welcomed back by tv
her bff tried to tell her that maybe she should initiate something sexual.
**tl;dr** d wanted to add m (who he doesn’t know) into a group chat.
it probably wouldn’t be a question if i considered my apartment fully mine, but since mom was paying for it i think we both have rights to it.
this includes feeding and housing her brother.
was i mean for taking the ps4 and who is at fault?
most of my friends i only see online, and the only times i go outside are to go to the store and to walk my dog.
abraham lincoln's dna now available over the counter
new study reveals majority of americans want
right now she shares an apartment with a roommate who i will call madison.
i dont feel bad for kicking her out of my car, what has me doubting myself is the conditions i left her in (potentially violent situation, no heavy winter clothing, and broke).
my parents especially my mom has grown to hate him and has started actively showing her displeasure.
i think what gets me the most is that the people around me don't seem to get annoyed about these things either.
aita for spiking my sisters drink?
tearful meghan mccain opens up about father's dying wish that she be given her own daytime talk show
area man will be judge of whether woman actually true baseball fan
i said i was but he said i should go home or to the hospital.
and whenever i send a message, whether it be are u okay or anything, she closes the dm (that means that she can no longer see me in her list of dms).
part of me feels like this is wrong but the other part knows this is the only way i can fully 100% put this behind me.
right now, they are thumping around again and i am very close to just making a formal complaint, which i have been avoiding because it will pretty much instantly get them evicted (because i have a lot of evidence in terms of their noise, efforts i’ve made to talk to them civilly, etc).
area pedestrian obsessed with crossing the street
and before that for just as long.
report: most americans now getting their news while peeking out between fingers
youre a good friend." "ha, yeah hes a good guy.
'mother mary was essentially raped,' mourdock says while digging self into deeper hole
one night, cousin and her bf came home with a husky/wolf mutt they got from a farm.
senior citizens discuss merits of county-clerk candidates
my first drink wasn't until college, and i only started smoking weed a few years after i graduated.
katie couric flirts with cardinal on air
she said: i dunno what to say.
i go back to celebrate sister coming home, still worried about the whole thing.
he started getting very short with his messages.
evolutionary biologist discovers common human ancestor at cousin's wedding
when we first met i was already gay but confused why i was so insanely attracted to this woman only for him to tell me months later that he was actually a he in women’s clothing.
no more than 15 minutes later, i get a call from my best friend.
i’ve been honest with her and said that life isn’t fair and unfortunately for her she’s got to watch what she eats more carefully.
the only reason to do this would be because males were outscoring females so not enough were getting in.
my boyfriend then got upset with me and said, “why are you trying to win with this woman?” i was not trying to win and to be honest his lack of tailbone of a random person trying to mother us was annoyed me.
area man just ruined it for everyone
at least that will keep lasership out of the process.
i couldn’t hide the annoyance on my face and i could tell this hurt him a bit.
destruction of rainforest cafe clears room for new hooters
rotting smell in congress traced to decaying senator who died inside wall
nevertheless i was still nice and didn’t make any remarks about it.
christian bale given neutered male statuette named oscar
man completely blindsided by seemingly normal stranger telling him to 'have a blessed day'
i’m just trying to figure out myself right now.
didn't already give me a billion things this year.
i never agreed to this, as like wtf who would just purposely abandon their delusional / psychotic friend in a forest.
local authorities more than happy to let fbi take over
i'm not sure that i regret doing it even to this day, an eye for an eye and all that.
when he comes in he yells really loudly, “good morning everyone!” and says, “have a good day” on the way out.” he’s a very friendly guy, but the problem is that the way the office is set up, i can’t see him when he comes in, yet i am the closest to him, and he always seems to do it the second he comes around the corner, and to be honest, it scares the shit out of me every time.
to give context: i’m a teenage girl and i go to a pretty judgemental private catholic school where all the “popular” girls all secretly hate each other, and their families are pretty well off.
empty 'about us' page leaves chinese buffet's origins shrouded in mystery
being a year into marriage, and knowing my husband for a few prior, i thought he was used to it - and he really hadn’t shown a problem with it.
walgreens manager certain dead father would have been proud of crest toothpaste display
plot of 'midnight run' described at length to therapist
man really letting no one have it during exit interview
man, they do *not* joke around when they say your biological clock kicks in!
just to be clear i accept full responsibility for talking about her private information to someone else, i was a huge dick and i realize that.
4-year-old's optimism just making things worse for area family
on the outside she puts on this like perfect persona of being on of those "i can have it all" type of people and my dad tries to talk up her to me but i don't see it.
i still have some contact with the former boyfriend, we sometimes call, and we see each other once every three months or so.
if my husband had wanted his children to go out of state with our money, i would not have been mad, which i told my stepchildren.
israeli soldiers open fire on palestinians carrying potentially dangerous injured friends
for further context my best friend is a young european and his girlfriend’s family were first gen vietnamese migrants so it was unusual to let a male into their home and live with them.
family hoping mother knows birthday nature walk a one-time thing
amazing medical discovery to add years of fish-oil consumption to man's life
he comes home on lunch during this and ends up calling the police on me.
i didn't want to let the team down so i scrambled to find a replacement at short notice, giving up some rare time with a long distance partner to do so.
aita for having a problem with this?
i figured we could go visit her and use it sometimes - she lives about 70 minutes away.
i messaged him back, but didn't reply for 30 min.
but don't get me wrong, i didn't see it nor a way to satisfy any need of sensuality, nor as forcing.
he is heavily invested in a thuggish image that he maintains on his private instagram.
i’ve tried so many treatments to no avail and last month i gave cbd oil a try since it’s now legal in both the state we work in and live in.
&#x200b; this one-sided conversation thing continued on for a few months.
(my dog never goes in a kennel at this point in his life).
she was not having it so i grabbed my cigar apologized to the guy that sold it to me for any trouble i may have caused, to which he tell me he could lose his job.
'i want to congratulate the president,' romney says in 240,000th and final lie of campaign
so many people were crying, not just students, a bunch of teachers and deans too, even the principal was shedding a tear or two.
new pub to cater to needs of irish
in the interests of context, we'd just had a fight earlier that day.
3) aita for trying to fit some recreational time into the schedule to help with stress levels?
she said this was rude and dismissive and i told her i had nothing to say then.
i move out nov 21rst, i've thought about just paying a prorate for 21 days but it seems unfair financially to me.
area priest to get out of priesthood as soon as parents die
i decline invitations to thanksgiving dinners (whether my family's or a coworker's) by saying "[husband] is native american, so we don't do thanksgiving." while it's technically true that he is, it's not the real reason for declining.
all just because she wants another dog.
i started spending more and more time online, finding chat rooms and forming bonds with people that i would easily break after i got bored.
i was trying to get her to explain why she was so convinced i wasn't good enough, when every other group i play with thinks i'm learning stunningly fast, and she'd originally said i'd be on the a team.
she threatened to tell our parents about me being in her room, but i took her phone.
she wants rape fantasies, whips, blindfolds, cuffs, paddles.
walmart vows to defend whichever gays buy their cheap shit
progressive charter school doesn't have students
ted cruz boldly declares nation not deserving of better candidate
i posted bond dealing with such misdemeanor.
recently i told him that i was likely going to give his half sister age 49, my only other child, half of my belongings in the will and asked if he would be the financial administrator.
gratitude for thank-you note plunges friends into inescapable appreciation spiral
i told him earlier that week that i would be working on friday and then heading out for the holidays the next day.
china unable to recruit hackers fast enough to keep up with vulnerabilities in u.s. security systems
mom's christmas stocking noticeably less full
i'm not into hitting girls but i don't like people giving threats like that to my loved ones.
after a few minutes of chatting, both ladies casually mention that they have boyfriends that they live with.
republicans vow not to repeal obamacare without detailed plan for disposing of patients' disease-ridden corpses
by this time she is drenched and i'm pissed.
whale expert measures everything in elephants
i tell him that i didn't like that comment he made way back when.
in an a-ha moment i was like that's what she was mad.
you can guess where this is going right?
it wasn’t until he arrived that i realized it was a boy.
i just thought i would let her know because it is a slight turn off...
she started getting really depressed and sleeping a lot the last few months and i figured it was a phase because she hated her job and had some shitty life stuff going on.
i know that is probably isn't on the level of most of the questions asked here on this sub, but my so and i's anniversary is coming up and i thought i might be sweet if i sent her flowers to her office.
so my sil had them briefly and asked me to pick them up.
she doesn't drink milk and eggs either.
so would i be the asshole if i go back to this woman's house and attempt to make a move on her?
i realize that this dog has also stepped in the poop and had it stuck between her toes and was now rubbing on the couch and me.
i'm glad he decided to tell me himself and i get that we weren't dating any more so he could do whatever he wanted.
during the procedure, kirsten dunst's character is overwhelmed by her feelings for her boss, grabs his face, and kisses him.
man on first date cunningly leaves behind one of his fingers at woman's house
the repair centre normally gives out free rental cars but they noticed her licence has expired so they couldn't give her one.
teen weirded out after running over english teacher outside of school
kevin declined my request without any communication and sent back a request for gas.
these two tests covered an entire year of medical school, so i was effectively studying and being tested on an entire year of med school during one semester.
now i'm not a perfect human being and i have my own share of problems and i have my own growing to do.
ray charles signs def leppard album
before school started i made a google doc to sort out who would buy what so everyone would pay around the same cost.
because these dogs bark at everything.
but every month the week before she gets her period she’ll say that she’s late (23 day cycle is normal for her) and that she’s worried about being pregnant.
reddit: am i the asshole for not visiting my grandmother?
i was getting to play but i could've cried.
bush to london bombers: 'bring it on'
cry of more, more, more heard in midnight hour
aita for cutting off all of my friends unintentionally i have really low expectations for friends but they never seem to meet them.
gerbil running late will have to eat her babies on the go
she has always been invested in fandom/geeky things, so i can get that, even if i might never experience it.
i coulnt believe that i said that and i basically spent the rest of my night just crying in my room.
the store was very busy and she was stressed.
newly discovered fossils reveal prehistoric humans were bony
my daughter and her husband have two kids that are in a parochial school.
nation horrified to learn about war in afghanistan while reading up on petraeus sex scandal
aita for questioning the mods of legal advice why they would lock an update that's clearly asking for more help?
nation waiting for protesters to clearly articulate demands before ignoring them
this will probably be my last edit.
pope starting to suspect bishops getting huge erections during meeting on child sexual abuse might be pedophiles
aita for asking my girlfriend to have an abortion?
this isn’t a big deal in other cities i’ve lived in.
i told my crush almost two years ago that i have had feelings for her, and asked if she felt the same way.
so this year, the school board decided to force everyone to wear caps and gowns for the first time ever.
aita for not letting my sister get a toy because it weirds me out?
i have a neighbor named "j." j has been our tenant for about 5 years.
my problem is this - sometimes (not every time) she wants to spend all night playing with her brother, and when i've told her i want to go to bed at the same time as her and ask her to stop playing, she gets upset with me.
after a heated argument back and forth, my roommate childishly claimed that he won the argument and said that i should just "hf with your shitty memory." i took great offense to this- firstly, i thought that he was my friend, and secondly, i know that i have a good memory (i generally score high on memorization exams and have even won a national geography bee).
salmon just knows it going to jump right into grizzly bear's mouth
a few days later, my freshman year roommate wanted me to host a “social gathering” at my apartment since he and his roommates lived in the dorms and that type of thing isn’t allowed there.
the streamer will be nice, ask them about their day and the depression topic gets brought up.
advisors instruct william barr to avoid referring to trump as 'my liege' during confirmation hearing
i immediately regretted not telling emma my concerns about the party, but i assumed it wouldn't be loud or run too late.
our coach could not tell me.
mueller annoyed by dipshit protestors holding up traffic during commute
aita for trying to get my mom to fulfill herr chicken promise?
i could see my girlfriend getting mad, so i wanted to alleviate the situation and try and make it into a joke.
nation relieved insufferable little 'game of thrones' fans don't have book to lord over them this season
report: fbi learns of plot to download old school
although i agree with some of it, i personally enjoy gaming.
u.s. urges bin laden to form nation it can attack
sensitive scientists report 5 in 5 women don't know how beautiful they are
he directed to me to a person but shes an advisor and i had questions regarding computer recommendations and no offense but i think that someone who actual deals with the software would actually know better regarding that.
i recently entered a relationship while my friend has been pining for someone for a while.
new evidence suggests first gallows created as early attempt at autoerotic asphyxiation
but when my wife got pregnant that all stopped.
sully sullenberger realizes it too late now to let everyone know plane did all that stuff on autopilot
aita for telling my wife to shush when she was laughing loudly?
when i do go back to sleep i feel like it interrupts my deep sleep and i wake up super late and groggy.
needless to say, the last 2 months have been the most stressful time of my life, which is saying a lot given my occupation/training.
romney celebrates florida win with all-night miami beach rave
write-in candidate thought he had enough friends to win
so for thanksgiving i call my brother and say what are they bringing for thanksgiving to the house, he tells me jane was supposed to invite me, mom, and dad to their house ( well fuck, that was never going to happen) edit 1-clarification
at this point i took it as my que to disengage and pack up.
in case it wasn't obvious, my sister-in-law is already financially pretty solid (this whole family that i married in to is very financially savvy), and even though she's on her own and doesn't have a super-high-paying job, she was still able to save up *almost* enough to put a great down payment on her dream house.
i'm not the only one who finds our school system and the theory irrelevant, but there's nothing i can do right now to change it, so i'm operating against it.
my plan is to hire a cleaning service to pick up the slack that i can’t get always get to and have her reimburse me for as long as it’s needed.
literally, i need someone to truthfully tell me where i went wrong and how i really should've taken things.
my mom always wanted the best opportunities for me and moving to a bigger city means that she’ll be able to provide them all and at same time she’ll be able to take care of aaron and bring him up like her own son.
he first walked past the person next to me, without any issues.
midterms predicted to have largest voter in decades
i asked the front desk at one point how i should wipe down the equipment if we only got one towel, and was told there were paper towels in the fitness area to use when wiping the machines.
in three years i went from promising aerospace engineering prospect with sports cars a beautiful wife and kids to sick and dying, family and i had a fall out after they mishandled my sister's addiction and she died...then that same family kept me away as my aunt died of cancer at the same time i got sick.
i know a little bit about everything.
i have never had any kind of anger controlling issues, but suddenly these kind of things have started to appear.
i realize adoption comes with its own set of issues.
but it kills me though because i truly love my sister more than anything and i wish i didnt see the person i hate so much, in her.
later that week i ask my dad for the battery, my little brothers had gotten a knock-off battery, i asked my dad for an original microsoft one, which was somehow cheaper than the knock-off, he agreed.
i have horrible allergies and asthma.
85-year-old russian stares at cement wall of room
he also tried to hide the fact that he played the game until i eventually found out.
as for her stuff i just simply took it all home with me, i turned her phone off and tossed the sim so that can't bite me in the ass at least.
aita for not letting my 16 year old daughter date?
i honestly hate her , no doubt about it.
4 hours later he sent me another one that i declined too.
my parents love max so i know he's well taken care of and i can visit whenever i want.
i wanted to reject her but she was nice enough and we weren’t official so i thought i’d do it in a nice way.
my mom started to cry, she said i was pressuring her to get them in the middle of her drinking her smoothie.
she said to me she doesn't like that because she has been cheated on before and doesn't want to be hurt again.
community mural depicts misshapen globs of all races
i started yelling at him cause i was embarrassed that my teammates would judge me or mock me behind my back.
not even a fuckin phone call from his supposed best friend.
i'm pretty content with that, even if it's just cheap brats and chips.
alpha-bits now available in serif font
you can't read my body language like everyone else.
which was kind of shocking to me.
my step sisters will just go into the other room and don't say hi to me or even look at me.
i have asked her to stop working with venomous animals for the sake of her health.
we split all the household expenses, and his savings managed to keep us going for a while.
the first thing the manager does is apologize profusely and then ask if he should call an ambulance.
at some point i even suggested going back to the restaurant, telling the waiter about the mistake, pay for the forgotten meal and reallocate the money so that in the end we would have gone dutch.
model to give acting a shot
i thought this was supposed to be a holiday where you surprise them based on the interests they present you or the type of item they tell you, not the exact item.
freezing woman dining outside desperately clutching cloth napkin for warmth
i am not looking for any sort of absolution or advice because really nothing can be done at this point.
this happened back in high school and it’s been a few years since this has happened but i never understood why he was so offended.
we were joking around about sitting on her and getting it, like we did to each other as teenagers, and then we did.
facebook offers to freeze female employees' newborn children
i didn't feel the environment would be beneficial to anyone, so i didn't go.
local building accessible to only the strongest of the handicapped
i was glad to find that my room isn’t the one that smells, but it’s coming from the people who live next to me.
fbi calls for increased surveillance powers to keep pace with evolving threat of presidential administrations
however, they were already in the friend group and not a couple when i first met them and they’re the only couple besides the one in maine.
morale low at state department after only employee fired
report: female interns earn only three-fourths of college credit that male counterparts do
'watermelon capital of world' claim goes unchallenged
we reconnected over thanksgiving just through small talk.
area man still talking about crazy productive afternoon 4 months ago
'could've been me,' grumbles merrick garland watching gorsuch hearings at bar with fellow highway maintenance workers
ahmadinejad signs on as dean at sarah lawrence
i’m trying to be objective about the situation, but it’s overall just kind of messy.
so, i am an older person now and in similar situations that word will come to the forefront of my mind and when i am not around other people, i will actually say it.
encouraging new study indicates majority of u.s. students can now recognize math
his ex’s sister blocked him on the phone of his ex mother in law and won’t let her speak to him.
i feel like if i told her i did this, or told her beforehand it would lose its affect or not have had an affect.
concerts held to wish world's poor good luck
aita for serving wine at thanksgiving with a recovering alcoholic present?
im still very confused what she means there.
we all took turns driving my dad's old van.
levi's unveils new line of jeans with size written across the whole ass
they throw poop and are very “wild” animals.
am i an asshole or just old?
but i told him the whole story.
edit 3: i do appreciate everyone’s feed back.
bird has big plans for cage
this is a $17 bowl of rice i expect it to taste good.
local internet user completely unaware he a top content creator for barstool sports
tollbooth attendant wishes just one high-speed chase would crash through entry bar
part of me feels i did very little wrong here.
each of these photos were of her naked in very suggestive poses.
when she texted me today and told me she cried on the uber home and has cried all weekend.
i told my teacher that my friend was a lying whore and fucking stupid for thinking that she could get away for lying (my actual friend wasn’t there listening.
mom hates bad guy in movie
i attend an international private school and our graduation is coming up.
it’s not a normal swastika but a variation, i suspect, so as to not attract too much attention.
he used to constantly pick on me for being a square and doing well in high school and college.
keep in mind the majority of these uninvited monologues start on topic, quickly get off track, and will continue relentlessly any time there’s a lull for him to speak.
prior to her throwing the water out of the window, the people walking on the street were walking in the opposite direction i was driving.
entirety of beat poetry audience just faking knowing what's happening
i've tried to talk to him about getting a second job before and it's 50/50 on if he's open to it or just tells me that he likes things the way they are.
world health organization: 'not sure how, but adam levine's new fragrance the only antidote to mers virus'
&#x200b; recently i've been thinking about asking him to use the downstairs guest toilet instead of our main one for all number twos.
some days i even sleep on the couch in my living room than my bedroom when i have a promo the next day and don't want to be interrupted.
she didn't bring that up again, now it's been a few months and she seems ok with me and dick being friends.
i understand how hard it is for her living away from her family and she needs to keep that relationship with them strong.
dead hamster feels its life has been properly honored by shoebox coffin
so i apologized again, for making a big deal out of it and bringing it up in the first place and being cold about it last night.
warm weather finally allows man to get outside, explore new ways to sweat
my girlfriend is the messy type, i don't think she does it intentionally, she's just a bit of a scatterbrains but it winds me up none the less.
aita for leaving my friend alone drunk in berlin?
but anyways, the first day we met the freshmen it was obvious that this one girl was very interested in me.
i'm so matured that nobody realized i wasn't taking them till two weeks.
firstly, let me explain the whole situation (it's very complicated): i'm not good with anything that involves social interaction.
wrapped, labeled christmas presents already stacked in grandmother's spare bedroom
she took him to the doctors and he was diagnosed with concussion.
i was shocked and sat down embarrassed.
trump turns on fox news and tells aides to make whatever they're saying a law
atheist swayed by claymation story of christ
my mom always said that you pretty much have to wait for people to offer their space before you can plan to go there.
my ex girlfriend and i still text and call sometimes.
she’s gorgeous and wedding plans are going well.
then he started blaming me for what happened.
i still passed my classes last semester with nothing lower than a high d in one class.
i think i go overboard and tell her she's a spoiled bitch who's a waste of space on this world.
a month ago, we talked about getting back together, she told me she loved me and she was conflicted, but when we slept together on her birthday and the next day, she still had a boyfriend.
i did not do anything with my coworker until after i called things off with my fiancée.
only to be told i would not be getting to play my role during team activities.
she mentioned that it was inconsiderate for not inviting her and it is weird that i posted asking if someone wanted to come with me.
historical archives: hy-genic apportionment of remaining paper
kavanaugh on sexual assault allegations: 'i miss high school'
she basically told me that this was her property and she was free to do what she wanted with it and that she demanded me to pick up after my dog.
to be fair i am also in yearbook and sometimes run out in the final 5 minutes of class to grab a camera or to talk to the yearbook teacher but for the most part i try to stay in class and participate.
man arriving late forced to use excuse he was saving for leaving early
styrofoam to spend next 500 years reflecting on how well it protected blender in transport
but for whatever reason, she doesn’t remove the hair on her toes and fingers.
fema officials panic after accidentally evacuating 1 million residents in direction of hurricane
it shocked the fuck out of me and i feel like i had no time to process it.
aita for getting mad at my sister for (somewhat directly) causing my puppy to pee on the floor?
i offered to apologise and do whatever to make it up to them but my sister said no.
one took our order, another brought our food, and a third took care of us for the rest of the night.
the first two people i really began to get close with on the first day were b and jc.
emmanuel macron amused by little differences in french, american islamophobia
bus transporting carnival cruise passengers crashes into sewage treatment plant
jenny mccarthy lured to fox network by bright light
area man would put that meeting in his top 5 all time
during the day all players vote to eliminate a player; during the night the mafiosos choose to eliminate a player.
i talked to him about it numerous times and he always said he wouldn't do that, they didn't really care about being married or not, etc.
there are a few followup details and i'll clarify any questions.
however if he came out i am certain my father would come around to it, only because over the years he’s gradually distanced himself from our old church because of how hateful the pastors’ associates have become toward gay people.
aita for wanting to fill out a form for my ex-boyfriend to get sent back to his country?
i never even introduced them and they live far from each other so i had no idea how they knew each other.
got really drunk last night and am pretty hung over, but i asked my mom if she wanted to hang out today and i feel bad cancelling.
but she loves the baby too much to put us both out, and i know she’d continue to take care of my daughter if i were gone.
i first didn’t believe my son but the other kids told similiar storys to theire parents so i thought there has to be some kind of truth in it!
'greatest story ever told' has gimmicky deus ex machina ending
early-morning jogger pities everyone still sleeping
anyway, i was there when grant received this news from his mother (who is friends with mellie on fb).
long story short, am i an asshole?
so this part of the story happened like a month ago ill call my 'friend' chad.
are my friends overly sensitive or aita?
that’s just how we all were, and you learned that it was all in good fun, and to not take it personally.
now she’s saying that she wants to go back to work.
the dad's side is very extensive so like 58 of wedding invites are going there, like 13 to her mother side.
i could break up with her later when we could see each other in school after christmas break but wouldn't it be best if i just text her on her birthday as revenge?
now, with all this happening, i apologized about the "time of the month" comment.
he said that he can't sleep when my desklight is on, and that he doesn't want to use his sleeping mask because it makes him uncomfortable.
frustrated debate moderator reminds audience to refrain from john kasich chants while other candidates speaking
this scared me so i started yelling back that he needed to calm down and if he could please move.
looking back i gave her a silly comparison because i’m a car guy....
so purely out of anger i say, "at least i am not banging the secretary behind my wife's back!" while his wife was sitting right next to him.
using that, i followed him home and watched him park on the side of the street next to his home.i waited until it got dark, and i smashed his windows in with a collapsible baton.
aita recently went to a big name concert in tx, spend around $200 per ticket.
i wouldn’t be surprised if she calls her mom too once she starts talking.
report: entire $12 billion farm aid package already blown on really big silo
aita for being disrespectful towards my (new) teacher?
meat industry introduces new easy-tear perforated beef
so i feel like he has no place telling me where i can and cannot stay overnight.
it should have arrived next week.
she doesn't think i'm wrong about this whole situation, but won't actively oppose to it.
he told me if i want to hire a nanny i could just divorce him and find some other chump to support me.
banks introduce 75-cent surcharge for using word 'bank'
salvation army clothing drop-off choked with stirrup pants
onion twitter password changed to onionman77
nation's substitute teachers would like to know who threw that
she’s the delusional type and falls in love with any dude who makes eye contact with her, even though she’s ugly as fuck (idk if i can say that but it’s sadly the truth).
mike pence horrified by d.c. cherry trees flagrantly displaying reproductive organs
tuesday this week i got me and my so contracts at our local fitness studio.
i say this isn't fair to me because i did exactly what i said before, albeit i was a little vague.
mall pastry shop takes oscar for best cinnabontography
so i'm asking, am i the asshole for being pissed about this situation?
'the investigation ends now,' growls shadow counsel holding mueller by throat at top of washington monument
out of 25 extended family members, 20 sided with us.
i'll start of with some context.
i clearly said please and i’m not saying it again.
winning dad forces tired child to finish monopoly game
he texted if i change my mind i know where to find him.
it upset me that she threatened administrative action over a small misunderstanding when i’ve thus far proved to be a responsible and rule abiding student.
so basically, my brother is 5 years older than me but a year below me in uni.
a pain clinic nurse had been helping my son take care of my wife on her free time for the last few months of her illness and we became extremely close.
but, we argue about money sometimes.
location of newest mass shooting revealed
after next week is exam week, and i’d rather spend the time studying than telling another student to buy bin liners.
she would say emotionally neglectful, or patronizing things to others and did not understand why they were hurtful.
i’ve been dealing with a lot and struggling with school/internships so i asked my boyfriend if we could go on a loose break.
(don't want any advice on this.
skeleton of mayan nerd dug from prehistoric locker
aita for wanting to confront an aquaintance about her companies use of child labour/poor environmental stance at a work function?
i was relieved but she still continued to do it anyways.
she tells me that her and my brother hooked up the other night.
aita for being upset with my girlfriend for getting me a "gift"?
by her count it's 8 guys but could be as high as 15.
national weather service to give hurricanes full names
i like her but i really hate her.
for the week before thanksgiving i had asked my son what his plans were for the holiday.
he doesn’t know how to interact properly.
now, i'm the type of person who hates it when they hurt someone, or do something that gets someone in trouble, it keeps me up all night.
man spends whole day dreading fun activity he signed up for
i've developed a tendency to be needlessly blunt and harsh; i am trying to rectify that, but it has been difficult.
[update] still on the bus here, 9 hours in and the guy behind me has been on the phone for 2 hours already and this lady hasn’t said a word.
he says, "are you allergic to anything?" and i go "no".
report: grandpa just walks like that now
creative alcoholic comes up with idea to drink a lot
in these instances, i would reply for clarifications: "can i get a few more details?", "are you sure about this?", "how does that jibe with this other thing that would contradict it?", "is this a new process?", etc.
ghostwriter taking a few creative liberties with paul reiser's life
ellen degeneres prepares to host academy awards by spending eight hours a day in oscars simulator
except for this, she's a great mom, also great at finding excuses.
warden figures week in solitary ought to teach inmate not to be schizophrenic
but now she's going to go on a trip to europe with her bf and recently bought herself a tv and told me how relieved she was to finally be financially stable.
aita for telling my friend that my other friend was talking about her behind her back?
i am living my dream as a fire fighter.
(this wasn't the last of the movies but we only buy a few cases at a time).
he came up with this ridiculous story that the sword is actually like 300 years old and his grandpa had gotten it as a gift when he'd been in japan with the navy after the war because his grandpa had been one of the first white people to take karate or whatever from this old family.
enough to pay for our bills and groceries with very little leftover.
secretary pretty sure vending-machine guy is that uncaptured serial rapist
new prisoner recognized from 'scared straight' visit
wibta if i called in a noise complaint on my landlord for playing music?
edit 2: for the sake of privacy and some commenters, i’ve removed the image of our conversation from imgur.
i'm 16 years old (high school junior), and have always been what i like to call a "bipolar extrovert", where i'm super social at school and love being surrounded by people, but when i get home, i'm just exhausted and want to spend the whole day left to my own devices.
area nephew a very funny young man
now, this already sounds pretty bad for me, but you got to hear me out here.
i thought i could sacrifice my own happiness for the good of my kids happiness.
aita for mis-translating for my old coworker who feels it’s ok to only speak spanish?
still, i can't help but picture some poor housekeeper who might potentially lose her job because i left used kleenex in the hotel trash can.
i go in and tell my partner to go have a look at what is going on.
i don't want to lose her but i can't be involved with a baby.
she told me that it wasn't okay, but she forgave me, asked for a "get out of jail free" card if she ever got upset about something she couldn't help feeling upset about.
los angeles now 70 percent overpasses
but i would have appreciated if someone had warned me from the beginning about my ex's illness (because obviously they weren't ever going to) so that i could have informed myself and been better prepared for that relationship or left earlier.
aita for watching my brother's wife while she cams?
i had started the conversation saying that my boyfriend should use the credit, which is usually when he sets it up for me (reiterating that's not an expectation), but then he said he wanted his brother to use it.
paroled prisoner excited to hear the '80s are back
man who has clocked 137 hours in rpg can't believe he has to waste precious time watching cutscenes
he constantly ignored me, left my messages on read, said he wish he went out with vincent, and found any reason to belittle me.
she wanted me to text her things to make her feel bad.
obviously this was an unjustified reaction on my part and we fought about it for the day, ending with an agreement that that he would no longer be able to use my card for payment unless he paid me back on the spot (i've gotten upset over the same issue before but never reacted in this way previously) &#x200b; the 2nd outburst happened a few days later, over basically nothing.
we get stepdaughter every other weekend.
paul simon wondering how one goes about getting a column on 'the huffington post'
&#x200b; **the reasons they settled for the destination i didn't like was:** \- victoria had just graduated from university and wasn't going to apply to jobs until after summer so money was tight.
researchers forced to scrap another sleep study after participants murdered in dreams by serial killer
i feel like feelings will rekindle, and i just dont want him to be her emotional support...
&#x200b; tldr; autistic girl who can't sing ruins the recording of our beautiful concert, people say i shouldn't blame her because of her disability, i think that's a bullshit cop-out.
those babies are way too young to even remember the pain anyways.” that response genuinely took everyone’s breath away & quite a few people had disgusted looks on their faces.
tea party movement hopelessly divided into enraged, apoplectic factions
the thing that bothers me is that whenever it happens, she make this loud gasp/moan sound, even if we're out in public.
i am 99% sure he wouldn’t want to go if i weren’t going; it’s not his thing at all, though maybe i’m just making excuses.
woman didn't know progress on toxic masculinity would turn boyfriend into such a weepy little pansy
thanks for being flexible." followed by another text saying "would you rather not see me at all?" and more words about how he had told me several times already his day was super packed.
i reserved a table at a nicer restaurant with entrees around $35-$60.
my husband and i have been together 5 years, married for 2 today.
he had made the decision to aggressively tailgate me, repeatedly, until he lost control of his own vehicle.
i’m half angry at my parents for expecting me to try and be religious like them but i also feel a bit like an asshole for not respecting my heritage and stuff aita?
i know better than to engage with trolls, but i do so anyhow, and publicly bring up pedophile's history, complete with link to his registry as a sex offender, effectively creating drama on all sides and leading to the friend deleting the entire post because she didn't want people fighting on her thread.
&#x200b; i understand the idea of how unappealing "i will gladly pay you tomorrow for a hamburger today" is, and i understand he has to run a business, but the lack of empathy really stings.
this example is about my dad buying pain au chocolate at a french bakery.
i don’t think i am but a lot of people do.
i feel horrible for that little boy and his family but to kill yourself over what others think of you?
fbi: 'you know you're desperate when you're asking the american people for help'
new education program inspires economically advantaged youth to express themselves through funding the arts
aita for expecting people to eat each piece of bread as it appears in the loaf?
surviving miner ordered back to work
i've dug myself so fucking deep i don't know how to get out.
she saw this and asked me why i stopped being her friend.
over the next several days i started thinking of our relationship.
my mate was doing no nut november and and 2 days ago on the 28th we had a party.
i also try to help my aunt and uncle out and offer myself when i can, ie pick up kids, wash dishes, do laundry, offer to buy some groceries when going out, etc...
i asked if she'd rather go back home to texas as a family or fly her dad out, and she chose her dad.
fast forward a few more months and we're having trouble paying off the credit card debt and staying afloat on our other debt (we had just bought our house literally two weeks prior to the accident).
he asked if i have been smoking on the couches, and i said yes.
my take is her terrible communication started the whole thing.
he cheated on me with one of his coworkers (who worked for him and knew me when we were married) and i didn't find our for a year until i was humiliated at a work event when someone thought we were in an "open" relationship.
biden frantically cleaning up trashed vice president residence at last second
so am i the asshole for informing him that he kinda really pissed me off?
snack scientists develop previously unthinkable capacity to stuff cheese inside itself
our relationship didn't last longer than a month as she admitted to sleeping with her ex over a text,and when i wanted to talk about ignored me for 5 days before telling me that they were engaged once again over a text.
i started pretending to be a girl on a discord server.
as i was hollowing out the final side of the project i accidentally broke through it while it was almost as hard as it could be without it being fired.
this did not happen recently but in early 2017 when i was a junior in high school.
one of my closest friends at uni, annie (who is in a long term relationship) came over one night to have a couple of drinks before heading to a party.
jazzfest performer recognizes audience from last year
it doesn't devalue any of the arguments made so far, i'm still a shit student and i need to get better at dedicating more time to paying attention to her class.
inverted bob added to supercuts arctic vault where hairstyles preserved for future generations
mom dishing up her famous comments about your body this thanksgiving
i know there's at least one of them that probably wants her, and as such i like to check out her guy friends, to see what they are like, and what their intentions are with her.
i told her it would be hard, but i would do my best.
from what i remember, i didn't immediately react in any way.
literary historians uncover collection of breezy, upbeat edgar allan poe writings penned after author took up jogging
at the same time, i know it's not all about material stuff, and i've broken my fair share of objects throughout my life.
me (24m) moved out of my mothers home and into my girlfriends (22)f)moms/grandmothers home after we've been talking for almost a year.
aita for not greeting my girlfriend once she enters the flat after work?
i then canceled my subscription, and took off my debit card as a payment method, just in case they try to charge me later.
paper towels on amazon surge to $2,000 a roll after crippling cost increase of paying workers a living wage
-i didn’t take all of the candy, just about a couple dozen cups.
new television show to examine rarely discussed years between 1980 and 1989
i had asked them for it nicely because i was experiencing back pain from the chair i was using.
we hung out a few more times and actually spoke and it was really nice.
man in kitchen can't remember what he got married, bought house, had 3 kids, and came in here for
bowling green state just going to claim christopher lloyd as alumnus until someone calls them out
she then asked to me to grab her one too (she didn’t really want a whole pizza, but since we didn’t want to share was going to eat one).
reference and history: we're both 18.
old gypsy woman run over without consequence
other people have questioned her about this and she seems to know it is extreme, but does not care.
thing went out of control when aaron started spiraling into some mental issues like ocd and depression, and his father (my uncle) had to leave his job in the middle east due to arab spring that sent the country spiraling through a bloody civil war.
sometimes she forgives him, others not.
thoughtful ocean returns body a few days after borrowing it
i was really mad but i let him do what he wanted and then we slept together and the next morning i was happy.
i don't know how else to describe that.
millions participate in cuban version of survivor
a week before thanksgiving he texted me and asked me if we can get drunk together the wednesday before.
i feel as if she's saying our relationship isn't enough, that she still wants to explore the other side of her sexuality despite her saying she would never look elsewhere whilst with me.
he was extremely unattractive and i didn't even know his name.
nation begs for midterms to be pushed back to delay start of 2020 presidential campaigns
scientists determine tingling sensation of asmr caused by mass brain cell die-off
the car my sister has is actually their old car that they sold to her when she was in her senior year of highschool, at the time, she had no job, and didnt get one until after she graduated.
then i told him he got a car for free, and the least he could do was pay the ticket.
she said that it wasn't a no forever, but she didn't want to commit to a one sided relationship and also said she doesn't think that it's fair that our relationship happens on 'my schedule' or 'my terms'.
she told me about her husband and everything and why she hasn't left the house.
so now im stranded in a mall, in a different town, with no money, no ride, and now me and my dad are pissed, and my half day off was just pissed down the sink.
i've worked at this same factory for just under 30 years, which gives you an idea as to why i feel confused as well as how old i am.
scientists pinpoint part of brain all your hair grows out of
well, she ended up telling me she already slept with kyle, the night she ended things with me.
however, if i don't go on this trip, it would most likely get cancelled as my friend would be the only girl there and thus it would be awkward for her.
navy discontinues use of 'port' and 'starboard'will now refer to left as 'thunk' and right as 'moosh-baroo'
aita for not wearing my engagement ring?
can you believe that!!!!” he was complaining that the price of the 4 bedroom house split 2 ways was insane.
fans disappointed to learn 'fast five' contains no car-chase scenes
my nine year old daughter carries my last name and wants to legally change it to include both of her parents last names.
it's the 'one fedora per crew' rule how am i supposed to deal with this situation.
i am a middle school girl with two brothers, a twin brother and a little brother, both with autism.
it gets really bad during the last half hour or so of the film (during the "snap" ) and now the girls behind me are in full blown tears.
in total she cheated on me maybe 4 or 5 different times before we officially called it off...
after some discussion we did decide to take her up on the offer this time and asked for about $4k to pay off one of the credit cards (we used two and the second was almost paid off already).
they wont know either way anyway...
god knocked unconscious by directtv satellite
federal laws including ada, fhaa and human rights laws are incredibly grey and give the esa need the upper hand in the eyes of the law.
we both love the outdoors and were happy to raise our family away from the chaos of the city.
paula broadwell crashing on petraeus family's couch until sex scandal blows over
new historical drama just 90 minutes of woman holding up petticoats while running through open field
i agreed to take care of the other dog whenever they can’t because i love the shiba and because i wanted to help out the boyfriend.
so me and my friend are trying to boost our mark with a make up extension for the course.
nation admits it always a little bored by whole jimmy hoffa thing
mike pence has long heart-to-heart with staffer who came to work with coffee on breath
thousands of drunk revelers dressed as jesus descend on vatican for annual christcon pub crawl
so i ask him "why", and he replies "because she is a woman and that is the right thing to do".
obligatory long time lurker, i’m on mobile, etc.
i responded and told her that our daughter has a long sleeve shirt as well as a sweater on.
prince harry: 'i killed taliban-looking people'
i struggled to try and explain to her what i was going for, while trying to apologise, but she hardly seemed to listen.
he said he'll start looking for a new job next week because he has to do all the files to stop his business.
militia leader sentenced to 6 months' probation for war misdemeanors
aita for asking to split rent in accordance with income?
nation to wait for more facts on texas shooting before doing absolutely nothing about it
girlfriend really has mind of its own today
i messaged him last night to say that i'm having a sleepover with my male friend (let's call him b).
i also bought a sympathy card and paid for it to be sent.
gordon ramsay berates spoon for 45 minutes
man hates it when trailer gives away entire premise of movie
i text her a week later on snapchat and basically said im not going to be her friend anymore cuz of this.
am i the asshole if i break it off?
my friend says i should tell the guy but i dont want drama plus hes in my class.
maybe i should not share anymore information with you.
i feel as though i am leading her on but also trying to save her feelings and potentially her future.
obama trying out social policies in 'second life'
i've known this guy about fifteen years.
&#x200b; i don't like bothering people with my emotions, yknow?
&#x200b; tl;dr starting to become more intimate with girlfriend, but i'm realizing i don't find her body attractive and don't have a desire for sex because of it...would it be wrong to break up with her?
and it was at this point his friends decided to join in.
but because she drove off she would end up being found at fault (but that never happened).
dateline nbc report inspired by actual events
so, i said that if she did that, i'd bash her face in.
upon telling my girlfriend's parents, they made her feel pretty crummy about it, and kind of bullied her into staying home - saying she would fail and not succeed and make bad decisions without her parents.
i reconnected with them, because they finally remembered that i exist.
aita for sticking up for an ex?
i screenshot it so that the guy hopefully gets embarrassed.
basically, some of my kitchen things are still being used by him and more than half of what i own is up in his attic.
&#x200b; so, i went to the party, she spoke to me, we had a good time, then we went to bed and fooled around, the next day she skipped work and we spent the entire day in bed.
today i accidentally hit myself in the nose with my knee, really damn hard, trying to do a joke during class.
video game boss thinking he should get big glowing weak spot on back checked out
2" x 2" vegetarian section granted on backyard grill
indonesian unrest quelled for tourist season
aita for cheating on most of my college exams?
long story short, it made her cry.( now, after that day, she vowed revenge.
small town beginning to wonder what taking heroin epidemic so long to get there
so, it's crazy for me to even allow myself to jeopardize this situation, but i am looking forward to having a situation with more standing when the student loans are paid off.
maze with cheese in center enters human trials following decades of testing on mice
aita for getting hit by a table leg yta today i was waiting in a hallway in front of an office together with some colleagues.
this second friend is a very good programmer and thought making this private server would be easy.
some times he’s not so good about it and i am bothered by it.
deep inside i just wanted to have fun on a trip that i may not be able to experience again, and i was hoping my girl can trust me, but she can't because i had deleted a text to another girl saying happy thanksgiving" when i told my gf i wouldn't reply back.
it was a mutually beneficial for both of us.
so, im not gonna cheat on anyone but like..
no where to park his truck at the doctors office so he asked to use my car and said for me to take his truck.
she says now that this was stalking.
later, while doing my original duties i was hired for, the office manager comes to tell me i need to pay better attention because the same person from the office found i mis-filed an invoice in the k folder when it belongs in the l folder....(seriously they got stuck together)...and that they now are going through all of the to be paid invoices to make sure i didn't mess up again and it's a whole bunch more work for them.
we ended up going to a friends that night, a friend whom she had a falling out with (who i found out later she also had sex with before we starting "dating").
she woke up, and i apologized saying it was an accident.
report: oyster cracker–wise, nation doing pretty good
we've had petty fights over this but i just want to know if what i'm asking for is unreasonable or not.
hand gestures transform friend's story into immersive virtual reality experience
tim kaine stuffs handful of goldfish crackers in ballot scanner
area man honored to have name in hat
and he’ll call anyone out on it too.
one guy i really liked is even getting pulled out by his parents because of this.
i can already guess what it was about so i ignore the call.
while i know he probably deserved to be called out, i dont want him to kill himself or anything.
my dad (68m) recently came to visit me (31f) and my wife (32f) for two weeks.
the teasing i got really mad is because after explaining my viewpoint he just disregarded it because it was over a video game.
as we're leaving my coworker says he parked on the roof of our parking garage (he arrives late constantly and is unable to park in a desirable spot.
dubious inclusions damage credibility of entire record collection
report: everything you've ever wanted has been right in front of you all along
report: nation's ditches overflowing with children of worried parents
robert pattinson looking forward to taking on more serious vampire roles after conclusion of 'twilight' films
lay it on me; i can take it.
my notes are impeccable and i have a photographic memory.
the baby is mobile, loud, and a distraction.
for fucks sake, she left him during his darkest times, why should he be there for hers?
aita for being angry at my roommate?
i weigh 320 pounds more or less.
aita for being uncomfortable with my brother being gay?
now i have the opportunity to care for my nephew and offer him a steady routine whist he is at my house.
bush calls cabinet meeting to get story straight
i went back to dating other people but remaining single.
am i the asshole for even asking?
she got mad and i told her that she was overreacting.
it's not even like i'm trying to hit on her, or be creepy about, i'm just saying hi.
regal cinemas suddenly realizes it's been playing 'love and other drugs' for two years
i have tried talking to a psychologist but feel like it isn't helping.
i blamed it on it being a busy time at work and i needed to really pull my weight since i was still the new guy and it was my first real job.
police say conditions too nippy to rescue missing hiker
some time later i felt that we had gotten a lot closer together and i wanted to let her know that i still wasn't over it.
as i’m sweeping up i get a call from her pa: heyyyyyy me: what’s up?
my job involves either constantly interacting with people, managing conversations, and building/maintaining relationships or it involves deep, intellectual, isolating work, neither of which make it easy to catch up with people on background during the work, and by the end of the day i'm pretty spent socially.
i had informed them about times guest came over before with the exception of routine visits from my boyfriend or daytime visits for 5-10 minutes with a friend where we grabbed things from my dorm room.
at one point, her dad fixed her car for her after finding replacement parts, and she crashed it a few days later.
it's like a super formal black tie mixer party for their current and potential clients, and she said she needs me to be her date.
should i go on the trip?
i get that he is her legal son now and she can name him whatever she wants, but she never even consulted me about it.
well on this particular day it was a thing that depended on me graduating on time and me having a delayed graduation in august.
so even tho he earns a lot he’s putting most of it towards our debt.
i think i was the one who organised it.
someone filming b-roll at pike place market right now
&#x200b; once i told everyone it became apparent that a lot of my/his friends were not going to be attending the funeral.
it’s inappropriate, horrendous, and nothing you say will make me think otherwise me-i wasn’t going to, i’m sorry you feel that way have a nice day🙂 aita??
we had some arguments about money so our compromise was that i would work part time and the money i made from that would be all mine.
aita for watching an episode of a show my girlfriend and i binged earlier without her around?
so i went to the bathroom and locked the door.
devin tells me that they slept together and he calls her a barbie doll to which i agreed with and we laughed about it.
we’ve had constant argues about this cos i feel like i’m never gonna be able to enjoy what i used to do again.
and that she made it sound like she was entitled.
they just zipped past a quarter mile of cars lined up to exit, and squeezed in right at the ramp.
last monday, i left my boyfriend by texting him.
encouraging report shows 45% of onion social users survive beta testing
no, i forgot to mention that my mom also wants him to get a job.
m stated they “will not be calling out specific individuals or who said what in order to keep things civil” then proceeded to only mention me by name.
title is pretty self explanatory but here goes.
we settled on offering j the room for 600 instead of 900.
thing is though, whenever she drinks, she’s totally fine with penetration.
do something sexual which we haven't done yet - we are working our way up towards 'more' sexual things, going from shirt to skin, feeling to seeing, etc.
aita for arguing for my friend to surrender in a game before the game is done?
i go to jane in her room with my brother "john" in there.
i feel like the admins could have just accommodated my shitposting addiction by just continue banning seperate accounts instead of my entire ip range.
she was playing golf with friends, with really loud music blaring, making her almost unintelligible.
he was unable to control his vehicle when the emergency arose (my brake check).
i think she actually believed me — she had been really drunk.
his mother's manipulation landed him where he was.
hungover energy secretary wakes up next to solar panel
wibta if i end a relationship with no explanation on mobile sorry for formatting but i will do my best.
my friend sees us in the campus cafeteria and approaches us.
tldr my girlfriend made a substantial purchase behind my back after we barely talked about it, i demanded she either got a refund or sold it.
with it being online and not official, i didn't think much of it.
thai premier eats entire bucket of chicken to calm bird-flu fears
i don’t know he exact cost, but i think he said before that he paid a few thousand dollars for it.
second-semester fling leads to first-trimester abortion
this was satisfactory for a long time.
that means all i need on my part is the certified mailing ticket date stamped with the post office stamp.
i complimented the videos and the music on their aesthetics (which wow, it was like going back to the 90s with nsync and the backstreet boys aesthetic!) and sometimes their music.
black history month celebration honors how sharp african americans looked in old-timey clothes
u.s. soldiers ask rumsfeld if they could get surprise visit from loved ones instead
i am a 66 year old widower recently retired.
history buff can really relate to millard fillmore
i talked to my neighbors and they just said "we can't control what she does outside." at this point i'm annoyed at them and not the cat.
then i decided to pose as a unknowing stranger using the subreddit.
we already have a 20 gallon long in our room with shrimp and some tetras and we are currently cycling a 100 gallon in the living room.
guantánamo inmates cheer after learning trump saved their home
asimo tricked into falling down stairs
i’m in class the next week a day before my birthday, and i get a text from her while my phone is off (i usually have it off in class).
aita for breaking up with gf in art i was in an art class at the beginning of the new school year, i was sitting next to my girlfriend at the time who i had been dating for about 4 months.
george r.r. martin announces next book to feature pixies, dracula
my husband has a very high stress job.
&#x200b; four i can see how i was in the wrong here.
aita: i pretended to love my bf for a year then dumped him.
song crafted in the deepest pit of hell wins big at grammys
mcdonald's introduces new 6-piece chicken ncnoltes
area man treats girlfriend to sumptuous 20-second massage
i continued to talk to this other person, often flirting and even sexting him.
i told her if she blew me off this time like she did before, i would never forgive her.
to be entirely fair to sil, i can be a grumpy introvert who takes a while to warm up to people.
i've always felt like giving gifts to people beyond childhood is a bit pointless, unless it's a more thoughtful/personal gift.
i asked my father to pick me up from high school today because he didn't have work, so he drove with my sister to do just that.
i did some googling and found this disorder that seemed to fit perfectly with my symptoms.
so why would they be exempt from buying a round after having one bought for them?
the relationship i was in was incredibly toxic.
am i an asshole for making that joke?
couple fucking at next table obviously on third date
end of the day he says 'i punch you' (he had bad english).
i have 3 kids a son who is 13, daughter who is 11 and another daughter who is 9.my two eldest can eat whatever they want and still stay slim.
internet explorer makes desperate overture to become default browser
aita for flying home to see my family while my wife and kids stay home?
in our first place we had that one in the bedroom we’d use it with chrome cast, but in our new place the bedroom doesn’t get good wifi reception so it’s just been hanging out, not being used.
my intention was never for that to happen, and i couldn’t tell if it was the long drive home and me refusing to stop or all of the drinking that did it.
these wages are both after tax.
former chinese dissident has your order ready
(i don't think he ever even knew about the pregnancy) she had the baby and moved in with the man she cheated with.
teddy bear feels terrible for sparking 'what are we?' conversation
i have had some stressful jobs so i get it that’s she wants to move on.
i went to their medicine cabinet and find what looks like a bottle of medicine.
'new york times' announces new columnist will contribute nothing to society 3 times a week
aitah for not fully siding with my wife against my dad?
so i have been working exclusively for a smaller company, they offer me projects with payments ranging from 5,000 to 10,000.
new study confirms sharks just really angry dolphins
i have an apprenticeship, so i earn a small wage and still live with my parents.
i have been feeling bad about this for awhile now and another post just reminded me.
i'm just kinda off with it.
i think he's being dramatic, especially about that weekend.
edit: i would put this in r/petty revenge but it isn’t grand enough.
eric trump poses with carcass of safari guide shot on african hunting trip
world's best dad has world's worst arteries
career-driven man beginning to worry entire identity no longer tied to job
historical archives: sing ho! for the king of broil'd meats
i let them know and they asked what i expected her to do since it was an accident.
state of the union guests sort of assumed white house would pay for them to get home
my dogs will growl and bark at them and they growl and bark back.
also: the apartment is in my name i think that’s essential.
green party official caught embezzling campaign funds for dime bag
he's one of those guys who doesn't take kindly not being the one in a position of seniority.
i planned on having an actual lunch/dinner date with her where we could sit down, talk, have a good time.
so as i came from behind the mcdonalds i'm driving thru the lane and coming to the last corner right before where you place your order.
i really hope we can still be friends but he's really mad.
add on some drama between the others (which i didn't get any details of), and the group was dissolved.
humane society urges americans to opt for shelter turkey this thanksgiving
today was her day off, except she had to attend a doctor's meeting in the late afternoon.
i saw you come off those train tracks get lost." so let me know reddit amitheasshole?
he has two roommates who are married and ever since they found out i was pregnant, they’ve been downright mean to me.
$80 million movie scrapped after footage reveals brad pitt had spinach stuck in teeth for entire film
like 99% of the comments buried the op and said that the dad was a pos who deserved to burn in hell.
conservation group condemns waterboarding as wasteful
so i say again 'look, i really wish i could give you an answer here, but until i know more about my situation you are just going to have to do this yourself'.
he is going back to college this weekend and so i feel like i wasted my chances to see him.
surinamese man struggling to write the great surinamese novel
i just included the worse parts for context.
i tried to apologies many times throughout the remainder of our time at school together but he never accepted it.
fast forward two years and i just feel so tired and secluded from the world.
dog held against will inside skype window
entire shopping mall quietly dreading whatever empty stage set up for
she says "yes he was very generous would you like to give us 7 dollars?" i say no i would not.
aita - for trying to push my husband with tourette syndrome to use cbd oil?
i was blind with rage at her after that message and felt completely guilt tripped into going, but i did because she fully bullied me in to it.
i found my state's tenant/landlord rights and it says that "a landlord cannot just sit by and collect rent but must make a reasonable effort to re-rent the property." in relation to early move out.
i started teaching english at an academy on mondays and wednesdays.
magical girlfriend transmutes guilt into precious stones
she's currently studying for her masters and go for occasional drinking with her classmates.
she told me the end of the needle was blunt, fine, not too hard.
about 15 minutes later, a man shows up ( i think her boyfriend) speaking broken english telling me to “respect his sahel” or whatever the hell he was trying to say.
pope francis offers molested kids 10% off at vatican city gift shop
not pleasant, but shit's been rough, so i guess i'm extra sensitive or something.
apparently the father had skipped out on her a couple of months ago and now she was working three jobs whilst trying to support two kids and a pregnancy.
flash foward to now, he won't stop asking to hang out with us and go to the range all that...
the radio was off (not surprising) so i thought hey why not put on some tunes?
401k enrollment form sits at bottom of desk drawer for 22 years
she cannot and will not do her things anywhere but grass outside, and even when outside - never near the place we live.
man old enough to know how rest of life pretty much plays out
widower misses sex with dead wife terribly
study finds college still more worthwhile than spending 4 years chained to radiator
and one of the main reasons is because we were only there for one night.
my wife thinks i'm the asshole because apparently walmart is "beneath" me and i was rude.
one particular comment on the board; the only comment that i distinctly remember being on there, was “white supremacist welcome”.
wibta if i sent a message asking for a picture, or is that too obsessive, and potentially friendship-breaking?
i don’t throw stuff around like a jerk but i definitely don’t stress over putting things back “nice” or in the right place sometimes.
i know i would be a little pissed if i couldn’t find a stall when i needed to go in a crowded place but when this happens i just go find another bathroom or wait.
i responded: "i had to mull this over, but i don't honestly see how our friendship will work.
area man pretty shaken up after running into casual acquaintance at cvs
as stupid as it might sound, but i think i know better than her and know that she would be happier with me in the end, both of us working in the same field, on a similar intellectual level.
knowing that i couldn't convince them, i said fine, but i had no intention of going.
hispanics expected to become majority of u.s. population by middle of father-in-law's rant
my reason for streaming on twitch has never been for money or to make a career of it.
aita for making a crude joke?
friends of band regret going to show
in return i filled his with extra fine glitter.
what bothers me the most is one of the games he and his sister host a dedicated server, so we are all just “out”.
while trying to reorganize our schedules, ex texted lis that i was *abandoning her!* had to explain that i was still going despite the sudden announcement, but my sister was going to stay home to finish a college paper due that tuesday.
god sick of new angel's annoying fucking voice
however, i'm still being treated like the asshole.
**the current problem**: we have been apart for 1.5 years now and both have new partners.
i haven't done or said anything (and don't plan on) and i am sure we will have a great time and i am excited to see her.
does this play into how you should act at a sporting event?
now obviously while you are pregnant that is perfectly fine.
length of relationship mistaken for quality of relationship
she also tells me shes on the road perpendicular to a large, main road.
aita for thinking it is good, that society is looking down on obese people?
i asked my aunt and grandmother to pray for my mod because she was sexually assaulted.
sorry for the extremely long read.
area man uses wtc attack as excuse to call ex-girlfriend
he (liam) also did some things to me that i just can't talk about and are illegal.
your family's here." unlike mg, pg still had a lot left in him, and it was heartbreaking that his bad habit caught up with him.
the insurance had a $100 deductible.
i used campus confidentials to meet a cute girl and fellow student.
responsibilities track man down inside dream
so i move in with her in l.a.
today i ran into wally world to try my hand at the needles again and picked up the ones with a blunt tip.
it was at this point she noticed a wallet on the 4 recently vacated seats, she sought out the driving license and low and behold, it belonged to mr a.
k so, come context (from said person i know): i have an account on an app that's like facebook but for porn.
i tell her every time i dont think she needs to diet.
i explained to her that the coolness factor she spoke of was merely her perception as a bit of a tomboy as a youngster.
report: it pretty incredible that americans entrusted with driving cars
bernadette peters comes up twice in one day
frugal couple saves money by making own porn
what's more is that one of her nephews is critically ill with a heart defect, and so charity to their family is important as it's helping to fund research for the treatment he needs.
it makes me sad because he has low self confidence when in reality he is an amazing person.
new iowa poll finds majority of democrats would vote for candidate named 'bobby cheeseburger'
and if they can’t do that then they should see a ticket back to whatever country they belong in.
i wanna know am i the asshole for pouring the drink out?
i ask why and she says how she feels neglected that i didn't message her for 3 months despite me writing some facebook messages that she didn't notice at the time.
i write out that i do not believe that this topic is an issue and list a few reasons why.
then out of anger i yelled at him: "move your ass out of this house 3, 2, 1" and becoming more angery the longer the sentence.
i was not invited to either christmas or new years.
aita for making a joke about vegan chili?
she said wasn't scared or anything just a bit shocked.
woman nervous for boyfriend to meet person she becomes around parents
she agreed, and then gathered the group of people that were going with her (4 other people).
satan refuses to accept any more catholic priests in hell
i thought it was comedy gold, the kids thought it was hilarious and now they have a story to tell.
they kicked me out of the room without my pants, so to the rest of the party goers i looked even worse as i'm standing there in my raggety boxer briefs while jenny was openly crying in behind the door.
elderly woman relieved to know she's tackled last technological advancement of lifetime
my coworker is a good person and decent teaching partner but today she drove me up the wall.
cvs now selling cheaper, cvs-brand 'people' magazine
i'd planned this weeks in advance.
i couldn't be arsed to remove the mushrooms so...
new-versus-old electric-slide confusion blamed in wedding-reception pileup
i don't smoke or drink and i'm pretty vehement against both of those things as they just make me uncomfortable and she knows fully that it's just a part of the relationship that we don't.
man spends long day at work waiting to go home and be lonely
i've also never stayed in that apartment.
news anchor wonders where all these great stories come from
some background details that may help.
i wont ask anybody to do something i wouldnt do.
girl: stop lying *blocks me* so, i came up with a backup plan: i had a friend, who was also male, follow the same girl, and start direct messaging her.
that she treats me like them or sometimes worst.
good luck with dealing with all of that, it’ll eventually get better no matter what i didn’t answer other group chat people: ”awkwaaard” gifs
this is a throw-away because my ex uses reddit frequently.
in which case we just brought an actual invader into our home.
my bf accidentally stirred up some drama earlier in the year and though he had good intentions basically my entire friend group hates him, except for maybe my closest friend.
he's was being naked and full on making out with light choking.
area man eats breakfast for dinner in desperate attempt to reinvent his life
aita for not being concerned that my fiance is mad that i ate most of the string cheese?
dont ask why, but for some reason i didnt want to disturb her smoking session.
chris hemsworth deputizes hunk to assume 'sexiest man alive' duties in his absence
car bomber given shittiest possible car
complete fucking idiot considers nikolai rimsky-korsakov russia's most inventive orchestrator
single woman has facebook profile picture with sister
toward the end of the summer/early fall, she started saying she’s always wanted a family and what not.
aita for leaving my friend who wanted a ride home from school?
celebrity saddened by death of other celebrity
designers opt to stick with last year's fashions
i think they were out of regret of her past mistakes.
we moved in, things were going along fine, i agreed to do the dishes (which i do every single day), i also sweep the house from time to time on my own accord, and do random cleaning stuff for her sake (cause i couldn't care less, screw cleaning).
from 8:30 to midnight if the newborn is hungry i’ll bring him to mom to feed/pump.
judge declares aerobics instructor too fit to stand trial
i agreed to leave her alone and give her time.
ron paul withholding presidential endorsement until true libertarian candidate enters race
i slam the glove box closed and tell him not to touch things in my vehicle.
fcc sentences artie lange to death
bob hope happy to see so many troops in heaven
we share a lot of the same interests, we've had a great friendship, we go to the same college, and he's the most attractive guy i've ever met.
now i’m here typing this in the sub.
i want her to be healthy and happy.
eventually he asked me to be his girlfriend and i agreed.
new york attorney general claims assaults were just him role-playing as unaccountable male authority figure
prison now allowing death row inmates to receive weekly visitors throughout executions
after-work drinks enter third excruciating minute
for those commenting on our relationship, it is a very strong & healthy relationship.
but really, was it really that bad of a prank?
plus i’m still getting over a 2 year breakup.
my first name is my dad's middle name and my middle name is my grandpa's first name.
the most we did was make out/touch, fully clothed.
starring in hollywood blockbusters los angeles man's only claim to fame
8-year-old palestinian boy pleasantly surprised he hasn't been killed yet
every monday, at 9:30, we have a 30 minute team meeting to review the previous week and establish what we'll be doing for the coming week.
its a packed venue, and parkings a bitch, so i offer to give my other friends a ride.
former lovers meet in coffee shop for one last cliché
there had been hollydays when we talked to each other for the first time again.
when i saw her last night, she had removed the case, and the screen was destroyed, with little glass left around the home button.
i was talking to another friend and ended up telling him my first friend’s idea.
frustrated writer tosses another crumpled-up laptop in trash can
" gets overly attached" is how my friend describes her regarding relationships.
how freaked out, angry and humiliated do you think that woman would feel?
(also the lock was broken and i didn't know that.
“i borrowed a chair from here a few days ago.
so she was upset about this and we have not talked for about 2 weeks aita for trying to be honest with my friend about what my problem was?
jim davis, guy who does 'heathcliff' get together for annual lunch to discuss doing cat cartoons
sighing trump sexual assault accusers announce they'll try coming forward again next week
and she just doesn't want to hear it.
fingerprints on bathroom stall hopefully just menstrual blood
this thing was so full she probably could've jumped in and swam about.
motor trend car of year stripped of title after appearing as hot rod centerfold
i was doubly upset because on tuesday i had come into work and joe was sick.
i miss them so much, but on the first day they came, i couldn’t get myself out of my room to speak with them.
i'd reserved dinner at little italy in advance and had movie tickets for afterwards.
aita for brutally motivating my gf's friend?
trembling, pallid rnc attendees undergo second day of firearm withdrawal
radio shack salesman 'a little out of it today'
restaurant patron seeking corroboration that soda is not diet
jihadist woman wishes her sons could be more like those tsarnaev boys
flu clinic selling 2009 version of vaccine for a few bucks cheaper
she wouldn't hardly talk at all.
gop warns refugees likely to be driven to terrorism by way america would treat them
aita: for lying to my girlfriend about my brothers debt tl: dr - given my brother some money to transferee to my girlfriend.
i felt like a piece of shit.
i understand he has a business to run and someone with a check in their hand today is much, much better than someone with a check in their hand four days from now...
we continue to argue about it for a while and he calls me clingy and problematic which is totally uncalled for.
huckabee decries obamacare's failure to help slow, cross-eyed cousin who got kicked by mule
embarrassed sony ceo announces new video game system
if i was to hire someone, with the express purpose of release, being safe and discreet, then i feel that that is somehow better than a hookup at a bar.
she says that my anger is a trigger for her that makes her angry.
&#x200b; she is going to be the one to pay the bill, which is fair enough but with more important bills to pay, i see sky as a luxury and should be passed until we can actually afford it as an extra.
it is my choice if i wanna enjoy my last day and not be at a stupid school thing.
lightning bolt blasts washington monument as mike pence, pete buttigieg locked in battle of prayers on national mall
the class ended shortly after and the professor pulled me aside to let me know that what i said was uncalled for, so aita?
preface: i sound like i smoke a lot of weed because i do..
recently canonized martyr added to vatican's animatronic hall of saints
eventually where the car shouldve turned if it were dylan disappeared and that made sense since i figured that he went home.
she said she hadn't actually gone and was out for a drive with mutual friend.
i’m genuinely curious to know what you guys think on this, because i’m open to the idea that i’m in the wrong.
the other 2 people were me and this guy who was ...
i respected that so i stopped playing and asked if we could facetime for a few min before he went to sleep.
but some how i ran a red light and got t boned.
she has a masters degree and a long career that would give her the ability to find another decent job.
aita for wanting to leave my wife and kids.
aita for telling people to do their own research?
my family composed of my 2 sisters, my dad, my mom and i know what we wish to have.
my neighbor called and asked that i get someone to at least remove the part on his yard - probably 10-15' or so of it.
was i wrong for not introducing myself when i am not an atmosphere model?
i calmly asked her to return the monitor i had lent her, and upon asking, she called me a selfish cunt, then blocked me on every form of social media.
i was pretty shocked and kind of hurt, so i finished making my lunch, and went to her room.
she pleaded that she just wanted us to be okay.
i respect her belief of no sex before living together/birth control/etc.
it's your round, after all, and you are going right by the bartender." they seem dumbfounded by this and again look at each other like i'm crazy for asking.
i'm actually going to put more on than i put yesterday.
cockroach worried about what kind of kitchen cupboard he leaving to children
so a few days ago now me and my friend were in berlin traveling for a small music festival that was held in central berlin.
visibly flu-stricken choir kid really dragging down whole christmas pageant
she asked me "do you like her ?" and i said yeah, she's hot.
new documentary focuses on life of eva braun's late husband
instead i left her alone in town in her, lets just say, "attractive" outfit with no way home (last trains to her place for the night had already left, so it was 2-3 hours till the first morning train).
i’ll get them the same type of item, but not the color or brand they specifically requested.
for context she often makes it seem like her class is the most important despite the fact that her class consists of dialoguing about hot button issues (race relations, gender identity etc).
aita for using the n word as a swear word.
i won't be getting anyone else a gift either because i can't afford to.
she and my dog have never gotten along for whatever reason.
it was the first time she's gone say without arranging "extra help" for me so i could take care of the duties of 2 people.
aita for not backing my mate over an insta account basically me and a group of mates had an insta account which we’d just post stupid stuff on.
sad man tears 2 bananas off larger bunch
but yesterday, that small 30 min.
two years ago her house appraised for $65k and my brothers thought there was at least $22k left on the mortgage it and had no interest in moving in or buying the property so it was verbally agreed i would buy and live in the house from the estate.
this whole exchange probably happened a month or two after i became single.
the most frustrating part is i’d honestly be surprised if this was coming from my son’s grandma and not his mom.
rather than calling people idiots or retards, i call them monkeys.
at the time, i was still my too nice for my own good gullible self, i couldn't simply end it by talking to her about it, even on a whim.
aita for making clear that i want a competent coworker?
i dont kill other critters but spiders make me really uncomfortable as i feel like they are more aware of me then other critters and are stealthy and agile
95 killed in rush for free flames in nigerian tanker fire
he says this in a joking manner but i still find it to be rude and hurtful.
annoying, well-adjusted friend even fucking meditating now
my friend b texted me last night at about 8pm asking me if i knew anyone who was doing lifts, because her mum was too drunk to pick her up from work.
(i usually wait about 1 to 1.5 hrs for her to end work as she have to work overtime and i will take about 1 hr and 15 mins to send her home and another 1 hr and 15 mins to go back my house).
feminist speech by woman was pretty much the same quality written wise but was just not said in a good tone, generally just sounded liked she was whining and fake crying, yet she got way better grades then i did.
6 months ago my girlfriend (19f) and i (21m) moved out of our parent's houses and into an apartment together.
i remind him i have a right to 30 days notice, which he obliges to but tbh i am really upset about the whole situation now.
avenue 2 = i approached everyone else at the party to inquire of her condition.
i want her to tell that side of the family that her daughter emily exist and what happened.
stomach sets aside synthetic additives until it has a few minutes to figure out how to digest them
he complained about a night of drinking we had.
wibta if i told my mom that she can't come to my graduation unless she fixes her dentures?
she is sad because her roommate is moving out over what everyone i know (even the people who don't like my post) agree are issue that the girl in red caused through her ocd, and plain selfish behaviour.
i told her i was extremely unhappy with what she had done and that she had no right to apologise on my behalf.
&#x200b; anyway my 18th is coming up and most of my friends work really late, so we can't hang out until nighttime, so i invited this girl to go and grab some dinner, just me and her, i offered to pay and she started saying how sweet it was, and how hyped she was.
i wish him a speedy recovery.
the asian kid started making racist jokes.
since we live considerably far from one another (65 km) and mainly because she's the only one having a car, since i'm disabled and cannot afford a car with the changes it would need, considering the things i would need it for, and she already had one, we see each other only during weekends.
after i talked to him about how he spends too much time on video games, he agreed to play it less, and he actually did.
i feel like this is no fault of mine, i'm also a really broke student.
this distrust caused a lot of issues in my family and i have always been seen as the black sheep child.
i am stealing his woman, but she always wants to meet me too and often asks me to come over.
romney during victory speech: 'man, this is a weak field'
if we ate out, it was once a year and a bean burrito from taco bell.
trump catches self briefly believing own campaign rhetoric
anyway, the neice said no to us getting it for her.
my dad is a good looking guy, is young (40), looks even younger (early 30's) and plays a lot of sports/gyms regularly.
aita for wanting to leave my girlfriend and pursue a new life overseas?
the comment was about something that had recently happened locally and i very much intended it to come off as a blatantly ironic statement.
to qualify (not to brag) - i am not an unattractive woman.
bananas again sweep primates' choice awards
my coworker compliments my car which i enjoy.
obviously, a lot of students (including me) are disappointed, since we will no longer be able to dress nicely and continue the tradition we’ve had for over a century, and a lot of people have been looking forward to dress up nicely since freshman year.
i made it very clear from the day she met him.
also, since my full-time job is basically studying, i don't do anything else.
increasingly desperate advertisers settle for more attainable 35-to-44-year-old demographic
we have been together for over a year.
magnanimous banker hires occupy wall street protesters
all of pregnant woman's favorite names used up on cats
experts: ebola vaccine at least 50 white people away
new report shows many u.s. businesses actually just fronts for moneymaking operations
it is audible in every room of my apartment, including when i wear headphones.
new louisiana abortion law requires fetuses be given jazz funeral march through the french quarter
at some point though, a black suv flew up behind me.
trump boys smash father's cell phone to search for chinese spies
her mother is a housewife, and her sister is much younger than her, so they live together.
so i try to think of a food that most people generally tend to enjoy and order it for them.
new vh1 show canceled for not being pathetic enough
more than $30 worth of burned cds stolen from residence
larry nassar: 'who among us hasn't made a mistake repeatedly and with wild, shameless abandon?'
so that is how i ruined my girlfriend's birthday.
i was listing to music so i didn’t know this kid was little; i assumed they were a spoiled adult.
and 2nd, would i be the asshole if i just kissed him/touched him and see how he reacts?
bride has to admit it'd be pretty exciting if someone objected at wedding
also after he said good night and before he hung up, i wasn’t rambling or yelling at him.
wibta if i broke up with her assuming i explain my full reasoning to her?
when we moved into our first place together i bought a 50 whatever inch tv and a wall mount to put it on.
aita for not going with my gf to the er?
i have no motivation nor reason to do that.
(may seem like im looking for advice but am not).
we were visiting big financial firms in the area, but this part of the trip we were socializing with alumni of our college who work in nyc.
i happily obliged and we sent him the video.
aita for never bringing food to a potluck?
my parents made the decision when they got married (again, i was only about 1 at the time) that i would grow up with her as “mom” and that was fine.
his mother would have wanted him to have 100% of her assets.
government squandering social security funds on cake
u.s. to offer tax incentives to companies that do not openly make world worse at every turn
federal law enforcement officials unveil new food-crime equivalency ratings
vain galápagos tortoise trying to pass for 90
nothing doing down louisiana way, fly-swattin' sources report
miracle dog gives birth to septuplets
i tried to stop her but she punched me twice so i got pissed off and let her go.
merv griffin leaves lifetime supply of jiffy pop to charity
paypal will not reverse the transaction for him because he’s sent me money before and they don’t see that it was a “fraudulent” transaction.
michael jackson's reputation for punctuality in ruins
just wanted to add that i did not know her age until she was actually in my bed.
i don't have a car or bike or even bicycle, so taking a trip there is pretty much impossible unless i want to sleep on the streets at night.
edit (from the female) i realized i buried the lead and made this much longer than needed so here it all is in a nutshell.
i keep a glock 19 in my glove box, a .38 snubnose in my drivers side door, and a brand new v3 tac 13 shotgun under the back seat.
so it was the day before valentine's day and i plucked up the courage to ask her out.
deutsche bank begins removing possessions from white house after trump defaults on loan
i ran into a girl i didn't like and we started arguing.
throwaway account because i don’t want to be bombarded.
so every friday i go to this extracurricular about 1 hour away from where i live.
the more seasoned players did not get themselves involved in the drama.
special 'framers' cut' of constitution to feature five deleted amendments
i got very sick about 5 years ago, to the point where i haven't been able to get out and socialise much, my socialising has been done online.
guinness forced to recognize bigger record book
turns out, my charger was melting and my pillow was smoking, which i assume means i was minutes away from a devastating electrical fire.
party guest figures bedroom dresser probably where host wants everyone to leave empty cans
no one else but you invited to creepy dave's debate party
&nbsp;&nbsp; she made obvious suggestions that there was something going on between me and erica in front of everyone, including tim.
study finds humans' greatest swing in mood occurs between leaving office for lunch, returning afterwards
he only gets one" to which i say "well you should give me both for waiting" i take only one and start to walk away, when i see second lady is still holding out the second one offering it to me.
she proceeded to yell at me for how untrained my dog was (he isn’t, however i got him from a german shepherd sanctuary when he was 2 and he was a handful back then) he’s perfectly trained now that he’s older and i haven’t had a problem with him since he was adopted.
&#x200b; so basically, aita for confronting her about taking acid?
over the past about year or so he has been hooking up with his secretary.
ted cruz's wife shudders after noticing twin beds pushed together
i don't know if that was one of her more favored songs and she felt a bit attacked or if she genuinely misunderstood me.
a couple hours go by, hours of us getting more and more worried, hours of us spamming his phone (which is ringing, just with no answer) so we debate what we should do.
he then proceeded to forward my info to his insurance company, who contacted me to start the claim process.
when we first kissed, we had been hanging out for a majority of the day; we were definitely “cuddly” and flirty to the point where it felt like we were dating, which is something i wasn’t really comfortable with.
to really drill his dislike home, he stared at my dog for a couple seconds before walking out onto his floor after an awkward elevator ride up.
i wanted a nice, quiet weekend.
i try to ignore it even though they never shut up during the entire time as i am not normally a confrontational person.
atlantic ocean excited to move into beautiful beachfront mansion soon
so i went for it on monday.
aita for getting into the milk and eggs?
i didn't want to but i did.
one of the assistant coaches, the b roster coach, told me that i would be the first priority, a roster, player for my role if i beat the other guy in internal matches.
adorable 23-year-old yelling about economic injustice must have just read howard zinn for first time
i already had work burnout before college from stressful shift work job, and it started to come back in these last few months.
houston residents begin surveying damage of 200 years of unchecked worldwide industrialization
tractor pulls now number-one use for u.s. tractors
okay so i’m an adult now (25).
aita for making fun of my friends skin color?
grandmother can't believe she hung on this long for granddaughter's lame-ass wedding
mind you, ive slept at his place several times and his roommate would stay up into the middle of the night,playing games.
scientists announce shrimp just as dumb as they thought
study finds majority of accidental heroin overdoses could be prevented with less heroin
brilliant, innovative ceo just wrote words 'social media' on whiteboard and underlined it
and then nathan went bankrupt and he flipped the board and yelled the f word.
aita for taking what i wanted from 7/11 when no one was there to ring me up?
i'm a lawyer that works at a small law firm (<10 lawyers, couple paralegals, couple accountants.) because we're so small most of us are acquaintances if not good friends.
we've been dating for a month or so now and honestly we have not talked about looks too much.
he starts yelling at me i yell back at him.
she left me on read again.
my fiance and i talked in the spring about getting engaged over this past summer.
wistful woman wonders if this could be the one she'll sleep with for few weeks before losing interest
the parking garage is building property and all equipment, be it shotgun, revolver, or tazer is locked securely in my range rover.
okie hears there's sam's club work in new mexico
he doesn't want to drive because he spends so much time in the car during the week and finding parking near home is a nightmare.
its not a huge deal but what do you guys think?
my girlfriend's mum loves abroad so she was his full time carer for her dad and kinda just gave her life to him.
i wouldn’t even know how to get in contact with a sex worker.
this project also took me 3 weeks and involved me using my friend.
should i cut this area of my personality out altogether?
i have had classes with this girl for two years now and i talk to her now and again, but she gets super flirty and i just don’t feel comfortable.
'whitey bulger ordered the murder of 19 people,' reports anonymous rat bastard
very specific food pyramid recommends two to three shrimp scampis per year
longtime reader of lib-slaves.info sick of mainstream bias on sites like wideawakepatriot.com
the guy did not deliver the food for over half an hour after it says he left the store.
we, obviously, speak english at home, but she has family local and stays in touch with family back home, so she speaks spanish pretty much daily.
roommates assured girlfriend only staying over for entire duration of relationship
i tried to tell him i got him the exact prices he expected .
man who pulls up with music pumping probably coming from someplace cooler
dormant supervolcano underneath yellowstone figures now as good a time as any
20-something thinking about maybe doing something funny with his facial hair
so i'm fairly socially inept and i have no issue with anyone based on the color of their skin.
'you're deleting your account? we'll be sad to see you go,' says facebook prompt showing user photo of own dead body
he likes to live independently and works once in a while.
what particularly surprised me was that they *unanimously* were against him coming.
since then, i’ve talked to my parents but none of us have brought up what happened.
this phonecall literally shook me to my core, and i am freaking out like crazy.
an important clarification: i have absolutely nothing against people with mental disabilities (other than some internalized prejudice i’m sure i have) and fully support them interacting freely with mentally abled people.
would i be an asshole for doing this, or is it reasonable?
family chooses different dog than reincarnated grandfather
it hurt me alot, she was the onl;y person i could rely on to talk to my problems about.
romney: 'we should never apologize for american values or japanese internment camps'
this hurts because i honestly think i am doing as much as i can.
also, she hates all my other friends, especially my lady friends.
nbc on olympics coverage: 'sorry we didn't alter the laws of space and time to accommodate people's schedules'
background story: my wife tends to not pick up after herself and likes to leave things in a place of least effort.
aita for still texting a girl who cheated on her bf with me?
so more recently they have just been friends, before i even came into the picture.
i took a picture last time and it’s the same ass car.
i also just genuinely enjoy him.
i explained that he should have looked at things from m’s point of view (being dumped into a chaotic group chat with a bunch of strangers, and three people she knows), and that not everyone can just be brought into something like this and be comfortable with everything.
apperently i was snoring, but not loud enough to bother others around me, at least that's what my friend said.
some more important details are needed here.
i think rape is vaginal or anal.
i find this funny, so i am pretending to be sleeping and never mention.
she gets really upset about it sometimes.
aita/who is the bigger asshole read his diary.
he's torn apart our family and thinks everyone in our house are more or less "incels" i know how everyone says we should try and be accepting.
she said everyone in her family knows, but they still gather to hang out like if nothing happened.
i [28f] work from home full-time, eight hours a day and five days a week.
i asked her if she hated me, because she spent time with him instead of me and didn't invite me.
album that has nothing on fleetwood mac's 'rumours' wins grammy award
aita for playing along with jokes making light of suicide in the presence of suicidal people.
turns out she didn't actually know what it meant.
man can't help but think he played small part in female coworker's success by not actively sabotaging her career
20 million americans without health care attend painful, labored march on washington
yesterday i came home to the house smelling strongly of bacon.
a few days later, i got a facebook notification.
a female classmate of mine brought up how female genital mutilation in some cultures in africa is totally immoral & shouldn’t just be written off as a “cultural difference that we should accept.” fair enough - can’t say i completely disagree.
trees planted in poor neighborhood mature just in time for gentrification
when home he was angry all the time and distant.
i wouldn't mind except it happens past 11pm and also around 630am.
both of our back yards have a maintained section that's fenced in, and then a stream, and then a giant part (an acre or more) that's left unkempt and wooded.
but she came down with no hesitation.
aita for yelling at my nephew and calling him a piece of trash because he knocked over my plate of food?
but my friends later told me that i shouldn't have experimented on a friend who trusted me, and that she probably didn't object to my touching only because she was internally confused about what's going on.
now we haven’t spoken in a few days and have realized i may be the asshole here.
she has been travelling in europe recently and just wants to get wasted and stay out till early hours of the morning.
magic-markered initials fail to deter breakroom rice-cake thief
i thought maybe it was my buddy dylan following me to make sure i got home safe since he only takes one turn different to get home so i thought thanks man in my head.
yoga teacher has way too much on plate to fuck any more students right now
overeager simpleton destroys that which he loves most
plus some people told me that the guy that i liked whos getting pulled out was actually a dick but i'm not sure, he gave me pizza once and chatted with me for no reason other than to be nice.
i laughed too, they were (kinda) funny.
man on weird fad diet where he eats flavorful meals that make him feel good
i am very protective of her.
police department reduces costs by using same evidence for every investigation
new 'game of thrones' teaser shows cackling, power-mad george r.r. martin burning completed 'winds of winter' manuscript
during the next year we talked about it often, and eventually he reluctantly agreed to let me see another person if someone came around.
it's not like he was upset about me ruining his stuff, he was just upset on principle.
i sent him my resume to look over, which he did.
mueller combs through dozens of damning white house emails he was accidentally cc'd on
this situation is a little bit similar to a popular post on here from the other day.
report: that whole side of family just like that
we didn’t see each other often and it was kinda weird but kinda working.
aita for not liking the potential new house my family is going to rent?
&#x200b; so yeah all in all wibta if i made panhandlers go through those hoops to earn my help, questioning them, asking for their i.d and making them do a small job?
she said that that while i'm talking with her children she insisted i keep in mind the reason for the holiday.
i got really mad and eventually she just blocked him to make me happy.
something weird about local anchorman's eyes
a man has to conduct himself with a certain degree of gentlemanliness, if you will.
twitter announces there no trending topics today
&#x200b; &#x200b; i'm going to school in a large city on the coast of the us, i switched colleges from a cheap to more expensive school, thinking it would be better for my major.
report: employers created 40,000 new jobs for existing employees last month
bill clinton resting up to sit upright at next debate
i'd probably do it again given the chance.
he does pay for a part of my college.
like what if i didn't open it and she opened it without me knowing what the picture was.
she also brags about the $2,000 bottles of tequila she loves *"and i drink allllloottttt of that tequillllaaaaaa!"*.
chinese guy still insisting it was him in front of that tank
am i better off without her?
i just got accepted into computer engineering at a school and i had a couple of questions so i thought emailing the undergraduate coordinator for my major made sense.
after a while, she got comfortable and finally started giving me handjobs.
wedding photographer keeps calling bride's parents 'mom' and 'dad'
when i texted him the conversation was seemingly good, and he informed me he was an "aspie".
john himself seems really shocked and hasn't talked to me since.
for years, he has been driving drunk due to his alcoholism and has little to no regard for others around him as long as he has a cold one in his hand.
we played jeopardy, and the categories were absolute crap.
nursing-home resident receives $5.25 worth of care per hour
i’m sticking firm to my decision because i know it’s the best for her safety even if she’s thinks i’m being a massive asshole right now.
so obviously, the end of mod comes around at one point and she realizes she is failing.
which is why he left my mom playing with them while he went around the back of the house to grab a wheelbarrow.
jack palance still dead at 87
cigar aficionado magazine, smokes one or two a week, and knows his stuff.
graffiti artist completes masterwork 'still life of marijuana leaf'
it’s not fair to me but i’m hoping to marry this girl eventually and hope that she’ll sexually blossom in the years to come.
now my gf told me to call her and say i'm sorry, which i am not at all, in my opinion it was the only way to motivate her.
i wondered why it had taken them a year to tell me this, but agreed that i would not smoke if their door was open.
nate silver ages 40 years after accidentally using polling projection model on self
i was at the local gym and was really pumped to try a new workout routine i read about.
i hurt my knee doing like press at the gym a few days back, and my doctor told me to rest my leg whenever i could.
we become so close that she even video calls me without her clothes on, she just doesn't even care anymore as we've become that close.
again though i was in a different room screaming at the machine not her.
truther jihadist wishes al-qaeda had committed 9/11 attacks
(i asked g about this, and she didnt know what to say bc she didn't really understand how it does actually mean that).
congress agrees to $1.3 billion for protective border fencers
i pay for all my leisure expenses from video games to dinners with my gf.
so i say i should punch him and i'm sick of your shit.
i conclude by angrily telling them that i intended to work my ass off, and that if they wanted to skimp on something so important, it's their funeral.
dude: (4:09pm) twenty min ops g: (4:10pm) cool.
some of them were even polyamorous, which i am also not into.
self-conscious man clearly the only one in japanese restaurant unsure how to use water glass
he had 2 cell phones, 2 e-mail addresses, etc.
i know it's only been a few months and he's still grieving his mother, but would i be the asshole if i gave him the ultimatum of either quitting within a certain timeframe or me moving out (or he moves out, but obviously i can't force that as it's his home too)?
my life has completely turned around since i found my faith.
a while ago, i heard about a life pro-tip where if you order french fries at a restaurant without salt, they have to make a fresh batch for you.
area ladle named secretary of soup
he then decided to spring this on me and my parents/siblings on new years eve as a "surprise".
since then, we've both gotten so's.
the baby is usually up by 6-7 so she takes him out of our room (he doesn't have a nursery) in order to let me sleep better without interruption, which i really appreciate.
instead of being happy for them or being happy about the money i won, i'm extremely envious about it, especially since they do not want to share with me.
but then he watched episode after episode, i grew tired and sleepy and just wanted to rest.
porn-store change machine gummed up again
i did not tell him this, until he came back from holiday this year.
so some context, my boyfriend and i have been going out for some time, i love him for bits and could never imagine being with anyone else.
quickly he quipped that the children's phones were none of his concern and hung up on me.
great relationship but i tend to be on the untrusting side because of being cheated on in the past (boyfriend and two of my best friends...yuck).
the last week or two, he's gotten a new job and things have been a lot happier between us, but i still worry about the long-term compatibility of our relationship.
it's been 3 days and i honestly think she's going too far.
mom starting to fear son's web series closest thing she will have to grandchild
increasingly paranoid campbell's begins stockpiling all its soup to prepare for doomsday
yup, i had an exam on the morning of december 11th.
i know this boy because his sister and i used to go to the same high school, and she wasn’t exactly the nicest to me.
the baby mama doesn't work at all, dropped out of college and has my brother (technically my parents since it's their money) provide her the basic necessities.
i believed this was 100% fair, but re-telling the story to a friend she said i should only have demanded $100, since that was the replacement cost.
these were the last word before i inflicted damage to his vehicle with my fist and helmet.
she said multiple times to me that she was surprised at how sweet and kind i was.
i know you were wanting to buy the bedroom suit off me but i needed help moving and my brother in law offered in exchange for the bedroom suit so i accepted.
i'll come over to talk with my brother, and she's playing sims 4 with a giant sink full of dishes and an overgrown law.
colleges send out reminder to graduates that 2008 degrees about to expire
aita for doing my own mechanic work i drive a 1988 trans am and i was going to get my oil changed one day since it had been about five or six months since i got my last one.
empty inner tube ominously exits mouth of lazy river
inmates scrambling to replace whitey bulger in prison production of 'guys and dolls'
the reason why i broke up with him is because i wasn't sure if i wanted to spend the rest of my life with him (he always said i'm his true love and he cant imagine anyone else at his side), also partly because my parents pressured me to leave him, they never explicitly said i should dump him, but they always hinted it.
fog machine heightens drama at children's piano recital
sexually awakened peta president announces that being kept in a tiny cage all day actually sounds hot as hell
driving instructor has own gas pedal in case student total pussy
ok so we arrive to my place and i make us drinks.
so i go “oh i don’t know which day i’m free because i’m going camping with my family” hoping she’s gonna get the hint.
so aita for getting annoyed at (probably) not being invited to a family event even though i wouldn't have gone and as such ghosting my mother?
while that is a part of it, that's not what annoys me.
trump: 'i remember flying the plane that bombed the uss arizona during pearl harbor'
but then i come home to my girlfriend...and i didn't feel attracted to her anymore.
at this time i started planning to take her to our mutual team's championship game the following weekend.
tomato genetically modified to be more expensive
my aunt fostered a kid a few years ago and just recently adopted him.
now, i’ve been looking at where my life is and i realize i’ve made a lot of mistakes.
'mad men' premiere features group of actors who are scared to death of never making transition to film
in my head, i thought i'd just let him drop me there and then i'll take an uber back home.
i just feel disrespected, as i know my parents wouldn't do the same to my girlfriend.
i even talked to my psychologist about it and he said its only because i feel normal on medication.
kid with massive head probably psychic
jenna bush's federally protected wetlands now open for public drilling
report: most americans can't even name their state's shadow lord
open to suggestions on how to fix this or not be an asshole.
report: there probably not the best place to stand
but that’s an entirely different story.
the next morning i go to the gym and this insanely hot girl that i have become friends with is there as well.
pope loses keys to vatican city
my so (now ex), me, and our (at the time) 17mo daughter were invited to dinner with one of his friends and his buddy's wife.
scientists say newly discovered earthlike planet could support robust economy
everything she owns, she works very hard for.
the shit storm this has caused with her family was something i wasn't prepared for.
hair salon acquires rare nagel print
ted cruz skyrockets in polls after head permanently sealed within iron mask
recently, he started talking to this woman that goes to our gym.
so i messaged her telling her i wanted a breakup, telling her my situation and she basically didn't give a shit.
as much as i want to make up with her, we can't seem to meet eye to eye on the issue.
now believe me when i say i don’t support racism, because it’s disgusting, but i don’t think it’s racist (unless you mean it to be) to tell jokes and laugh at them.
&#x200b; there is a girl in my choir.
if i had said you were driving at dangerous speed or put them in danger i would consider either of those an accusation.
holocaust film appeals to believers and skeptics alike
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: well there are ways to say this & that feels aggressive, you probably know...what do i know??
d concludes the 44 minute call with “we shouldn’t be getting this upset about something as silly as a group chat”.
so me and a group of friends tried to help him out.
new job posting on craigslist clearly for secretary of the interior
concerned nation gently encourages boston to take it easy this st. patrick's day
university admits it pretty weird they let bunch of 20-year-olds live in big mansion and torture each other
i get that people have to pee but i don't want to risk a concussion or worse for that shit.
i'm in the us and it's legal in my state, however i am under the age.
they hated that i was gay.
if the fries aren't cooked or someone forgot to drop new fries to replace the cold stale ones, that affects everyone in line not just the lead car.
&#x200b; as a precursor this is not a story about me but about one of my best friends, who i have known for 16+ years and so am intimately familiar with her family dynamics.
when we moved up to secondary school, most friends went to a different school than the one me and a went to and we didn't see them as much or as often, so me and a ended up becoming closer friends than before.
my friend has a big crush on a girl.
am i the asshole, and if so, how big of an asshole?
i said no, because i didn’t want m to be uncomfortable.
we are both from english speaking countries, but i have some ability to speak german and he does not.
we talked about how cool and fun this would be if it ever went live, and that was the end of that.
she made a comment about my daughter being so interested in her and by way of explaining i told her she's the first "person of color" my daughter's ever met.
i know it's gross, but that's just how i feel.
when he starts making a lot of noise, either the wife or the husband would have to leave the table to take care of him.
mike pence training for vice presidential debate by hitting punching bag with climate change study taped on front
i still haven't deleted her from snapchat and all that.
and before someone says omg you look at girls in the gym...come on, literally every guy glimpses now and then and because they are literally all round you its kinda hard to not see sometimes.
we've hung out a lot and had multiple sleepovers and he's generally a great guy.
needless to say, it didn’t go over that well and she didn’t reply to me after i accused her of trying to bait me into a conversation about it endlessly.
editing again because no one seems to understand, my ex is a close friend, someone i’d consider my best friend, and there’s no feelings between each of us.
how can you be this gloomy when your living the good life?
new preventative drug would kill people before they get alzheimer's
surgery required for new sexual position
the timing of it was right from the last time he's seen her (kid was about 2 years old) and she claimed that she didn't know who the baby's father was at first but now was certain it was him and she needed him in his life.
the next day, she didn't show up in class.
overall i feel bad for agreeing that date the night before breaking up with f but does that make me an asshole?
should i forgive him or force him to go to consoling for his sodomy and homosexuality.
berkeley campus on lockdown after loose pages from 'wall street journal' found on park bench
area man determined to get money's worth from pay toilet
after a couple seconds, she's says "okay" like she's done talking, leaves the room to take some shots with her roommate and then leaves me in the apartment soon after.
but what's funny is that tristan doesn't really seem to care at all but whenever his mom asks him he unenthusiastically says yes.
dean mentions he'd make a great secretary of health and human services
it was some sort of crazy girl shakedown because the real father wouldn't buy her a car or some such craziness that people get themselves into.
we then spent the rest of the night chatting amicably as if our fight had never happened.
determined restaurant patrons tough it out on chilly patio
campus tour guide reminds students at each stop they have to get in first
saw sparks immediately, fell hard for him within the first few dates, he says he fell just as hard.
he just stayed there for a solid ten seconds.
i pmed all of them, none actually went well, but i'll talk about one person that really stood out, let's call her a.
friend wondering if you can catch him up on what happened in previous 7 seasons during 'game of thrones' title sequence
this year, she wants to go again.
green bay taxi driver has seen whole heck of a lot
this feeling turned out to be correct.
health insurance ceo reveals key to company's success is not paying for customers' medical care
so i am with mum to airport, pick sister up, takes about 30 minutes all together.
she insists that what happened wasn't my fault.
the only reason i looked this girl up was to check her out.
they proceed to say that i was out of line for shooting him down like that.
bitchy girlfriend just asking for anne hathaway to swoop in, steal man away
indoor grill owner can't wait for start of autumn
me: no, i’m lactose intolerant and don’t have cash.
that would mean for all of us staying in one house, a 5 bedroom house would be required.
however, i feel like there is something seriously wrong with the way she had been treating me.
so i was at the pool over the summer with lots of my family cause we just wanted to chill.
i have spent way too much time on the phone with them trying to sort it out.
normally i would never lie about something like this.
we talked about some stuff and i gave him my advice on her (he didn’t know her as well as i do).
so my sister, mom and i were at disney cause i had a concert, and we all were having a conversation, mainly about politics and such.
she says "i have a boyfriend.
edit 3: for those arguing about wrapping and how i'm the only who cares, what on earth are your christmas' like?
you're free to skip it and just read the issue, but it might help to get some of the background.
aita for blowing off my friend on an assignment i said i would do a day before exams?
the book was returned yesterday by my sister, and when she got home she asked me why i didn't say thank you for borrowing the book.
empty beer bottle released into wild
i’ve met him a few times.
if anyone would like more information on this, i’m glad to provide it.
free-thinking cat shits outside the box
she moved all her stuff out before christmas break and hasn't told me where she's going.
wibta: shipping shit i run a business and sell sneakers.
it has shit in the entry room 5 days in a row.
here’s where i decided to be an asshole.
this makes me feel as though i am doing the right thing yet it feels so shitty to tell her that we are going to be okay whenever she brings up university.
update: 'the onion' has halted production on our travel tips video narrated by jeremy piven
man losing respect for incompetent boss who won't fire him
prizes on price is right looking better as man ages
at the same time she starts pursuing me.
nation tired of having to skim past headlines about apple, samsung lawsuit
i stiffened my back and firmly told them i'm an adult, asking politely to other adults to stop prying into my personal life and this would be the end of the discussion.
i'm an non traditional read -old medical student with adhd.
'walking dead' writers regret naming every single character 'rick'
we have gone on those weekend trips for each others birthdays, etc.
nation savoring every moment of glorious late-february, early-march days
wild-eyed sears ceo convinced these the flannel pajama pants that will turn everything around
i understand in hindsight that's fucked up for using his place as an escape.
i check out of the hospital and i can’t stop thinking about her, so naturally i try to find her on the internet.
aita:failed mentorship aita: someone i was good friends with and helped her improve her drinking and hooking up habits literally hooks up wasted in front of me.
noncompete clause in lease bars tenants from living anywhere else for 90 days after moving out
i’ve stayed home since she was born and lately i’ve been asking hubby about hiring a part time nanny so i can get a break in the mornings.
five months later i felt horrible and i felt so alone, so i texted my ex, telling her i really missed her and that i loved her and she coldly told me to stop contacting her.
i was already going to miss half my class to make it to the original venue (1 hour 20 by bus, 15 min walking), i could not risk going on the new route - i was on academic thin ice (as in i could be kicked out of the college for a year if i failed).
i have never had a one night stand before, and i was afraid that it would make me feel depressed because of all the stories i've read about how post orgasm makes some guys feel worse.
i don’t feel like i’m asked for a lot here, just a few minutes on facetime is all.
my sister in law who is the wife of my wifes brother asked my wife to throw a baby shower for her.
bride and groom clearly have not kissed much
aita for hoping sex workers get audited?
these girls go to cotillion classes and all that jazz.
guy sipping energy drink on subway probably heading off to snowboard in x games or something
mcdonald's prints calorie count right onto meat
dad announces plan to honk when he's out front
i told him off and told him he was a jerk for that.
i feel like an asshole for stressing him out over this.
i have a short attention span and find most of them cookie-cutter and not entertaining.
it's a couple who we're both pretty close with, but they are closer to my partner (his former colleague).
relationships take work and effort, that includes being patient with your partner and asking twice if that’s what it takes.
mom saw a bunch of photos from women's march online
but as i said it was okay that meant i liked the film and she doesn't have to go with me to this one as she doesn't like it.
i don't know why but when i was buying gifts, i immediately thought of it as a way to be better than him at it.
he thinks we have to focus on one, i say life is short let’s do both.
i was repeating that meme from a few years ago where there was way too much mayo and the guy calls it a mccum sandwich.
all of this eats at me but him revealing the difference in our pay enrages me.
gap forced to recall pants after man dies eating 37 pairs of corduroys
instantly she mentions how i *must* wear pants(that need be long enough to cover up said ankle monitor, no shorts allowed, i'm in fl btw) so the other room mates and neighbors do not see.
and it set off a trigger of doubt in me.
after that, most people got at least a bit traumatized.
paleontologists determine dinosaurs were killed by someone they trusted
annual teeth cleaning reveals three previously unnoticed rows of teeth
weird new cereal sets tone for first weekend at divorced dad's
i agree she can stay if she transfers to another location.
three of us were partying pretty hard and planning to go out once dressed.
i tend to fart and make loud shits when i use the bathroom.
the movie starts and about 10 minutes in a guy in a soft neck brace (cast?) walks in with his lady friend and an employee.
aita for donating to charity instead of buying christmas presents?
i used to go with him when he found piecework, i was in college and sorely needed the extra cash.
and why would you reject someone who loves you for thoughts and hobbies?
aita for getting pissed at someone not allowing me to follow their car into a gated community?
cousin and her boyfriend are not back yet.
report: middle class running dangerously low on things to be squeezed out of
musical the kind with number about putting on a show
liability waiver carefully lowered into mine shaft
because of misc reasons not really relevant to this, i am moving out of this house.
aol/time warner turmoil over-reported, says time
kanye west announces his new name is tim
that concerned me and i got scared i had sex with her while she was blacked out.
i thought i had made it clear to him that it would stay at our house, but when i was getting ready to take him home he asked me how we were taking the piano.
i told her to throw it away.
so i asked her politely if i could run down to the art room, fix a small hole and then turn it in.
the bathroom was right outside the class so it wasn't too far away that i had to wait for the bell, but all the others were.
part of it on my side is guilt because i think their relationship may have changed when bf and i became a couple, a year ago now.
grandson's jigsaw puzzle strategy fucking pathetic
iran ready to talk about how awesome nuclear program is
aita for upsetting my mum for telling her to take back my new school shoes my mother has recently had changes at work that mean she doesn’t have the same amount of money as she used to, but she still acts as if we have the old amount of money.
tldr: girlfriend wants me to attend her sons birthday because she wants me there, and she wants me to meet her family.
astronomers confirm moon will have dozens of new phases in 2019
my roommates have been using my room as a guest room without my consent, and also have their stuff in my room.
it seems harsh, i know, but i think it's harsher to live believing in such a foolish dream like they think.
so we had $300 to blow.
i apologized immediately and told her i will try to structure my words better so that this doesn't happen in the future.
fed-up brookstone body-massage chair now only entertaining serious buyers
nation's sound engineers gather to talk about their ponytails
he’s a little mad that i don’t defend his sensitive ears.
it was an awful experience, with an obvious atmosphere and my girlfriend making jabs and me, dumping me (she didn't mean it) and making comments about my coworker being a lesser person, because her job isn't so great salary wise.
i am an 18 yr old female i am currently rooming with a friend whom i love dearly.
he tells me that he is hurt more that i'm bringing it up.
so my boyfriend of a few months knows that i cam on the side to make ends meet.
hope in students' eyes too much for screenwriting teacher to handle this week
she has over 5000 unique titles in her collection.
man guessing he's stared at giant sequoia long enough to appreciate it
pretty devastated and just moving into a new city i was really just lookin for someone to help me out.
i do like to have some schedule to do things around the house, have a long soak in the bath watching tv, do chores etc!* *let me know your thoughts on this please.* *5:16 pm* **by the logic of this message, you didn't wish to do anything with me tonight nor this weekend.
however it wasn't long until a security guard noticed how drunk my friend was and attempted to kick him out.
collapsed mine used as excuse to stall coal extraction
so today, she mentioned something about our teacher, and i responded with an admittedly sarcastic remark.
and i still want to support her for the immediate future.
in total, between work and social, she's been gone about \~60 days total in the past year.
my relationship with people is usually very shallow and centered around drinking or drugs as i don't really know how to get beyond this point.
a little bit of context: my senior gf in college was recently given a car by her parents.
they repeat the line of “democracy man” back to me, but pa is not here to defend herself.
for our "final", we would all play each other's games and give feedback.
this guy is going to be staying with him over the summer even.
they start bringing up how julia was made fun of because of her breasts and how men in public wolf whistle and from that, they say that “if someone makes a comment about a woman and she finds it offensive, then it’s sexist.
edit 2 : fixed a spelling error
70 percent of americans in favor of watching iraq get bombed on tv
however as i get older and i approach the big "three zero" i desire a real relationship.
i felt like this solved the problem.
melania's staff asks for privacy from president while she recuperates
'he's not right for you,' report relationship experts who must not want to see you be happy
english teacher on first date in ages lets dangling modifier slide
marilu henner named u.s. secretary of mid-level talent
obama finally reveals nature of his work to daughters
man who just purchased 3,000 rounds of ammunition online perfectly sane, thinks man processing order
i was definitely the aggressor during this whole thing, but am i the asshole?
then, i got so close to the deer that if i had reached out my arm, i'd be able to touch him.
i show him off to some off my family friends as my own personal jewl, and recently my best friend and i have had a competition to see who can get the most affection and the best response from him.
dental hygienist angered by lack of flossing
his computer was left on the desktop screen so i copy one of his desktop shortcuts (i don't remember which one) and spam ctrl+v until the screen is filled (a pretty old trick, people have done this one dozens of times, but i didn't have time for creativity).
'nothing would surprise me at this point,' says man who will be shocked by 8 separate news items today
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: "just your guild members unable to control themselves nbd" &#x200b; &#x200b; me: to reply to your message, what reason have i given them ( to be against us ) what have i or anyone in done to them.
i said that i wanted to have sex, but she quickly mentioned that she didn’t feel ready.
all of the sudden a few things clicked in my head that made me enraged 1.
she texted me a few times throughout the week asking me what the problem was and what she did wrong, but i just kept telling her i didn't wanna talk about it and eventually ignored her (or responded very late) to her messages.
i don’t know how to go about opening the discussion about restarting our relationship without ‘going behind her back’.
target pulls all sponsorship from publicly ignored syrian conflict
aita for “stealing” my friends phone?
touching jewelry is the worst, and can induce chills and nautia for me.
man still worried parents of ex-girlfriend from 7 years ago hate him
elderly man spends quiet afternoon in national park feeding trout to eagles
underfunded school lacks resources to calculate student-to-teacher ratio
area man nostalgic for time when ads targeting him not as sad
scientists say u.s. may have discovered previously unknown level of not caring about syria
usc insists lori loughlin's daughter was admitted solely based on socioeconomic background
i insisted that it was my car my rules and wished they would finish their food, that they didn't pay for, but they got snippy and gave a small quiet treatment.
&#x200b; at the time i was around 19 and lived alone in my own apartment in a city center.
i asked for feedback at the end, and nobody had any criticism to offer.
background story: i’ve been playing fortnite (yeah yeah i know fuck me) since season 2 with a squad of my friends.
i felt bad because i understand that they mostly work for tips in service jobs.
i said i don't think that guy needs these specific seats to watch the movie.
i worry he's never going to come back so i go into self sabotage mode and follow him, hiding his keys, yelling at him, slamming doors.
he made a big post just to get upvoted and talked about how we were “spamming” that sub.
i answered to the best of my ability, and bf said he would be happy to meet her and answer those questions himself, but she blatantly refused to meet him, saying the sooner we broke up, the better.
it seems to us that our request was totally reasonable, and that our roommate was basically banking on all of us footing the bill for him to sit around over break.
she told me that i hadn't at all because she said yes, but i said that i feel like i have, because she said no multiple times, and each time i asked her if she was sure and if there is no possibility that she doesn't want to do something else.
aita for telling my brother to shut up because he always sings so, i always tell my brother to stop singing, since he randomly does it.
aita for breaking up with my [m15] girlfriend [f15] after she, um, literally shat herself?
she opens up to me that she and her husband are separating, which makes sense because he hasn't been seen around work for awhile.
300 million without electricity in india after restoration of power grid
she has a really high sex drive and just about every time we are together she wants to have sex.
area man under impression he got dressed up
my colleagues haven't been hit by the table leg and we're pretty much like my just standing at the side of the hallway.
but she really wanted to stay at this club.
i have been dating a girl for a few months and it seems to be going well, but we live in different cities, about an hour from each other.
i always open doors for women, offer a hand if something they're carrying seems too heavy, seat on public transport, etc.
apple becomes first american company that should have paid trillion dollars in taxes
most of our conversations are about jeff being worried about his future or reminiscing about his past crushes, which in turn makes me feel depressed.
scott pruitt nervously picks up walking pace as hundreds of whooping cranes begin silently perching around him
dirty slush machine provides children in florida taste of winter
aita for doing a sort of silent treatment to my gf?
epa warns human beings no longer biodegradable
i didn’t really want to tell her, as i wanted to stay out, but just felt bad for the poor guy.
was i an asshole for going?
it’s been 2 and a half years since we’ve had sex or any other intimate action.
point of story apparently that man ate at restaurant
then one of my other cousins (17) says "we're going to an escape room and then going bowling, so the music and sounds may be too loud for him.".
report: key goes in but won't turn
pushy hermit crab girlfriend wants to move in
new harry potter film turns children on to magic of not reading
child blissfully unaware of motel swimming pool's sordid past
i got mad and told him the whole point of this was to spend time together and if he left for 4 hours to get his drugs it would defeat the whole purpose of the trip.
presidential commission announces no candidates met threshold to compete in second debate
i appreciate this, but i meant that my boys could date when they were 16.
leaving no one behind to do any type of hotfixes or anything in case something went wrong.
he said if i said one more thing about it than he was gonna tackle me, me not being one to cave so easily i made another joke about it.
my girlfriend is also very close with my family so it may be awkward afterwards.
i think that if someone plays soccer with us, they should join us for other things as well, as part of the group.
i told her i had had plans for tomorrow and had to figure out how my family and i would do.
anonymous source informs bob woodward he hasn't been relevant in 40 years
she's never hit me or even raised her voice really.
i had an appointment in the city on tuesday and a job interview on tuesday.
she told me i'm an asshole.
she says it's so she can practice driving but i know she only does that for a couple hours at most.
because of that, i opened a paypal case.
i just went to my room and haven't spoken to her since yesterday.
and honestly, this kid would love to play with it now.
i know he's a terrible person.
that he should be my partner, my buddy, and that i want nothing more that to walk by his side.
parrot's previous owner obviously watched a lot of the price is right
woman pays full price for carpet during one-day-only non-sale
later on i saw l and mentioned this to her because i felt like she had a right to know what m had said about her.
(she had trouble with her ex-bf who was telling her what to do all the time).
first of all, my hearing is absolute garbage so i usually don't know when i'm talking loud or listening to things too loud.
the vehicle behind him was an old white truck that needed a good wash.
she even invited me as her partner for her graduation party in february, so that must mean something atleast right?!
i’ve given some thought as to whether this could be a deal-breaker for me, but i feel like an asshole for even thinking about breaking up with my partner over something like this.
male substitute teacher with ponytail cloaked in mystery
my sister wants to get a second dog.
i apparently said $300 and went right back to sleep.
edit - i love this woman.
god recalls collaborating on joint vision of humanity with deceased creative partner
glass-encased ar-15 behind gun shop counter in safest hands it will ever be
aita to eat my sister's expired food from the shared fridge?
long story short: we have 6 backyard chickens that can hop out 4 foot fence and spend time eating all the bugs in my neighbors’ yards and pooping.
i usually put up with it.
to clarify, this is a high school course.
'the case, mr. kerry, give me the case,' demands malaysian ambassador holding dangling john kerry from petronas towers skybridge
man grateful to live in society where mattress disappears if left on sidewalk for a couple days
we started to find it boring and i felt like i was holding the group down, so i made up excuses not to go.
we've been talking for 10 days now or so, and we are already planning to start dating once she moves out her.
and here's the big fuckup: once i had about a car length of space, i gave him another break check.
the exact details of what we were doing aren't important, but i was pleasuring her and it was very obvious that she was extremely into it and was having potentially the most enjoyable sexual feelings of her lifetime.
christian couple staying together for sake of god
man adds a few personalized tracks to standard new-girlfriend mix cd
edit 2: alright, i've heard you all loud and clear and the general consensus seems to be that i am an asshole.
so, remember, since i have her account, i go on and see if she's talking about me.
a few days later i was down in the dumps after getting rejected by some girl.
in the beginning everything was good.
i see some of these people tell the same sob story everyday such as being short for a fare to get home.
i am one of those people who like to make a few plans in advance.
and already from the last year, i've had my own circle of friends.
i would have gladly turned down the volume on stuff, or talk quieter but i had no idea it was even an issue.
most of the time they began to eviscerate them, no matter if the article was genuine or not.
she starts saying stuff along the lines of "you have to help me.
undecided debate viewer waiting until he hears same responses for seventh time before making decision
i told my youngest son this, and my wife is very upset that i told him.
because of the fact he's been out if school we haven't seen much if each other since then but today he asked if i wanted to sleepover.
however, at this point, she couldn't wait \~1 hour for me to be ready to go pick out the tree and i feel like her inexplicable need to get the christmas tree right this second when we hadn't planned anything (and trees would still be there an hour later) means that her neuroses are more important than doing christmas things with her daughter.
this is where it gets juicy.
stormy daniels, james comey arrive at white house for state dinner
i have only a few pictures and don’t know much about her.
so we are really good fake 'friends' right.
i've also talked to her about creating a schedule with her brother, so that once a week or fortnight i can sleep in the spare bedroom and leave her to do her own things, but after telling her this she tells me that her brother is quite spontaneous and her gaming sessions with him don't have any decent notice of time.
aita for not wanting to waste food?
he did help me so much with my bulimia, but i relapsed when we broke up.
scientists warn all plant life dying within 30-yard radius of ted cruz campaign signs
study finds leading cause of depression hearing words '2016 frontrunners'
aita for telling my friend's parents that he smoked, got drunk and took drugs?
wedding vows explicitly mention price of ceremony
she said the second nurse was very offended.
he thinks i was making a way too much big of a deal about „just a shirt.“ and not accepting his point of view (which is true, i am not because i think he‘s being a jerk.) while i understand that this is his now, i think this attitude is really disrespectful in any case towards the giver.
aita for not saying "what" when my mom calls my name and, instead saying "mom".
evolution definitively proven as scientists capture first-ever footage of chimpanzee transforming into human
&#x200b; i recently told a good friend all this and she said i shouldn't have done it.
abc camera immediately cuts away after showing harvey weinstein sitting at oscars
maybe a small bit of chub.
report: only .00003% of things that happen actually matter
last-ditch climate change report provides locations of weapons, current whereabouts of oil executives
seeing eye dog really blows off some steam in dog park
he asked me to waste my time trying to log in so he'd know if the problems ever got fixed.
so we are a team and both are reliant on the other for keeping a good progress.
rex tillerson blindsided by news he still worked for state department
songs that are always on in background expected to win big at grammys
i share all my passwords with him, even my bank password, because i trust him.
trump accuses voters of meddling in midterms
it's an extra 2 bills a month but so worth it.
i know what we did it was wrong but we did it together.
she goes hysterical, cries and threatens to call the police.
i said “just because you believe the world is one way, doesn’t mean it is.” they seemed really upset and it’s been bothering me for a while.
the team captain told me that if they didn't like me and want me, they wouldn't have done so much for me...
impoverished monte carlo family forced to live out of racecar
lettuce sentenced to slow, painful death in vegetable crisper drawer
so i posted the big chungus anthem as a joke.
we both did these things without ever complaining, and really cherished many of those moments.
she maintains this is what she's going to do, but she will buy something for her dad, which i wholeheartedly support as he works hard to help her.
i told what happened to my friend and she said i was the worst kind of asshole.
hannity claims relationship with cohen never went past payment for legal advice, defense strategy in criminal cases
but, i get the feeling that me throwing her out is gonna look bad, so what is it people, am i the asshole here?
i excused myself and went to bed before causing a scene, and now im writing this.
backstory: my girlfriend (f24) and i (m24) have been together for 5 years and have more or less shared economy.
so with that logic, i feel like we should be open about everything.
the sitter then put the dog outside.
then, this girl walks up to the table and she apologized to my brother for something that i forgot.
i'm a university student at a foreign university so i don't have any family in my university city.
sometimes i just used my best judgment to move forward.
after confirming everything she tells me they are out of the dressing.
when she went home for the weekend i read her journal, which she kept right on top of her desk with her other books, mostly skimming for my name.
at this point, i decided to joke a bit and posted the emote residentsleeper in the chat.
heavenly sources confirm joe jackson already screaming at michael
i realize she is an adult but i also feel like she is being childish and over dramatic and extremely hurtful to not just me but my elderly mother who has lost the will to live.
he compared it to boys peeking into girls locker rooms out of sexually curiosity.
mike pompeo can't believe senate just expects he'll answer questions without being tortured first
and she also had girlfriends’ houses last year she said she was spending the night at but has since distanced herself.
she reminded me of the other girl and i quickly message her "happy birthday" and then scroll my insta feed for a bit.
i get that i might not be an easy friend to have, i'm an acquired taste.
female barista getting a lot better at avoiding touching male patrons' hands when they pay
a lot of their savings has gone into medical bills and my grandpa‘s new teeth but they still want to give „valuable gifts.“ it‘s okay he didn't like this exact shirt but i feel like he‘s not being grateful for their gesture and kinda of just throwing their money away by not even trying to actually get one he will like and use so their money wasn't wasted.
aita for yelling at my sons teacher and tell him to leave my son tf alone in front of his classmates?
well, maybe once, and not in those exact words.
this time, it was my turn to be the patient.
novelty alarm clock not so funny at 7 a.m.
&#x200b; any advice would be appreciated, and i'll answer any questions to the best of my ability.
i specifically singled out people with mental disabilities in this aita question because in my experience they tend to misunderstand or miss social cues that i am uncomfortable or trying to leave the situation, so i end up feeling like i should just avoid interacting altogether so that i won’t panic from feeling trapped in a situation where i can easily make a social error.
so right before winter break i get call onto my councilers office and he tell me that unless i pass all my classes at end of semester and then next semester i don't have enough credits i can graduate.
i feel a little bad for yelling at her, but i still feel that she stopped being a close family member when she did all that stuff with her ex.
he loses his mind at other dogs and needs to be trained.
beautiful birth marred by hideous afterbirth
she also has family coming in for a few days here soon and "i need not be around because they have children".
things went to hell between them, and they split up.
i worked hard in highschool while playing games on the weekends and during free time.
i tell them a little bit of the backstory behind it, and some of them were still on his side.
it felt nice to be wanted and important to someone again.
i could have gone around but instead i rode up very close behind them and when that didnt work i flashed my lights until they moved over to the right lane.
you retard.” but so many people continued to give me a bunch of hate for calling people retards because it’s “offensive to those with special needs”.
to make matters even worse, she has a sister, which had **the exact same issue** after her wedding, he stopped giving her money.
last few republican senators form roman tortoise
woman checks terror-alert level before leaving for work
she's a stay at home mom.
he explained that he freaked when they were caught smoking outside of the country, but i don't think that was a good excuse.
i'm pretty sure emma is an asshole for breaking the rules and throwing a party, but am i an asshole for never being upfront with her?
tl;dr bride is mad that maid of honor and bridesmaids cant make it to florist meeting and bridal fair.
trump unveils exclusive double platinum–level press room for only select few journalists
not a very manly thing to do, i admit, but i am too stubborn to give up (not to mention it is kind of entertaining).
mom says she never said it either.
well i really decided to try and get laid to see what it was like.
as you would imagine my friends and family were now very skeptical of her, i had to defend her to them saying how i wasn't very good to her etc.
she told me that he was my responsibility or whatever.
mom finally drunk enough to put on bathing suit
we have to go to his work for the day and i just leave a note saying that i know he is "henry" and asking him why he would do that.
if i'm being an ass, call me out but i just wanna know.
employees: are they costing u.s. businesses too much money?
weary haitians shrug as ragnarök begins outside port-au-prince
i was already a bitch in my responses to our group texts because i failed to control my anger at the situation.
came back out 30 minutes later and there was a note on my windshield that read as follows: “thanks a lot for scratching the paint on my truck writing your message.
aita for telling a friend to piss off with their advice?
national zoo announces giant pandas to divorce
i didn't think i was pressuring her, i said i'll get them right now instead of waiting.
i did not mention this to my so...
after i got to my dorm was getting texts from my mom, brother, and a couple cousins telling me to come back home, or just saying that i was acting like a dick.
so my best friend is getting married!
do they find see me as fellow company in the group of people who feel the need to get around with a little more purpose?
betsy devos argues issue of guns in schools should be fully left up to individual shooters
so i say my plan and it does not sit well with my other roommates apparently.
aita for cheating on my exam?
we broke up 1 year ago.
tonight's dnc program to be just 3 hours of osama bin laden's blown-off face projected onto screen
is it wrong to want her to change baby's name?
additionally, we matched on tinder before, too so i don't think it's because he didn't find me attractive or whatever (that didn't go anywhere either).
girl ended up breaking down and crying at work.
nick ends up explaining to me that he moved back, and that he missed me.
it was 11 o clock at and i was in my room.
not sure if these reactions are completely intentional or part of my obsessions/compulsions, but aita?
new swiss army phone may pose health risks
i just dropped the utensils, walked away and went upstairs for the night.
'national geographic' increases ideological diversity by hiring first anti-tree-frog writer
if the last two years aren't incentive enough, and people don't overwhelmingly vote a democratic majority, the people of the us deserve everything this gop has in store for them.
i get it...just because someone speaks a language doesn't a) mean they are proficient at teaching it or b) obligated to help someone else learn, regardless of their relationship.
in the beginning of our relationship she had a very attractive hour glass shaped figure, which i enjoyed very much.
my roommates know this super well, as we've talked about how much i like them on multiple occasions.
but now i would like to work on our immediate family.
back in high school, i worked at a grocery store that is fairly popular in the midwest.
hate-crime bill stalled by pro-hate lobby
was this a justified thing to do though to troll ivanna after fucking over ruslana who was a good friend of mine.
(she evidently knew who she was trying to offend) aunt: \*laughs\* my sister came in crying.
kofi annan places 4,000-pound wreath on mass grave
at this point, i went forward, because i assumed that since i got to the sign first, i get to go first.
this breaks out into an argument where i'm in the wrong for saying he should only work the hours he is contracted for.
she lives interstate however her partner lives predominantly in my city and still, since ive been sick and heavily troubled, i have received no support from the partner whatsoever.
a bit of background, i only met my friend (who i will call shannon) last year when she moved to california but in this time we have become fairly close.
because of this, my friends will sometimes ask me to proofread the papers they write (i'm in college so there are many).
when i was far enough away i looked back and noticed a lot of people were looking at us, as could be imagined in a library.
struggling rainforest cafe adds thousands of animatronic patrons to restaurants
italy, japan advance to g8 finals
i do like her company in small doses, but if i have to interact with her too much, i get really annoyed with her.
i don't either, but my back neighbors do.
i also know some people take it and don't ruin their life.
i just explained that i didn't like cheese, the taste of it i guess.
when prison inmates spend half their sentence, they get interviewed to check whether they feel any remorse for what they’ve done, or if anything has checked.
in the past, none of their sos would go but this year i went along with another one of their gfs.
aita deleted pictures documenting spousal abuse, she is still with the guy.
i usually go in the left lane around 80 and move if people are trying to pass me.
i'm not that angry, the way i feel about people is like having a retarded child, you just stop giving a fuck and hope the child dies instead of making your life fucking intolerable and painfully retarded just by existing.
tomorrow is my 6th and last opportunity to greet them, and i know it will not happen.
the company decided to put security cameras outside the freezer door to know the coming and goings.
google now giving female employees free day each week to work on lawsuits
she immediately follows saying that "our friendship is over, because i am not interested in that".
i thought it was unfair that they left everything in the condition they were in.
this is the short convo between us: roommate(rm): listen.
now at some point i’m getting a dish to reheat food, and m tells me that that dish is actually dirty, and i find out that over the last few weeks i have been eating from dirty dishes (in all fairness i only used his dishes maybe 5 times in those weeks).
tiger always checked out of local zoo
at the start of october he told me he'd been addicted to pornography for the last five years, consuming it almost every day.
one of my favorite bands is playing in new york city this upcoming week and i didn't have anyone to go with.
"ugh i am so poor i don't even know what to do.
i haven't seen my nephew in a year, not my choice.
eventually i found out through a different source that one of his friends was involved in "revenge porn".
leading probability researchers confounded by three coworkers wearing same shirt color on same day
that said i feel it extremely disrespectful to the relationship we have today to even ask for such a meeting, much less go through with it.
man deeply suspicious after insurer covers prescription without hassle
i was more than happy to take the item's value in store credit, thus bounding my money to the store.
ngl the girl’s in india have a low expectation.
have a nice day, happy holidays, and if there’s anything you still want to say, feel free to comment.
our nation's celebrities: what are they wearing?
frustrated fcc unable to stop use of word 'friggin''
the graduation ceremony includes speeches given by selected students.
but i’m curious what make you want to cook a chinese?” and she goes “i just thought you’d appreciate some home cooking.
pa and i are friends, so i asked her what she was doing for lunch.
aita for getting upset for a girl talking to someone else?
i am concerned that they are going to adopt a warped conception of what has happened that will negatively affect their families in the future.
and she was therefore imposing me to fuck up my end of session ( had planed on running 1h30 that day) for her own pleasure.
officemates unwittingly spend entire workday talking to each other on grindr
gun show vendor jokes with insane customer about how he hopes he's not insane
he says that he doesn’t care about nye, or any holiday, or even his bday.
am i the asshole for expecting the money?
i tell them that i care about them, and if they really needed something i'd be there for them, but that i don't want to spend time messaging online and that it doesn't really work with how my brain focuses.
except for all the work i lost though.
&#x200b; so to start things off my friend (21), upon finding a relatively lucrative job following leaving school has found herself in a position of some financial stability, though is by no means financially independent as she has to support her household a lot, and is presently one of two of the six of her dads children who can drive.
aita for telling my son's girlfriend not to have an abortion?
i eventually came back in and after a few minutes he explained that he wanted some peace and thought it was fair because he told us to be quiet and we didn’t.
i should know, i almost had a nap before my friend called me.
ridley scott trades russell crowe to tim burton for johnny depp
aita for scaring people who run red lights?
&#x200b; it's only when i got back to my room and sat down that i actually thought about it.
also i live a 20 hour flight away from my parents and going to see them would not be cheap or easy.
i obviously don't want my children being bullied, but i was furious at how he handled the situation.
she also got in talk with her parents that i don´t have that good communication skills, might have express myself wrong and this could also be a problem in my job hunt.
tl;dr - i invited my best friend to come along with me on a summer vacation.
i’ve actually talked to my mom about this and she’s super dismissive, which is normal for her.
and it was the "everyone can be trained" comment that made me refuse.
&#x200b; tldr: ex was physically and emotionally abusive to me, was shitty to multiple other women in this world, i broke up with him, now don't want him to find happiness ever even if that means he hurts other people
she packs the fuck up and leaves.
doctors discover purpose of appendix is to contain human soul
my parents were out of town, and she came over, we watched sports and went out for wings and whatever.
procter & gamble introduces home menstruation test
to be honest i was adimant to him that i would never fall for anyone else through the entire time we were dating.
her friends and her really want her to be my gf.
alcoholic kindergarten teacher stretches naptime to three hours
i have a friend who graduated last year and is now a masters student.
aita for making a small joke?
i am actively trying to train my dog to stay off the bed, however she's an older dog (8-9 years) and for the whole 5 years i've had her she was allowed on the bed.
trump announces paris climate deal rejection in front of 16 running faucets
tldr am i the asshole for expressing how i felt hurt towards the person who did the hurting (unintentional but still hurt), which then made them feel somehow worse?
i snapped at her, "turn off your phone, that's very rude!" and she said, defensively, "i was just looking at the time!" then she took out her phone again to look at texts and i angrily gathered up all my stuff and moved to another seat in the movie theatre.
\- ella had been renovating her home for 2 years, so she went to europe for a month as a break so she only had 1 week of vacation time left which she booked off to actually move into her new home.
i didn't feel like an asshole at first, but e's reaction has got me rethinking the whole deal.
my first relationship was in college and that ended when i went to grad school.
neighbor and fallen trees i live in a state where if a tree falls on your property it's your problem.
tl;dr - idk how to summarize this please just read the whole thing
i told him he should get the 3rd gen one instead of the 4th because it wouldn't make any sense to have the iphone 6 with the latest one.
i pointed out that native amercians got a lot wrong too, like having a dance to create rain.
she is around 4 years old and barely 40 pounds.
i really like her personality but of course i also like a good body for my partner.
and triple texts saying “that’s alright, maybe i misunderstood, good luck with everything and cya”.
but this makes sense since their menu wasn’t explicit in saying it was a blue cheese and the waitress felt my pain.
so now my questions are: aita for dating her in the 1st place?
at this point he still loves me so he’s resolved to just do his own thing and i’ll do my thing and we will still talk occasionally until i decide.
after it ran out i wrote: "damn, i tried to leave but fell asleep before i managed to click the 'x'" she perm-banned me while her chat kept asking if i was dropped on my head etc.
i am a woman who works in a predominantly male company.
i’m a 15 yr old male and when i did this speech i was 14.
frito-lay family of products leaned on during difficult time
i ended up asking him to stay, which required him to quit his old job because he doesn't have a car and couldn't walk that far.
god unable to remember what year humanity goes extinct
my girlfriend did say that i hadn’t done anything wrong because i had never initiated this, but i also hadn’t noticed that it had bothered her.
from march until august, i was in an ldr with a girl i truly loved to the ends of the earth, but for multiple reasons including an abusive home on her end, it was incredibly toxic for both of us.
exhausted trump supporter just decides massive cuts to healthcare subsidies reason he voted for him
like couldn't eat sleep, eat or even breathe.
here's how they got back at me.
so imagine our surprise when she finds out that he cheated on her the whole time with another girl in her car.
my girl lived alone in a studio apartment in los angeles that has room for a bed and a chair and that’s about all the room.
new hampshire covered in shadow as floating clinton campaign headquarters takes up position over state
i don’t recall saying anything particularly mean, although i would never say i don’t toe the line at times.
new 'toastables' offers microwavable pre-toasted bread
less than a week later, the guy that he had a crush on (whom i was also acquainted with) asked me if i was in love with a nazi.
i explained what had happened but she insisted that she had work in the morning so this was hugely inconvenient.
i need the opinion of someone neutral.
now we are older and i don't wear it anymore.
aita for declining to hang out with a guy i tried to be friends with in the past?
however her family does not like me, and judges me on my appearance and my sentence.
college graduate to never read a book again
'home improvement' announces plans to suck more
also, sorry if the post is low quality, it's my first here.
i go out of town this week for some work related shit and my gf asks me if i would be upset if she hung out w him....i said yea.
i was the only one that came to the party, one of the people wasn’t allowed to go because of his parents(i heard his parents yelling at him over the phone saying he can’t go) the other person couldn’t come because he wasn’t in town(his parents made a last minute trip to shop), the last person, who is the person that owns the discord server, said he couldn’t come.
pervert on subway won't stop staring at masturbator
audiobook narrator really going for broke with cajun accent
in case it's relevant, my brother is younger but also in his twenties.
i'm completely disenfranchised by my partner.
lone ant crawling through kitchen trumpets arrival of horde
my (21f) boyfriend (21m) and i have been dating for roughly a year with a 5 month break in the middle.
bill clinton has unibeam installed in chest
so with quick thinking i thought "well i will just quick go into the girl's room, take some paper towels and leave", i thought it was a solid plan.
however, today she decided she didn't like anything on the menu and sulked.
he said there was a time when he was having sex with it almost daily.
my wife made a big deal about not having something so dangerous in the house.
i tried so hard to get him to see but i realised that he’s clearly a sexual or just a person that doesn’t need sex or intimacy.
report: u.s. leads world in lost sunglasses
&#x200b; so my husband has notoriously bad-smelling bowel movements because of ibs.
world wildlife fund donors receive refund after western black rhino goes extinct
obama fantasizes about ordering drone strike against self on last day of presidency
keep in mind, i _**should be allowed**_ to date or be attracted to whoever i want to be, and would not ever try to attack any gay person for "not being straight" or such.
rumsfeld makes jerk-off motions as powell speaks at cabinet meeting
eating entire box of donuts not originally part of evening's plan
dad busy throwing seeds or something on lawn
told me it was disrespectful to call her it.
i didn’t stop y from sending the photos, but i didn’t really have much of a chance to as it was too late when i learned that she had actually sent them.
my dad got angry and told me to stop being a dick, and my girlfriend got annoyed.
l.a. fitness announces plan to close all locations for 30-minute, high-intensity diversity training
we have our beliefs, and we do not find religious rituals necessary.
but i asked her when she would get them and she said "i'm having my smoothie.) .
i asked the group near me whether anyone was hurt and what happened.
wal-mart announces plan to slash customers' throats
he didn’t give much explanation but said he was upset, but his partner was far more hysterical.
she told me good luck and then i left, panicking a little.
i’ve been told this behavior on my part is the right thing, this is taking charge, this is being a leader.
aaron is increasing spiraling and going out of control and orders around my parents and treats them very disrespectfully.
psychic helps police waste valuable time
white house says mueller report must be kept private because it's so exonerating it would drive public mad
sullen jeff sessions scrolls through minority incarceration statistics to cheer self up
i'm only gonna say this once you fucking cunt.
systems administrator would so fuck new trainee
it consists of 5 parts, which i would rank in difficulty as 5, 3, 2, 4, 1.
tonight is extra frustrating because he’s decided to curl up right next to me, squishing me in a dog-man sandwich between himself and my boyfriend.
aita(14m) for joking and asking my sister(16f) "if it's her time of the month" so me and my older sister are never serious with each other.
i have no idea what to say and i am honestly quite upset.
i brought it up to william once but he blew me off and told me i was overreacting, and i haven't talked to him since.
everyone outraged catholic priest did that thing everyone jokes about
cavs hoping to avoid game 4
he told me how much the kids loved those dogs and that i'm a homewrecker and his wife is divorcing him because of me.
aita - for thinking that what my ex is doing is not ok so me and my ex dated for almost 2 years and recently we have had some discussions, more regularly that before, and we would break up but come back.
i recently bought my first gun and decided not to tell my roommate about it.
man can still win fantasy football this week provided tight end scores 9 touchdowns on monday
aita for eating all the caramel corn and leaving her with the white cheddar and butter flavors?
tldr : we need to film a scene with a girl.
at the end he said he'd just walk me in, use the restroom and leave.
the video was pov and kinda dark but you could definitely tell it was her.
we live in the midwest backwoods and ss was raised here.
investors stake out greenspan's house for signs of rate increase
his change to commuting is only going to inconvenience him, not prevent him from taking the class by any stretch of the imagination.
our fights are getting worse, and the timeout system doesn't seem to be helping.
1) the topic of rape came up in my mind an i asked her if she has done martial arts before, she said no 2) i tell her that i want to teach her how to defend herself (i am a martial arts instructor) and she says no.
she also freaked out when she realized we had unprotected sex, even though i told her she was the one that said to take it off!!
g20 leaders attend saudi crown prince's informative seminar on eliminating dissident journalists
after a while he returned, to continue his work.
she feels like it wasn't a big deal.
but, i don't think i'm an asshole for it or anything.
after i got out of the shower, he asked if we could talk.
bored u.s. postmaster general creates beard from stamps during meeting
during a lan party with a lot of friends a couple of us had started drinking.
it bothers me because his perception of sex is likely very inaccurate, and any time i look at pictures of him i know what was going on in the background.
one day i get a sudden realization that i made plans with her and missed them completely.
here she was, not a few hours after me talking her through her emotions and trying to make her feel better, taking acid with her friends.
within the past year, my girlfriend moved in with me into my home in an affluent neighborhood.
man beginning to worry that best meals already behind him
to be helpful and amicable and i was being generally uncooperative and frankly rude as fuck, intentionally doing things to piss my dad off.
they obviously break up, and he starts dating the other girl.
study: only 40% of mice have little welcome mat, doorway leading to tiny home inside wall
my roommate and i talked and agreed to keep the air at 70-71 so that our electricity bill wouldn’t cost as much.
lawyers confirm trump willing to answer all of sean hannity's questions about russia collusion
family relieved to hear good grandma didn't die
for the sake of propriety, i had no real intention to make moves or anything.
tl;dr my friends didn't want my boyfriend to join us on a vacation although he hangs out with us regularly.
if you want to skip the backstory: the current issue starts at “the current problem”.
i figured they were deep in a conversation anyway.
i reached across and opened the car door, and then unbuckled her seatbelt and told her to get the fuck out of my car again.
creature that craps in box too fancy for dry food
employees on other end of conference call just want it to be over
but i feel uncomfortable because of how things ended and how emotional he was.
some family from outside the country came to visit for the holidays and i have to be with them during their stay.
we've been doing this for eight months.
mall santa crying hysterically in photo with toddler
sperm can't remember why it came into womb
still, i could save some and live a cozy life with my wife.
inside: america's love affair with neurotic jewry
so half way in my shift of second job.
man carefully selects t-shirt for night out
i can't say i'm impressed.** **a) i asked you last weekend if i would see you this weekend.** **b) i followed up and asked about your possible mid-week vacation.** **c) i believe in equality.
i've had a few friends call me out on this, saying that i don't respond to their messages and text back and that i'm a shitty friend.
on mobile, apologies for formatting, yadda yadda.
this situation will be mine to deal with, and mine alone.
owner of independent comic book store in ohio not quite sure how he's still in business
daddy hitting mommy with a chair this time
aita for taking a call/turning off the music in bfs car i'm in the car with bf who has kindly offered to drop my at the metro and realize i have a missed call from a traveling friend.
while packing up to leave because i wanted to leave as he was obviously mad at me, i took my ps4 back which i was keeping at his house to let him play bf5.
variety of unsustainable business models make up extremely hip neighborhood
she told me she felt like a bad person.
national archives clearly stored constitution in three-ring binder
and things go nuts: me: you turning the music on made me feel like my conversation didn't deserve the same respect i have always given you.
she forgave me, even though i didn't deserve it, and decided to give our relationship a chance.
however, for one reason or another both of us got pretty boisterous at one point over a topic.
so a little background here: i was a senior captain on a division i sports team last year.
so every semester, i’m taking over 21 credit hours.
considering a lot of curfews end at midnight, i generally believed that before this is what’s considered a reasonable hour.
animals keeping impending earthquake to selves
unless the dog is in obvious pain she's going to wait.
trinidad and tobago issues commemorative leonardo dicaprio postage stamp
at this point i told her i don't want her playing with him because it makes me uncomfortable and upset.
gee i wonder why) i try and tell her there’s no possible way she could be, she goes onto say that i’ll never understand because it’s not my body and that i’m not the one that could have a human growing inside of them....
fox news debuts premium channel for 24-hour coverage of alexandria ocasio-cortez
i have no reason or motive, like why would i just come out of nowhere to do that?
trump: 'i know that was pretty bad, but let's just say you're going to want to save your energy'
she said no that would be uncomfortable as hell and she wouldn't be able to sleep either.
john ashcroft frolics in secret vault of winnie-the-pooh toys
i don't remember much after that.
she’s running around trying different stuff.
aita for not staying at the table and finishing that last bit of the game?
i broke up with nick in september.
i am willing and wanting to sacrifice everything for this child, but if she isn't willing, then i don't want to impede her.
he's not good at it, and it's not his job; it was mum's.
at this point i don't even know what to think bc i have no idea why they thought this was gonna be ok.
i do remember he told me that they didn't know what was going on but they missed me.
parents seize creative control of 3rd-grade art project
hell, i had brain surgery a few months ago, and aside from my brother dropping me off, and then getting picked up on the day i was released, i did it alone.
grandmother really starting to get the hang of dying
guy who just wiped out immediately claims he's fine
madeline albright sworn in as secretary
ruslana and i started off just sending memes to each other and having short text conversations which eventually lead to us video calling several times a week.
housefly fondly recalls losing virginity on rotting pile of ground beef
they believe everything the news tells them.
from taking pablo to school, feeding him and housing him when his mother went to colombia regularly.
we saw each other a few times a year.
i really like her a lot in basically every other way.
i once again said this was a bad idea and that he wouldn't pay for it all, especially with us getting married and leaving the country, but she didn't listen.
so, here i am making my own life and i have these constant itches in my thought process that says "they're toxic for you, let them go." there is some anger in there, yes.
bewildered by the fact she was even asking me about it to begin with?
this caused us to have a slight argument, because i said that she has to meet me halfway when i'm trying to make effort, because i can't show it if i can't even see her.
i then asked the waitress, "does the guac have onions?" to which she responded, "yes, it does".
manager hates to see you go
we've all gotten drunk together plenty of times and i've never seen any of them make unwanted advances or anything like that.
there's no full on nudity or anything, she's just not wearing much.
'humor in uniform' submissions at all-time low
activity made up to sell athletic shoes
new extended paternity leave offers dads more time to lose colleagues' respect
finally she tells me to sit down and i'm at a crossroads, do i leave and finish this or stay and possibly fail a class.
recently, he was briefly away from his deployed location and sent to a base where there was an exchange (like a mini mall with stores that have all kinds of things not available at the deployed location).
a year ago, we started the process of relocating to a rural area where i commute to my job every other week (i stay in an apartment while i’m there and spend every other week at home).
i spent time thinking about what if we ended up the night together, and concluded that i would be fine with it.
she *apparently* caught some sort of bug yesterday.
but again, it’s two freaking nights.
prior to settling into my career, i’ve lived in a second/third world country for three years, lived across the country for a seasonal job, and lived pay check to paycheck.
i wasn’t happy in the relationship and was started to feel like i should break it off.
she will sometimes eat cookies late at night, a lot of carbs, and “not paleo” things.
netanyahu doubles down against obama with powerpoint on perils of affordable care act
m: download games to it, add cheats, do some other cool stuff that i've only read about but not tinkered with yet, etc, etc f: oh wow!
my side is getting 45 invites which is fine since well, i have a few close friends and some family.
i tried for several minutes and even had some waterworks and still, not allowed to see it.
a female cop handed the girl a teddy bear and carried her off the bus.
i had added yogurt to the shopping cart for myself, it's not an item we usually buy but they were willing to pay for it.
newly deployed soldier has dreamed of fighting in afghan war since he was little kid
and since i was new to the states and didn’t have a car, when i was not at school, i always stayed at home so me and the dog bonded really well, so well that people joked that we were soulmates.
so aita for assuming my brother should pay that ticket since i gave him my car for free?
but before that my mum was always the 'carer' of my two parents.
super fan attends screening of 'infinity war' dressed as marvel's vp of marketing
man with shitty job just doing this until he gets fired
the same went for r rated movies - almost entirely forbidden until my 17th birthday.
my friend is giving me the silent treatment.
they're all new to the game.
millionaire thinks of self as upper-middle class
we were out cruising around and he kept begging me to crank my system up but i said your mom wouldn't like that.
now i’m pissed about this, and i’m even more pissed because m ordered a new pizza for himself while i was in class.
aita for making fun of a transgender girl who’s been harassing me?
she says that is when she realized she was not with who she thought she was with.
assistant always follows warner bros. ceo with suitcase containing codes to authorize 'collateral beauty 2'
i know she'll come around but i don't know when.
i've basically given up trying to talk to her or even maintain this friendship.
poll: 89% of debate viewers tuning in solely to see whether roof collapses
she starts the conversation by saying, "i thought you were a bitch." i laugh to myself and ask her to enlighten me.
jonathan lipnicki to star as young 'dark helmet' in spaceballs prequel
that box is fair game to me after 48 hrs so guess what, i eat the whole box.
after the concert, i walked her to the bus stop.
border patrol authorities, militia in tense standoff over claim to detain migrant family they caught at same time
family tells ailing mandela racism over
report: puerto rico situation remains dire despite months of no help whatsoever
i was dating this guy for about four months before he broke it off after a really bad fight that we had.
i'm hungry too, but i really do not want taco bell and i have food at home.
i'll get this out of the way, i feel like an incredible asshole here, but maybe it's one of those things where she's overreacting a bit.
i always understand when injured people use it and go up one floor.
director of census bureau calls for updated population report after realizing he forgot to count himself
we got him when i was a kid, picked him up off the side of the road, and he has been an angel of a dog ever since.
arizona iced tea unveils new 4-foot-tall cans
new study finds link between cancer, reading text on computer screen
i have to get his approval to even get on his and my mom's insurance plan.
he chases me down and i honestly don't know what he was saying, i just got into my car and left.
personals ad takes hardline anti-fatties stance
on top of that they have always dealt with things such as planing for family vacations and applying for my canadian citizenship without keeping me in the loop.
i told him no again, not wanting to subject my ass to my rolly chair again.
all i would have wanted was more notice that this was something i had to do before now.
father's day gift way shittier than mother's day gift
but i didn't want to lie and say it would never happen again, so i told him that the best i could give him was being transparent about my progress, being open to his suggestions, and asking him to hold me accountable the same way i do to him.
looking back on it, i think i should have.
i was having a conversation with a friend, and he said something very funny.
and aita to my classmates or my teacher or both?
3) yes, i sent pictures of myself.
facebook informs data leak victims whether they need to burn down house, cut off fingerprints, start anew
this is also plausible because she spent major money on another girl's present, but their relationship is pretty sad to look at (like master and servant).
she was ok with it at first, then she got upset and told me how shitty it was for me not to give it a chance.
now when i was coming home (usually the first one back) i realized the door was unlocked.
i found him laying outside in his underwear in the snow.
this happened a few months ago.
i am not interested in being in a one sided friendship.
ll cool j struggles to come up with way to brag about being in rollerball
aita for gatecrashing a friends party after being purposely bounced around from person to person instead of being told not to go?
i was wondering if anyone else thought my reasoning was justified, since now that i'm out on my own, i can actively avoid the holidays.
'that first date is going terribly,' think diners watching couple celebrate 5th anniversary
(*don’t worry, i didn’t.*) i feel her demands are so ridiculous i messaged m that i am uninteresting in meeting with my roommates anymore.
he understood my uneasiness, and did a reasonable job cleaning up (though far from perfect, as one would expect from glitter).
we fought for a week.) i always want to think he isn't the jealous type, but i am realizing that i have mostly stopped attempting to have friendships with men unless they are someone he hits it off with, which is almost no one.
koko the gorilla now just flipping everybody off
should i just have gotten up and let that kid piss?
i decided to cut all contact with her, but 6 months later i still feel shitty and i want to call her (with no intent to try out with her again, just call her to ask how she is/etc).
i told my husband we should have bought another house ." i was furious that this lady would keep on complaining and i stopped working made eye contact and told her " you know what lady, i understand your upset but at least you had the opportunity to live such a lavish life style.
when they asked me to work more hours, i stayed.
i was really into this girl, but i overstepped by showing too much persistance.
panicked studio delays 'man of steel' to get more shots of people looking up in awe
on top of that, he coughs and hacks loudly now in the mornings and at night which is both depressing (for his health's sake) and annoying, and wakes me and sometimes our son up.
literally everyone including her has been telling me that for the last couple of days, and i finally listened.
when these people walk into the train car that i'm sitting in, i want to warn people that these people are disingenuous and that they should save their money for the actual homeless people populating the station, or instead of giving money, buy them a meal or the train ticket they are asking for.
night watchman keeps leno under close surveillance
took a group selfie and proceeded on talking on how creepy and pathetic i looked in it.
now i know as an adult i can't tell pablo who to be friends with.
edit ---- thanks for feedback guys.
anyway he flipped out on me and got really pissed at me, and called me “selfish” and this and that, because all i cared about was myself.
peter strzok summoned before congress again for texts calling trey gowdy 'a pissy little shithead'
they asked me how it went.
he’s not always annoying, but he is more than he isn’t.
&#x200b; my wife and i have 2 kids, 1 and 3.
area man got good amount of meat in that last bite
so eating when they are crawling all over the food is not my idea of a good evening.
now, he had helped her in the past with a car that she bought, this was before i met her.
i had a good time, things felt good.
my sister has a poor body image due to strict upbringing, her bmi is in the healthy range but she skips regular meals a lot, especially after eating snacks in order to “compensate” for the consumed calories.
dad returns from business trip with exotic gifts from idaho
aita for not wanting my boyfriend to meet my parents?
when one of them took some of her trash, and put it on our table.
now, they feel like whack-a-mole: a bunch of rapid succession complaints that i can barely keep up with without wanting to storm out.
this is a fairly recent change for her and old habits die hard especially for older dogs.
night out consecrated with opening exchange of high-fives
aita for blaming and wanting to yell at her for this deterioration?
she conceded that she shouldn’t have said that joe was pressured into giving a donation.
as if it's our fault that they do worse than us because they fail to put in the same amount of effort that we do.
basically he put me in the exact same position his ex-fiance put him in.
sweating, suitcase-clutching michael cohen standing on roof of trump tower starting to think helicopter never coming to take him away
breaking: we're doing a bad job
i'm not talking -6°f, it was just below freezing around 30°f.
nasa receives info on jupiter's large helium deposits from juno probe's squeaky, high-pitched transmission
this is a one off for us and even at that it was over and silent by 1:30am.
aita for sending my ex-girlfriends nude that she send unsolicited after our breakup to my friends.
'is it too late to audition?' asks perfect actor for role, poking head into room just as producers were giving up hope
seriously though, am i an asshole?
diabetic, gout-ridden kim jong-un by far healthiest person in north korea
white house carefully screening any gun control town hall questions that address obama as 'mein führer'
area woman prefers to get same advice from as many people as possible
now their house is about a half hours drive away from my workplace.
apparently man can't just hate bowling
25-year-old man no longer impressed by mewtwo
i have the right to ask, and i have the right to be upset that he won't show me.
i can't break my new lease (well maybe i could have but i didn't want to, still angry and confused) but i decide to visit her a few days before she gets out of rehab to tell her i had broken up with her and moved out, because letting her come home to an empty house with no warning was a dick move.
purina debuts new 'slovenly feast' for nasty-ass shelter cats
afterwards she asked me what we were gonna do after (i told her i had to be up early but we could go hang out at my place).
i asked why she heat up and ate food when i was making dinner.
i just feel like her decision was super selfish.
i think this is kind of rude, and it makes me feel alone and ignored.
red flag, i know, but here is where things get confusing.
that’s what i was upset about.
life-raft companion looks just like juicy steak
isis having difficulty finding american recruits physically fit for jihad
my theory is that people who have nothing to hide and really are going through a hard time in life would have no problem showing me their id if it meant they could get any sort of help.
&#x200b; am i the asshole for using what is essentially a meme casually in conversation?
this actually happened a while ago, but i’ll try to explain as objectively as possible.
congress repairs to parlor to hear rep. carolyn maloney play the recorder
gop leaders demand congressman duncan hunter's resignation after discovering he poor
he cheated on me when we first met.
at this point i'm uncomfortable enough to state that i'm not ready for that.
so he helped sell my ticket.
upon hearing this, she immediately got very angry at me and said that i am acting like a boy and she can't be with a boy who likes to throw tantrum.
seasonal depression kicks in just in time to numb woman before holiday with family
one of the other owners came into my office and asked if i was alright.
since i can see where she is coming from, it got me thinking whether she is right and i need to be more patient, or whether i’ve been lenient enough already.
i hang up and ask him why he did that.
the dash cam may tell you that they did not have to run to get out of the way, but it does not tell you the emotional impact of your car coming up the drive faster than we drive and they felt scared enough to run.
i have since been blocked on every avenue i have of reaching him.
in my head i said fuck that this demon need deserve what's coming to him.
open casket really ruining vibe at funeral
to then get sub-optimal support in return kinda sucks.
gay guy's gay thing well attended
last week e suggested that we should get together for a night out without the kids which i happily agreed to.
aita for taking my friend's idea, applying it to a meme, and posting it on reddit for karma?
not a shitpost btw (i wish)
e2: i also dont think this is a zero sum game of where i win, he loses.
aita for asking for a favour i was on a dating site and a lot of the features are paid but it's possible to do some stuff for free..
she told me i needed to stop and demanded to send the money back to me but i wouldn't give her my details.
now, i am a "live and let live"-kinda guy, so i could tell thas this had to have been a misunderstanding, most likely caused by my as-of-yet imperfect japanese ability.
he was asking stupid questions and would text back after like 10 minutes.
but, i just couldn't help it.
scandal: mccain won miss congeniality of u.s. senate in 2000, 2003
we head off and he only sees the note when he gets home much later that day but the whole day i'm doubting he is cheating because he keeps on hinting he wants to get engaged this year and is being so perfect and amazing like he usually is.
i haven’t answered his messages today.
study finds average american inadvertently eats equivalent of 8 pieces of fruit per year
for the women, this would mean 0 toilet visits would require a tsa.
my girlfriend was okay with it and i was barely in control of what i was doing, so i hated the fact that he suggested that this was actually cheating (i never even had sex with the girls).
teen publication takes bold anti-peer-pressure stance
(something to mention is t said this to me as well, but she said t had one as well) t also said that 'you guys arent going to break up around this time, when t was heavily implying that g should dump me.
sexualized octogenarian flapper girl still earning living for someone
report: average american walks less than one mile each year with pants around ankles
aita for kicking a white male author out of a writing club because his story came off as sexist?
people hold their coffees and eat snacks literally always.
extra strip of wrapping paper taped over present's weird edge
i admit i didn't exactly specify how long i wanted to take a break for, but i didn't know how long i'd need because i said i just wanted some alone time to deal with some personal issues.
i asked him to try to think of more options.
today at practice he picked a fight with me that would have come to blows if the other guys on the team hadn't held him back.
tl;dr best friend got friendzoned by a girl in highschool.
the charity organization warned me about that beforehand.
we are supposed to go to a party tonight, but she is on pain killers so drinking is a no go.
when i first got it, i was sleeping around 20 hours a day.
she told me she had been planning this since 2018, and wasn't gonna give up on it now.
this friend has zero knowledge of programming or running a server, but sounded very willing to put effort into creating this.
india opens new mohandas k. gandhi nuclear-testing facility
aita for chasing my friends' ex out of her dorm?
from the beginning, clearly, because of the circumstances under which we met.
secretary of state fired after inappropriately weighing in on international politics
i responded no again, as after 16 years of being suffocated with christmas for about 3 months a year i'm pretty done with the holiday (don't even ask for gifts anymore).
often after this, dad would say something along the lines of “yes, she”, indicating (to me) that he saw his mistake and wanted to correct it.
old dryer abandoned by train tracks now a vital part of ecosystem
even though my brother was the older one, i never questioned this.
aita for playing a harmless joke on someone who forgot to log out of a school computer?
i'm not a delivery driver and never have been so i don't specifically know how they'd like to be tipped.
if i called her out on it she would always say something like "you call yourself a man?
i offered to give her another twenty minutes break because she was worried she wouldn’t get it.
bunch of hick nobodies sue for toxic-waste exposure
los angeles on high alert as lapd back on regular duty
the next part of the story basically happened in bullet time.
report: airlines installing uncomfortable bumps in seatbacks because it pleases them
man watches helplessly as white elephant exchange completely devolves into friends just chatting and having nice time
being a 5’5 unskilled at basketball girl, and him being a 6 foot something basketball playing male, i didn’t have many options.
i got a lot of negative feedback in my new role, and after getting bullied in my previous team over my skill level, i just wasn't really in a place to handle it.
scientists announce discovery of dry ice on mars means planet may one day be suitable for halloween party
me and my friends are currently filming a project for youtube.
i have a good, strong set of friends and i make friends easily with new people.
this was my first post so please be gentle
do i even deserve to feel like this?
his immediate defence was to say “oh, okay sorry!” and started walking back to the car to move it.
my daughter is sixteen, and she is generally very well behaved.
everyone is that shitty to me, at least i'm an egalitarian though.
sean spicer cradling comfort pig throughout briefing
found it hiding behind the water heater.
family moves elderly aunt into subconscious
from there it devolves into an argument about how i get irrationally angry over little stuff.
this happened a while back so i might be a little foggy on the details.
i was shocked by this and when i asked why they didn't seem to have any specific reason not to come.
however as a man i have a deep desire to penetrate a woman, its just a natural feeling.
coworker has that excuse that's going around
man overjoyed he no longer has to purchase entire day's worth of egg mcmuffins in morning
my fiancé, the streamer, is a different female.
limbaugh says drug addiction a remnant of clinton administration
he then goes on to complain about how "entitled" i am because of the noise i make.
eva longoria tans self out of visible spectrum
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: also, i didn't come complaining to you, and say things what way exactly?
i also would like to point out though that she does eat snack foods a lot of the day.
she sits down in the aisle seat leaving a gap between us cause why not.
in retrospect maybe i should have just gotten an usher but in the moment i was too irritated to be 100% rational.
&#x200b; am i actually just rude for not wanting to give my grandparents a thank you text?
i think she contacted him and they hit it off.
experts warn number of retirees will completely overwhelm scenic railway industry by 2030
now i know you guys will say "yta" right about now but hear me out.
area man seated next to lou reed on roller coaster
wedding album off to bizarre start with photo of 2 acorns floating in glass of water
i'm not ghosting her or blocking her, i'm just not gonna put any effort into anything with her anymore, and let her make all the plans and stuff.
aita for not going to my girlfriends dads funeral?
beloved showbiz legend and national treasure michael douglas actually none of these things
but in two days kendra had driven down to watch the game with only me (so far as she knew) and asked me to accompany her to asheville, who's tourist slogan is "asheville is for lovers." so i'd be lying if i said i didn't consider the possibility she was hinting at something or even asking me out directly.
aita for not shoveling my sidewalk?
i responded "i've been working my ass off getting a scholarship!
if i see you putting your work onto others, i will directly ask you why you deserve to be paid.
* point 3: i also did not approach him directly or speak to the police.
why would she ask the kid what she wanted to eat unless she was genuinely interested in the kid’s opinion?
i'm a strong believer in "teach a man to fish" rather than "give him one" so i tried my best to give her tips to improve her self-studying.
i’ll be clear, we both eat healthily, i just eat a stricter diet.
which got a lot of “oh duuuuude.
i, fortunately, am known within my friend group to be pretty well written.
i asked her if she had considered how i would react to the excuses she gave, she confessed she hadn't and wasn't sure what to do.
before the incident neither of the dogs had ever shown any sort or aggression with anybody.
i've been kinda seeing this girl lately, i'm 27m and she's 21f, and for the most part things have been going fine, although there is still a little bit of immaturity on her side.
holocaust historian can't help imagining what random people would look like behind barbed-wire fence
it annoyed me mostly for the fact that we had just gotten there the day before and i really didn't want to spend the rest of the trip sick.
then 6 months ago i decided to leave him, i just could not see a future with him and my parents ( i love my family more than anything and can't imagine having to decide between a partner or my family), he was very desperate, tried talking me back to him and making promises i knew he couldn't keep.
aita for not wanting to play games with my childhood friend because he's bad?
so we went our separate ways, still together.
i know i am not entitled to it, but i figured it was better to ask than miss the opportunity.
we've been dating for a little over a year and she introduced me to him not too long ago.
this was supposed to be a revelation trip for me, “new year new me” and just didn't need to listen to them talk while i do this.
at this point i have stepped outside and closed the door behind me and started to unknowingly walk towards him.
israel: palestinians given ample time to evacuate to nearby bombing sites
sherpa can already tell you're not going to make it
aita for shoving my sister down a hill?
nothing cute, nothing "sexy." pictures with my dog mostly, pictures from hiking, and some pictures from 10+ years ago during a conversation about changing looks/hair.
he then tells me that i’m not respecting him and how tired he is because he had a long day (totally ignoring that i also had a long day) and asks if he really said we could talk as if i just made it up or something.
distraught man still finding painful reminders of long-gone hoagie around apartment
is this normal or is it a dick move?
i really hate smug faces so i punched her.
fourth-graders differ over how much allergic classmate's face swelled up
my questions: 1) i went to school in philadelphia, so east coast sports fans are “more passionate” or “assholes” depending on your view.
she said nothing negative and we just gushed about how excited we were.
dishware, appliances, decorations, tons of books, etc.
i tell her i'm not ready, and we get into a little bit of a fight, in which she hints she wants the baby.
i honestly am not sure if i'm going to be able to confide in him anymore after this.
aita for ghosting someone after a year i (m23) met her (f20) over tinder over a year ago.
i've had sex with others in this time.
i am 27, and for the past two or three years my dad has text me the same thing every morning “love you honey” and it honestly drives me crazy.
authorized personnel enjoying untold pleasures beyond designated point
i feel a little sorry for him, but at the moment i can't actually bring myself to feel bad about hooking up with jia, or the fact that he was there for it.
on the last day we had with our teacher, i went and asked them to help with four and five, and for some reason even they weren't able to figure it out despite working it out for a solid hour.
i used to be his friend (before he starting being really racist with the n-word) and i thought i’d share some of my racist jokes with him.
anyway, i met misty again a few days back at a mutual friend's party, and she seemed really into me all the sudden.
this time he was annoyed because he gave me enough to keep 500 as the zero balance (in his opinion anyway).
ted cruz attempts to connect with voters by wearing more handsome man's face as mask
so there really is not much to do here or see.
i didn’t ask her for any money for the big tv or the big wall mount when i bought those, i just bought it for both of us because it would be good for the living room.
for the record progress is supposed to carry over to the open demo for everyone but not to the actual game.
cnn's john king now just swiping hands across everything
we were with ten people total and while we were eating me and two other guys just looked online where we could go last minute.
i have since lost the weight and have kept it off by counting calories.
after i said that, everyone went quiet...she burst into tears and the teacher comes in and freaks out, he asks what happened and i get sent to head office.
retired factory worker had no idea earnings from '50s would have to support 3 generations of family
onion social ceo responds to company chaos by donating $50 to haiti
i asked her for an explanation.
all of man's accomplishments overshadowed by hefty birth weight
i told her straight up that the only reason he asked to have friends there is because he doesn't want to be stuck in a room full of women doing baby shower things by himself.
missing white girl drives missing black girl from headlines
i was left standing there, unable to breathe, 13 years old.
i definitely do not like cats.
person standing far away from burial must have deep, dark secret about deceased
i'm struggling with this situation so far: so becky has already picked out her dress and decided on bridesmaid dresses.
about six months ago my girlfriend told me that mark had told her that he and an archaeologist buddy of his were tossing around the idea of going to turkey and asked her if she wanted to come.
i usually time them out for 5 minutes but occasionally they come back trying to talk about their depression and i ban them.
aita for having dwindling interest in a girl because she falls asleep texting?
well today while visiting me, we were getting ready to leave to go out to eat, my roommate walked in.
it was maybe 10 seconds at most.
yet at the same time, i don't feel like my feelings were wrong.
i'm thinking of asking her again to please try it sometime, that it might work and make our relationship get a healthy sexual side to it for once.
i can achieve this by walking up to the counter and asking one of the usps workers for the stamp.
weary nation says one or two more divisive issues should finish it off
third-grader watching another year of back to school commercials suddenly realizes he'll die one day
you go in either alone or with a friend, and are competing against other people to kill/banish the boss monster first to earn rewards.
nation's dogs dangerously underpetted, say dogs
bon appétit denies allegations that they responsible for millions of pro-quiche twitter bots
bashful terrorists won't take credit for attack
shortly after this , she sorta fazed out of my friend group.
well lo and behold, my sister in law changed her major to journalism last year.
area man proud he can still fit into car from high school
&#x200b; so these grandparents gave me some travel bag with a gaudy design on it and a card they bought that explains the bag is $60.
target demographic growing up right before wistful advertiser's eyes
**aita** for wanting to just go to the nicu for a few hours a day, so that the rest of the available time can be spent catching up on everything else in life that needs to be done before our daughter comes home, thus freeing more time to spend bonding with her once she is back?
man filled with gratitude at sight of other customer in nice restaurant wearing jeans
her reasons are gaining college credits and that's about it.
it is very important that if i tell somebody something they said or did made me feel bad - even if they didn't mean to or realize which i always try and acknowledge!
man feels automatic connection with attractive woman
this is where i start to feel very guilty.
he claimed that i had broke some sort of sacred reddit code where one does not expose reddit accounts to the meat realm...
i then told him that if he stays making that content will never go pro aita for saying that
or is it the case that mixed relationships will never work?
john kelly apologizes for assuming everyone would ignore abuse allegations like they do in military
there was this one guy, who seemed pretty interested in her romantically, and tbh, i don't trust people like him around jenna.
best friend gets involved and yells at us to stop.
i sent a tongue in cheek email to a few coworkers that i’m close with proposing a “secret” “invite only” aka no bosses happy hour.
lady gaga quashes rumors that she ever thought bradley cooper talented in any way
its dark humor, and an acquired taste.
it kind of irked me that he assumed i would pay for it.
i have been dating my current boyfriend for four months now and it’s great.
93-year-old grandmother at thanksgiving worried this last time she sees fuck-up grandson before he dies
*[--skip down if you know what mafia is--]* in short it is where a group of people are split into innocents (also called towns) and mafia (also called scum) members.
barber not even excited anymore by bringing home free bags of hair at end of day
it’s not like i eat more than a quarter of her food.
i just didn't know what to do, and felt that i needed time to figure shit out and didn't want to tell her in case it wasn't true that she saw me as a meal ticket.
i have told her we can do that, though i've always harbored this dream, and now i have the chance to make it a reality.
my parents are in a clearly unhappy marriage and i am frankly fucking tired of hearing them bitch, moan, and yell at each other over stupid shit.
nation suddenly concerned about black man's opinion
parents reminisce to children about dating algorithm that brought them together
so by the time i was finished, the subreddit was looking good but no one was using it.
i openly showed my disgust to her stuff and barely gave her my minimum level of respect.
michael cohen relieved to remember it illegal to charge lawyer with crime
i even double-checked a list of wedding-related things i had kept in case i had actually forgotten.
spider sitting on shower wall can't wait to see look on man's face
mccain tucks extra neck skin into collar
ive been in the same room with them both and havent spoken a word to either of them - and dont think i ever will again, which is saddening.
i didn't think much of it as its just a reddit account and he doesn't post deplorable shit or anything embarrassing; the most he does is shit post about sports but even then its hardly shit posting.
a week after dumping her i was on my laptop and noticed her chrome account was still logged into the browser, the entire past 2 years i had spent wondering whether my trust issues were just paranoia and if i was just another one of those crazy boyfriends but i could have the answers at my fingertips, i honestly couldn't resist.
it's an mma fighter who was picked on as a kid talking about bullies becoming abusive because they learn it from their parents.
horse-race announcer clearly had money on 'little dancer'
father apologizes for taking out anger on wrong son
landlord promises to figure out why leaky ceiling not his fault
some genius juxtaposing religious iconography and bodily waste yet again
i doubt anyone saw me or could recognize me as it was very late and the guy would be exposing himself as a pervert if he reported me.
unpopular police officer thinking about committing racially motivated offense for a little support
so we had a son 2 years ago, and i've thrown myself into it completely - the kid is great, and i put in a ton of effort trying to be a good dad.
that bruce guy still won’t look me in the eye, though.
i asked her about it and she confirmed it like it wasn’t a big deal so i assumed she was pretty comfortable with people knowing.
we rarely fight and we enjoy time together, even if we're just studying in the same room.
aita or does this post even belong here?
i want to add that we both have plans to move out on our own in the very near future, and we are usually not in each other's way about things.
jackie chan's ancestors shamed by blooper reel
he also got into a fight with his sister and assaulted her, strangulation, and refuses to admit he did anything wrong.
so here’s the thing: my boyfriend and i have been together for nearly a year, and tomorrow’s our anniversary.
day three, i ask her to coffee and she says yes which only reaffirms my belief that she likes me.
we have a small group of maiming friends.
fast forward to later last night and we are on facetime again, this time my fiancee is with me and my so said damn "friend" are you on your period?
i asked my other friends crying if they thought i was manipulative and mean and abusive and someone that everyone hates and they said no so she was wrong.
that way, she'll get the message that she's not welcome before the party actually starts.
mysterious necrotic skin disease continues to eat away at baby's face weeks after being kissed by ted cruz
i don't know please tell me!!
she said that she didn't ask him about it because she didn't feel safe around him because of something that happened with her mother's student teacher a few years back.
when i woke up, the guy was back in the chat and messaged "can you stop making jew jokes you bitch".
my husband works 60 hours/week, and i work full time at night and go to school full time during the day, not to mention it’s cold and rainy bc winter, so building an enclosed run hasn’t been a feasible option.
aita for forgetting my best friend's wife's birthday?
in the first 3 months, i was hit with a heavy depression by this fact.
last night we were rewatching the conor/khabib fight and he asked if i wanted to fight with him, i told him the possibility of what could happen from fighting (cuts, bruises, concussions, etc.).
info-there were no official terms to repay.
i feel that this is unacceptable behavior for a friend and told him so.
actor's parents proud he's playing a doctor
the next day she asked for keys back/where to send my things and i asked her what was going on.
**prior** all three of us have signed a roommate agreement as requirement for living in our dorms.
i sent the picture with the caption "the difference is that nuns don't blow themselves up (not even mu own joke, i stole it from a meme i saw) so this went and flared up a huge argument between them and he was very offended.
approximately a month and a half ago i attempted to reach out to mutual friend with an apology letter over email that did not get a response.
\- blake &#x200b; \*i know i am not an asshole in these parts, but they're necessary to the story.
would we be in the wrong if we pursued this?
to keep it short, i was totally head over heels for her, i spent all my money on her and was just in love!
as stated, she views past partners as friendship first, sexual component secondary.
(i'm pretty sure that's what happened but i was in a headlock so was hard to see) at first i was shocked and worried because damn she could be dead but once i checked she was still breathing and doing ok given the situation my rage came back as i started to remember everything she had done to me the past year.
mop used to clean minor spill now permanent addition to living room
paul ryan delivers impassioned 10-minute pained facial expression
thursday comes, we have a great time at breakfast, and i get so excited about where things are going that i call my sister to tell her about this girl i've been seeing.
now he is too afraid to pull his shit on me because im bigger and stronger than him.
she alternated between 1) getting super upset with me and saying stuff to the effect of "fine, i'll just find another job" in a pissed-off, passive-aggressive manner; 2) arguing with me that her travel schedule won't be as bad once this project ends this spring; and 3) insisting that she hadn't been away from home much more than i had in 2018.
new $50 million planetarium opens young minds to wonders of pink floyd
frantic biden searching dog shelter for bo look-alike
touring company of cats prepares for yet another day in the goddamn catsuits
walletless biden found handcuffed to bedpost
area man purchases the devil's advocate on dvd for some reason
man with eye patch in town for...business
aita for not buying my brother what he wants for christmas because i think he should grow up and shift his interests into more adult things, and focus on moving out from my mothers house?
now, i did bring up the relationship to jerry and asked how it was going.
my family were very pleased, my father spent almost the rest of the evening talking to him in cantonese while my mother gave me disparaging looks.
texas governor legalizes previously banned wrestling move
so that day mom and laura arrive unannounced.
now, i’ve been very sensitive around my husband when his weight is mentioned.
after my return to my japanese university, i decided to ask her directly.
cracking sound alerts man he reaching styrofoam plate's weight limit
on reflection i don't think i would care much if my father died either, or my mother, or the rest of my family.
elderly mother at that age where even just one fall over niagara could be fatal
sorry for the grammar misspells and whatever the fuck, it’s late and i’m tired.
sprint, t-mobile ceos merge into grotesque executive hybrid
tl/dr: hubby wants to apply to harvard law school and i told him i thought it was a bad idea.
gym places flowers, white spin bike in spot where soul cyclist killed
or to burst out crying when you see the same breed on the street?
hundreds of rowdy starship crews disembark in nyc during intergalactic fleet week
so aita for thinking people should wash their hands?
here’s all 3 times just for you: crab fried rice at eddie v’s - it comes with butter and just the description sounded fucking delicious.
my girlfriend wanted to go home to visit her family (she paid for this with her savings) so off she went for a month over the holidays, this while i was at home studying- 12-14 hrs a day including christmas day and new year.
blood runs down house of representatives walls as chamber itself selects new speaker
i admit that i have a different perspective than she does on the situation, in that i know even if we're not there, our daughter is safe and cared for by the nicu nurses.
i had arrived to work in a good mood having exercised earlier in the morning so i would go in with a positive attitude.
on weekends i drive 1 hr to stay at my nuclear family's home, and usually i just stay in my room unless somebody needs something, or needs help.
man from last week smacked into present day
am i wrong to assume that i should be notified that the refill isn’t free?
these meetings can take up to two hours.
a few other things were happening concurrently with her - her own relationship with her (now ex) bf was falling a part and she had to move back in with her parents, a friend of hers died of cancer (after a year’s long struggle) and she had some weird skin reaction so her face was pretty busted for a number of days.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: because it's hypocritical & implies your guild has better values which is not true &#x200b; &#x200b; me: how is it hypocritical?
that's understandable, i was not upset about that, cause it definitely made sense.
when she updates her will, i won't care if she doesn't include me in it.
is it wrong of me to just want to escape however possible?
i, as a man of pure talent, claimed she photoshopped the picture, and she shows that she is annoyed with that response.
this makes me think that maybe my break check came at the same time as another one of his ramming bluff attempts; he was speeding up at the same time i checked him.
my boss has texted me saying that he thinks i'm rude and it's a slap in the face that we are having our own party when he gave us the night off for a different reason.
aita in case she actually had depression?
is my dog's behaviour in any way acceptable?
she does not think the same though, constantly talking about how much she loves him, they even moved in together and plan a future together.
i am not invited out for lunch anymore.
report: election day most americans' only time in 2016 being in same room with person supporting other candidate
currently my floors are bare concrete and plywood.
just cuz your friend is there.
epa unveils plan to improve conditions for nation's sludge
i say also i’m not inbreeding my dogs because i’ll be getting them from two separate breeders.
getting a lot of angry texts from wife and her side of the family.
grant knew this and told me he didnt want to cause anything between us if he were to reach out to her.
i got home fine and went to hop in bed and right as i did i got a knock on the door.
we have started experiencing with oral and many times i’ve went down on her, often after her asking me to.
he is an electrician and she was in medical.
i initially listed it for $50, and no takers after a week.
(he gets very angry, where our son and i will have to avoid talking to him, etc.
i can't really remember than many details from this story since i was filled with anger at the time.
house of blues opens drive-thru window
the complaints aren't exactly being phrased in a friendly way either.
i don’t take interest in girls very much, and i’m a cripple so i don’t really think they should take interest in me, so i don’t blame her for being overzealous.
i personally think it's better to have a lot of false positives than a single false negative, so i put up with that.
i feel like she would lie about things and not owe up to it, say it was just a “mistake”.
i asked to have an honest discussion about all this.
he said that we should only post basically memes on my account and actual content on b’s account, and that people might get the impression that one of the accounts is an ‘imposter’ (together we have about 15 followers, 4 of which are hers, no one wants to imitate that).
she said she was sorry that i was annoyed.
i also stay up till about 12-1 doing homework for my mba.
this developed into a full-on argument where he was accusing me of lying just to embarrass him and disrespecting him by not eating the snacks he made (it was a cheese platter wtf who does that?) and after an intense screaming match i left his house and texted him later in the afternoon saying i never want to go to his house again and that we're not friends anymore.
man wouldn't have worn costume to work if he'd known he was getting laid off
she makes me stay behind after lesson and talk to her, she tells me what i did was wrong and she says she would’ve done something if she knew about it but i know that’s total bs, head of english department walks in asking what happened, teacher shows me negatively, i have to say sorry to get no punishment.
house haunted by elks club members
she continued crying and punching the roof of the car, and eventually i snapped and yelled at her, saying things like “stop acting like a baby” and “just suck it up and deal with it”.
he said something along the lines of, "wow, oh damn.
god weirded out by christian who loves him after only month in church
so yesterday i told her - for her own safety - that i wouldn't allow her to keep seeing him unless i was allowed to meet him in person.
the other issue, is that it’s apparently impacting his confidence.
&#x200b; then i start to regret my decision because who leaves the love of their life while they're in rehab, when they recognized they had a problem and got help??
she went off on a rant about how i had been unacceptably angry, "had my claws out" (whatever that means), accused me of tearing into another player, etc, and i just asked her what exactly i had said.
hotel bar really hopping tonight, says hotel bartender
the substitute then told us that the other 2 papers would be due the next day (friday).
honestly i’m not good at break ups, so i’m sure i’ve done something wrong there.
&#x200b; so, i think i went to far...but what do you think?
wibta if i guilt my boyfriend into not attending a party tonight that i cannot attend?
my phone is dead so i take hers.
four days later she asked me to get her contact lenses and glasses cause whatever happened to her contacts and asks me to driver over 20 minutes to her work.
lost gondolier in middle of adriatic sea
the two of them just ruined any type of relationship i could have with the kid.
a said she easily develops a crush, is clingy, needs affection instantly, and by that i mean instantly.
now my catahoula doesnt like other dogs.
airbnb host decides handwritten note necessary to protect cocktail sauce in fridge
report: getting parents off back now accounts for 38% of economic growth
me and the entire family were thrilled with the idea-- and happy to get her out of that deathtrap so she didn't have an accident at 65mph, and not 5mph.
my roommate tends to sleep at 11ish while i sleep at 3-4, usually studying doing hw etc.
donut-shaped thing in kitchen junk drawer has no discernible purpose whatsoever
please don’t try to preach to me about how to handle these types of things again.
area man just in bad mood because he's tired and an awful human being
i ended up breaking things off with my ex because i knew things wouldn’t be going anywhere especially after developing feelings so easily for someone else.
i had just told her about my exam, so i figured she'd be considerate enough to adjust her plans accordingly i stayed at the library all day.
i got my check (woohoo!) and everything seemed fine.
edit/tldr: i really *want* to cheat on someone.
homeland security director releases list of terrorists who don't have the balls to attack u.s.
7-eleven shareholders approve sale of busch light six-pack
i figured it out quite young and it made me not trust my mom but i never confronted her about it.
i refuse to feel guilty because i can't afford to buy good useful gifts for people and i'm sick of people putting my name on a gift i didn't even buy, and having the recipient say "thanks" to me after they open it.
i know some people joke around and sometimes have innocent "work husband's".
anytime their team did something obviously wrong he would shrug and say “ref didn’t see it”.......
ok, so why not just say that instead of making it seem like everything i said was so wrong that you couldn't decipher it?
hideo kojima says new experimental video game will consist entirely of 2-hour-long cutscene
before me and my gf moved in together i told her i hate cleaning, i despise it and i won't do it, i will give a hand from time to time but that's it!
cheap airfare sole reason for trip to italy
so last tuesday was my 19th birthday, and me and this girl i'm seeing were going to go get dinner together.
serious question: does it make any difference that i offered as part of a problem solving situation in which she was trying to figure out how she was going to get her crap out there?
during november i had developed a connection with someone who showed me respect and admired me and liked me.
fda figures it will get around to regulating supplements with names like black widow, yellow demon
tl;dr: guy cheated on my friend in her car and every girl he‘s dated since then.
parents wish weak-willed daughter would push back against violin lessons just a little
superstitious clinton refusing to change her beliefs following hot streak in polls
since learning that, i haven't started seeing her less.
her dad was also atheist and requested to be buried in a cardboard box, no headstone or religious speak.
other people have ranted about politicians, celebrities, corporations, ect and even if we disagreed it was all in good fun.
so it was in his hands now.
i don't know if this is a huge red flag and i should just break up with him now or if it's something that i should work try and work through.
&#x200b; &#x200b; girlfriend told me and my son that she doesn't want to risk ruining her body, but i told her she won't ruin it.
80 percent of u.s. populace now selling handmade jewelry
but when he did it, my wife was expressively upset(crying) and he was willing to watch her suffer.
however, a’s boyfriend who is also my friend knows and this has created a situation of having to keep this from a because he knows the revelation would cause a lot of emotional damage.
obamas decide to stay in white house until daughters finish high school
aita for leaving my bully locked out of her home barefoot and without her keys and phone?
nation's stray dogs call for increased wino-vomit production
beer aisle scanned for something asshole friend won't mock
i came home from work today and while putting the groceries on the counter felt heat from a plate.
college allowing students individual commencement speakers to make ceremony acceptable for all
thank you everyone for your insight :)
i haven't brought it up or shown signs that i know, yet.
the reason that i got annoyed was because imo one of the big reasons (but not only) for seeing each other is the physical intimacy.
his mom had cancer when he was 6 and he was told she would pass (she didn't), but he's the least understanding person.
man worried harassing messages he sending on dating app getting lost among abuse from other guys
i send him a long text explaining that i can barelly leave my bed, and that i'm bordeline suicidal, and that i feel like a leech for my family, and that its hard to even do most things when i feel like that.
i always felt i was to smart to be pranked, but i guess i was wrong.
unemployed bob barker spends morning watching 'price is right'
video store's 'favorites' shelf offers telling glimpse into manager's psyche
emotional el chapo reunited with family following passage of criminal justice reform bill
so i don’t know where he found this one girl but she was trashy.
'the time to act is now,' says yellowing climate change report sitting in university archive
i'm being accused of being homophobic now, but that isn't true and i'm getting even more annoyed.
now we always refer to this apartment as “ours”, even though it’s mine by law and in fact.
he got back to me a bit later since he’s at work.
(side note: i don't have any allergies at all and neither does anyone in my family or any of my friends.
company flat-out asks female candidate how much mileage they can get out of her before she has baby
they said they would pay back some monthly and some during income tax.
i don’t know why i didn’t.
new google streep view to provide panoramic imagery of meryl streep
the problem was that rose was firm in believing that her mom wouldn't help her.
however, she doesn't want to take the opportunity.
trump welcomes jefferson davis statue as special state of the union guest
woman already off to bad start as mother after requesting epidural
god admits there was probably a better way of giving humans taste of heavenly bliss than opioids
she still stormed off to her room in a huff and hasn’t said a word to me.
germany disavows ties with the scorpions
i was locked in my room, door closed, didn’t even come down for dinner (didn’t eat dinner) didn’t even come down to refill my water bottle.
thus, i find it hard to ask them if i could go on this trip but i think they would most likely allow me to go.
she wad super mad at me after, but it was her fault for not going in the first place.
we have been together for about a month now.
so i decided to rip out the controller from my brothers hands but he got violent i was only trying to rip the controller out of my brothers hands.
st. peter scrambling to throw few more innocent souls into hell to meet monthly quota
man dying from cancer spends last good day on phone with insurance company
&#x200b; now this is not to say my friend won't do all these things, as they're her family she tries to help them all out as best she can but on the whole they are all very ungrateful for the things she does for them.
aita for commenting on my girlfriends breakfast choice?
mike pence visits small town hit hard by kids seeing r-rated movies
presence of three round objects triggers juggling reflex in local man
it’s an accelerated program (one year instead of two) and virtually everyone is going off to medical school once we finish here.
grey parrot disappointed to discover rest of aviary a bunch of idiots
i could tell the attraction was there though.
my sister (the one who got her wedding paid for) refused to attend his funeral, even though both me and my elderly mother asked.
melania releases statement calling for removal of first lady from white house
from the title many of you would immediately answer yes, but now for the context.
violinist sick of doing mozart covers
at least the ones who have the video.
i love my mom very much, but i'm scared for her and i have been losing my patience.
university of illinois researchers find link between attending university of illinois, receiving solid education at great price
only a few people have remained in contact with him and he must be manipulating them because they are critical of my relationship with his ex.
he started screaming that he loved her and to come back.
my mom said that she was going to tell santa about that (so basically, she's going to pay for all of that but she says it in another way because of the christmas mood).
anyway, a few days after she stayed at my place i sort of told her to leave me alone, and i stopped talking to her for about 3 weeks, up until maybe yesterday or so, like no contact at all, and tbh though i told her that i would talk to her again when i felt ready i was pretty set on not talking really ever.
i feel that i never get anywhere with girls, and that i'm wasting my time with this shit.
my friends weren't okay with that either.
10 minutes later, and in through the doorway i hear the opening music to clue.
i feel like our whole relationship may have just been based on her jealousy over mutual friend.
woman has no business being an extrovert
scientists theorize what would happen if they touched a cloud
i think that context matters when a joke is told.
checked-out drill sergeant just calling every cadet a chowderhead
obama camp vows to win neighborhoods where romney staffers are too afraid to go
am i an asshole for expecting a real trip?
bill says he thinks i'm a bad person, and an asshole.
so, long story short, i am pro-life.
he said his kids had to go to bed at 8:30 and the bass from my car was rattling his walls.
school surprised to learn student committed suicide over pressures of intro to communications
“you wouldn’t?” she said sounding surprised.
fast forward a week later, i'm talking to her on the phone and she says, "by the way, i'm high." i asked her why she would do that, and she said, "because i'm a grown adult and i can make my own choices," and "weed isn't a big deal." i told her that i don't want to have a future with someone who smokes weed, and also violates my trust.
i wake up like five minutes later, continue helping at the same customer, and looked at their invoice on the computer.
i became distant with her and could not get rid of the negative thoughts that started to form in my head.
he was mad because they took him out of some program, put him back in and then got mad when he got mad.
offbeat congressman having trouble finding committee to fit into
it's like a "get out of jail free" card for dinners.
report: average american spends 25% of life waiting in line at cell phone store
it’s mostly memes but i feel she’s my friend and i care about her.
he kept hinting at things like he thought i was cute and making slightly sexual jokes.
i told him no, and gave him my reasons, and he seemed a little bit upset.
she wants to start going to bed early so she can wake up at like 5 am her time to exercise before school.
a friend of mine told them that i would take the place of their fifth voice that left the choir without knowledge of the posts.
neighbor shouted that he wants to try "introducing" the dogs from their yard.
i said yah you are fat and chubby and if you want to prove them wrong eat less get off your ass do some exercise.
i told her to take her complaints with him.
i'll go and ask." waitress returned and says "it's made by [company]." "no no sorry i mean where is it from.
i i really do not want to be the asshole as i do think it is bullshit when nonpublic figures face repercussions at work for things they post on social media if they are not representing their place of work on social media.
2, it's possible the car horn didn't work.
supreme court understudy fills in for scalia
struggling justice alito sent down to lower federal court
we have settled into her giving me oral sex, which i do enjoy somewhat and but that she really enjoys.
a week later, while i was still in the "maybe i just didn't try hard enough to work it out with him" phase, my ex got together with someone else, one of the new people in our friend group.
doctor advises man with healthy blood pressure to really fucking let it rip
aita for asking a new co-worker not to bring in his cultural food ?
also, i don’t think he’s the asshole in any way.
so my question is - aita for not letting my boyfriend play any grindy video games or is it justifiable?
he tried getting a job at her job, he has hacked most of her social media at least 5 different times, and has threatened to kill one of our closest friend, this really friendly, awkward guy.
one housemate and her so (that doesn't live here) had problems with this and wants us to leave it here.
he ended up blocking me in the end.
one out of fourteen adult guests has a problem with alcohol and i just don’t think it’s fair to not serve wine for that one person!
poll: 89% of americans believe obama has failed to bring america closer to celestial utopia of endless pleasure
that was pretty much the last i saw of her, and she blocked me on all social media.
we’re nothing similar like me and my ex, but we connect on greater level where we aren’t fighting all the time like i was with my ex.
in my last two years of highschool i used lsd a fair amount with a (formerly) good friend of mine -- call him milo.
man has no idea what to do with visiting friend between meals
poll finds 100% of americans blame shutdown entirely on colorado representative scott tipton
53-inch child thrown from roller coaster regrets nothing
viagra announces real medicine that gave customers erections was confidence all along
queen elizabeth hoping she dies before having to knight any djs
at this time i started talking more to his girlfriend.
so, this is a little bit odd but an interaction that happened today has made me feel really weird and bad.
at the end of the meal, she brought the check and i told her i would like to speak with her manager.
hypothetical multi-ethnic customer base smiles down from hmo billboard
e.l. james admits new erotic novel originally 'tiny toons' fan fiction
aita for planning to break up with my girlfriend 6 months in advance?
even though she has done this for me, i don't feel like i owe her any money or any objects (like jewelry) because she raised me.
what grieving widow needs is a day at the spa
after they've been separated for three days.
is there anything i can do?
i am the eldest of 5 siblings, 3 girls and 2 boys.
anyways we are in the process of giving each other our stuff back.
report: some crazy shit probably happened to classmate being raised by grandmother
slim tried to stop her but she said it’s either that or she pummels me in my unconscious state.
a classic jason somehow gets mixed into area man's anecdote collection
the two sisters started having a yelling match until eventually g said “you know what, i’m don’t even want to eat lunch any more” and stormed off.
everyone in coffee shop billing for their time
i made friends with these people and cared about them.
we have this asian kid who’s racist, like really racist.
aita in this conversation asking for emotional support on facebook messenger so i've had a whirlwind of emotions the past few hours about this conversation and i am not sure whether or not i am in the wrong here.
ex-boyfriend just thought he'd check in and throw entire day off
my brother and i live together.
now we are in a motel in australia, half an hour after a very long, hot, steep hike.
it was just a "stamp" art project meant for school.
hero of the common man talks to plumber for entire time he's in house
i did forget to mention mom did say i don’t have to pay for my half of the stove.
madonna gives birth to million-dollar marketing scheme
in a year or so, i've never had a warning of an earthquake that poses actual danger.
if area dad steps on legos one more time
this review i left summarizes my experience perfectly (i didn’t pay beforehand).
i don't understand why she couldn't make the effort to check whether it's the right fuel.
he’s been nothing short of wonderful and supportive throughout, which makes this situation even more confusing.
i again said it felt like i wasn't wanted here or valued, and i was reassured loudly that i was, so i said i wanted to give it a week and see how the new activities went.
the both freaked the fuck out.
on top of this his house was being renovated for months on end after he purchased it, i was woken at 8:30am on my days off work for months and not once complained.
sometime after that, my mom moved out and we started subletting from her.
vulture feeling nauseous after eating bad rotting deer carcass
it wasn't just that i wanted to be able to hang out with them, but i genuinely thought they would be a great fit for the team.
i thought they would pay me back the discounted rate but they ended up buying all new appliances and made my boyfriend take numerous trips to the apartment to pick everything up.
in my frustration, i put my hands on my head and she immediately followed with “why are you making this about you?” i tried to explain that i was struggling with each month getting our hopes up and that she probably felt the same way.
i didn't sleep well last night and was in the middle of my work day when the exchange below occurred: \-------------------------------------------- \[5:49 am\] him: morning, hope you had a good night.
george h.w. bush's casket completes log flume journey to u.s. capitol
single woman would love to hear them call her lonely now that she has basil plant
my legs barely touch the floor, so i offered to sit criss cross so she could stretch her legs across all three seats.
i once saw a doc on a surfer with aspergers and he was cool as shit.
he's really only comfortable with me, so i love that he feels like he can be himself.
report: average person spends 27% of lifetime in the way
nation finds solace in knowledge candidates taking years off own lives by running for president
one of these coworkers recently revealed that he makes 350k dollars a year, 50k more than myself.
so anyway, we live right by this giant hill, and me and my sister decided to like, go sledding or whatever.
good luck." so i reported the thread to my advisor, his advisor, and one of the grad advisors.
it seems unrealistic to me for him expect a neighbour to never have friends over, have a dog that never barks and never make noise that can be heard right next door.
aita for never bringing food to work potlucks?
christmas at my house is a complete fucking joke, i don't even know why we still do it.
in fact, we just started planning this 2 days ago when it should have been 1 month ago minimum.
they used to respect and love me.
royal wedding photographer feeling pretty guilty about time he ran princess di off road
i asked if it was hers and she said it wasn't hers.
nyse admits: this is all make believe
my dad accepts full responsibility, but hes still a man with a lot of love for his children.
i fully believe i'm \*entitled\* to a temporary permit, given my condition, the short-term prognosis, and the requirements for the permit.
he literally called me a “selfish entitled cunt” and i called him worse things too.
one that i enjoy, but one thats also grating.
they loved him too and followed him everywhere.
i also teach medical school students in small-group sessions, so have scheduled teaching sessions where they would have to find a back-up tutor if i cancel on short notice, or they would need to reschedule those students.
dnc files lawsuit alleging nation should never, ever stop focusing on 2016 election
my girlfriend of course loves him and doesn't see any flaws.
now, things were going fine for a while, j liked me back too, so....what happened?
basically, i became very involved and wanted her to be my full-time girlfriend, while she wanted to stay in a more loose, friends-with-benefits kind of relationship (but remain faithful to each other).
so now i'm thinking of a way to punish her.
i feel like he is overreacting but i’m not sure.
i don't mind kissing but he didn't take 'no' for an answer if i wasn't up for it so i just caved and let him kiss me.
they are very fragile and they have to be washed by hand.
man's idea for tweet just pops into his mind almost fully formed
lasik surgery allows baron to see without monocle
i woke up with a little puke on me and the bed, so i bleached and washed the cover to clean up.
he told me something along the lines of i thought you accepted me for who i am.
redwood tree completes 300-year plan to lean slightly to left
i have anxiety and i meant well, and she had a lot of points where she could’ve taken the hint.
woman judges cities solely by their airports
&#x200b; then there's me: 18, working my first job, averaging about **25 hrs/week,** just received my 2nd paycheck (first was already spent on some essentials), currently looking for a 2nd job, having a cosigner, and having imminent student loan repayment in the coming months.
i didn’t respond because i didn’t believe the offer was genuine, especially offering last minute.
he gets pretty embarrassed and pissed at me for not reciprocating and sticking with sam instead.
i don't want kids and i'm fairly certain i would make a shitty father, due to not wanting to be a father.
both times it seemed fine and they actually got along well.
we decided to discuss boundaries and she told me that as long as i didn't "flip things or be manipulative" then she'd be my friend.
so, reddit, wibta for ending things with this really sweet guy because of his stupid phone?
colgate unveils new dental grout to fill in gaps between teeth
that made me kinda realize that wow am i being played again?
>me: y'see, there is a trend of people complaining about the lack of combat in my games, which usually means i'm not doing a good enough job in engaging them in my stories.
i brought him to my boyfriends house and his cousins came as well.
well i didn't know she was trashed so when she crawled out i was like oh fuck we gonna get in trouble.
3 days before the wedding, i got a message telling me the wedding venue was changed.
none of us use silverware or flatware (all plastic for convenience) and none of us have ever entered each others rooms without the other being there.
nra calls for department of education to provide every student with body bag
i really am (after this she continued to try and convince me to go for a bit longer, basically the same thing as above.) i really do feel bad about rejecting my friend already, but she just isn't the type of person i could be in a relationship with and she is extremely unstable.
at first, we whisper, but i wanted to let him know how i feel.
no one will listen that i just don't love him anymore.
siblings quietly relieved oldest brother setting bar so low
bus-stop ad has more legal protections than average citizen
'new year, new caleb,' announces self-assured seventh-grader on first day of school
israeli high-school students hoping suicide bombing postpones exam
the ex and i had been together for 9 months and she recently brought up that the last guy she'd been with was one of the friends she'd first introduced me to from her friend group.
recently, my boyfriends ex wife's boyfriend was shot to death.
question is, was i the asshole here?
aita text exchange with a partner, user is in **bold**, partners reply is in *italics* **you going home to bed tonight or did you want to get together?** **2:30 pm** *hey!
mystery freshman dominates ice breakers, disappears into night
teen coming out of shell giving bully lots of new material to work with
(fyi we'd only be there for 5 mins as we were filming during break time) i start being more pushy (i.e.
that me was brighter, happier, and more optimistic.
he said he'd be out in 2 months at the most, and so i agreed.
so i just felt a lot lonelier that i would have wanted, but nobody's fault, right?
man excited to spend weekend back home catching up with old video games from high school
bus rider acting like fight not happening 4 feet away
my light went out at 10pm.
he also will try to go long stretches when he's home without smoking so that he doesn't smell, but of course this results in him being moody all the time from the nicotine withdrawals and he'll snap at me and for no reason.
aita for not responding to an old coworker via messenger despite the fact i have her stuff?
i said (maybe not my proudest moment) that being gay (am not but i thought this approach would be smart) i was less interested by her butt but more by the mismatch between her top and her short.
you knew i wanted to leave!' and now they're angry at me.
&#x200b; me: how have i treated you specifically wrongly?
this fall he removed all of those safeguards.
i have the right to question the environment my child is staying in.
joint chiefs chairman pretty sure he could pull off junta if he really wanted to
he's confessed to me that he's very self conscious that everyone thinks he's gay, and he's very annoyed/hurt that people see him that way.** ***part of the reason i feel like it would be such a betrayal if i was direct with him about my feelings.*** 3.
if so, how can i better understand the lines where sexual assault begins and being awkward ends?
he/she has always been a strange person, but seems to have over the last year or two developed some really strange narcissistic/paranoid type behaviors.
later, i'm in a room with exec and volunteer just chilling.
i told her the moment i would apologize to a fat and ugly bitch like herself is the moment i get the rope and end it.
area woman can't bring herself to pardon store's appearance
cory booker introduces oversize velvet blacklight bill decriminalizing marijuana
at this point my friend knew that i liked her but he was always flirting with her during their off hour at school.
tldr; brother stole $50 from me and i took $6.50 back from him.
i used to have a lot of friends who i would stay up late with and play video games with but as the years went on people grow up get jobs and become too busy.
they were his babies and he spoiled those dogs rotten.
i brought it up to my friends, saying that i wanted to invite her to something we were planning or spend time with her, but they all said that they didn't like her or they didn't want to, and that it was a's own fault that we didn't spend any time together anymore.
me and my roommate (r) are both college kids, with him being a year younger than me.
trump boys defend sending saudi arabia plans for cool missile on personal etch a sketch
at high school, it wasn't different.
obviously not seriously but we just find it interesting to explore each other’s tastes-and i said annie.
and understood that i wouldn't have started dating him if he hadn't stopped.
and as such, she could change her priorities.
man who just beat computer solitaire never asked for overwhelming sensory assault of victory animation
yet, i can't help but feel disappointed in myself for making a girl cry in order to get what i wanted.
anyways, i'm doing better in this new relationship.
group that makes dodge truck commercials called 'creative team'
the problem came a few days ago.
i’ll tell you what, we’re flying to london tomorrow, and we can have lots of yummy pizza there.
police seek suspect in series of random later hostings
i left her room annoyed and just went back to watch the movie.
demoted cop unsure why desk job considered punishment
i was reading back in old chats, because i was still trying to read up on this guy.
engineers still unable to produce styrofoam cup without little center nub sticking out from bottom
is she the asshole or is it me?
after an initial moment of discomfort and uncertainty on her side she started blowing me and a little after she was done she did it again.
i watch movies with him, i let him touch me, i let him do what he wants.
i ignored him and kept doing it anyways because it was our deal from the beginning.
area man's knee making weird sound
i honestly felt sick to my stomach.
who knows how long we would have to try for?
everyone begins to think i'm a bad guy because she has issues at home despite not telling me this (i would've been fine calling off filming if this was true).
this year she wants to get a hotel for two nights instead of staying with them.
so, to clarify, my sister and i have a fairly complicated relationship.
about a year ago, my best friend (31f) and i (27f) were casually hanging out at a bar with a guy (43m) we had just met who happened to be a friend of a friend.
i start to mention how there's a lot extra and she should go ahead and help herself.
i finished my shower and had to carry my dirty clothes through the floor level and up the elevator back to our room to finish getting ready.
it's been several hours now and he hasn't made a single noise from his room.
when they were severely understaffed, then lost the office manager and another important person....i stayed.
&#x200b; then to heroes of my friends helped me calm me down(lets call him arthur) and the other two cleaned it up(thank fking hell they we're there i could not cleaned that shit bro) and really praise them that they helped.
she then left but we still texted whenever she had some time away from him.
her step-brother for example lives at home and in general doesn't do much with his life.
she said let me explain, but at that point i didnt really want an explanation, just a yes or a no.
beloved father and infrequent pornography user loses 3-year battle with cancer
&#x200b; aita for getting annoyed by this and thinking its rude?
(we aren't religious, have never been and have never went to church) it's dec 22 and our fake tree isn't even up yet.
we’ve joked about him losing his hair and even tried to see what he would look like bald.
she does this thing where sometimes she’s hypersexual and sometimes she breaks down crying, panic attacks, etc.
the thing is, i don't trust her guy friends.
obviously i wouldn’t do anything unless she agreed to it though so anyway, about a week ago she attempted suicide and yesterday she was discharged from the mental hospital.
birthday card for david axelrod circling around afghan war meeting
she didn’t give me a nasty look or anything, but i still felt bad.
and i was stuck with the other dog again.
so i let his girlfriend know what was going on.
r shoved him a little and said “i wasn’t recording you, you retard!” just seeing my friends yelling and getting mad in class i start to laugh.
she insists i order it, so i do.
'wow, no one saw this coming' nation groans as norway's 'kon-tiki' nabs best foreign picture nomination
nra starts up their shit about what would be even greater injustice
'it's just a costume, it's just a costume,' man nervously assures himself as giant hot dog starts walking toward him
it didn't quite matter, since we had a good time anyways.
the screen was big enough to where he wouldn't have to move his neck.
report: scientists still decades away from deciphering wireless bill
thus far the only word that’s given the amount of meaning and satisfaction when said is “you monkey”.
kinky couple has mirror in bathroom
&#x200b; after like 30 min the other girl caught up to me and told me that i should calm down and that my eruption was really embarassing...for me.
ranking women somehow not issue in miss usa debacle
her last words when i told her i just wanted to know how she felt was, "how do you think i feel?" i don't know, reddit.
him pushing this guy was only a two second thing but tripping him may have been to extreme.
i told my wife about this and she said that i'm an asshole for assuming some young guy was trying to hurt me and that i could have ruined his chances of having kids over my paranoia.
in the last couple of years, i've made some progress, using the phone apps, audio lessons, workbooks, etc.
so reddit, who is the asshole.
it makes me glad to know that i can be a better person than her when it comes to plenty of things, and that despite my disability i don't need to rely on her to come to decisions.
without going into what those are, it basically just means she can’t do anything.
she keeps insisting she did it for me and i keep telling her outright i specifically told her that she knew i wasn't cool with that shit so i have no idea why she'd "do it for me." i returned the money she said she spent on the shoot and communication has been very strained.
man bitten by radioactive sloth does the lying-around-all-day of 10 normal men
local radio station has got some doobie brothers coming up for you
area man bored with all the porn he owns
sorry for formatting i'm on mobile.
aita for not wanting my girlfriend to smoke weed?
i am going to keep playing games until my school starts in the spring.
local man unsure if woman type of lesbian who only dates women
she is now mad at me for not telling her that i needed to leave.
so i've started to wrap gifts and slap names on them.
climatologists secure funding to breed glaciers in captivity
america a fascist police state, stoned underage drunk driver charges
tl;dr: i only give bare necessities to one of my cousin’s dogs but i love and take well care of the other.
dad's the stay-at-home parent who helps out at my mum's work; in any case, throughout early childhood, dad's always been the one making dinner, doing drives to and from school and generally being present and active.
i'm totally unprepared for this response (wtf), and i try to ask him if we could do some other things first like jerk off or bjs, or he could top me but he tells me he's not interested in any touching whatsoever.
when i told my flatmate this she was like ‘i’m not living with her’...she has no reason to dislike this girl, the girl is a bit annoying, but she’s not a bad person.
new carl's jr. bedtime burger designed to be eaten while asleep
cretinous reprobate home for the holidays
they are bu but dont have a relationship with each other they dont find each other attractive but are best friends.
cocktail party gets as wild as it's going to get
explosion used to signify big savings
family comes first, reports man trying to get out of work
swollen rex tillerson spotted rushing to place mouth over leaks spouting in keystone pipeline
one night he messaged me saying that he had just broken up with his partner.
man, woman experiencing 2 very different sexual tensions
at some point, our group found its way to the basement portion of the bar.
even though i continued to stay with my dad (beneficial to both of us as i couldn't work and he needed help around the house), i had to go to my doctor appointments alone, and deal with that stuff.
i asked for an open relationship and he refused, and will not offer any other alternatives on how to solve this relationship issue, as i see myself unable to survive in a long term relationship without a sexual spark.
she says that i should learn that that isn't something i should say in a setting like this.
man who keeps keys on carabiner must rappel into office building every morning
and then if they persist i troll them till they go away (i've never blocked someone myself before this) now we get on to today's feature: dense cuntface mcgee
i would make the occasional shitpost here and there at first but nothing too bad.
white male privilege squandered on job at best buy
i kept applying for him and he wouldn't respond to the emails.
so now he’s saying that he’s just going to commute instead of staying of winter term (biting off his nose to spite his face), which will be a way bigger hassle for him than it would be to just eat the $150 and be a five minute walk away from class.
edit: we are all 17 and 18.
medical mj was also just legalized in the state we live in but not the one we work in and it has been shown to help with both ts and migraines, but because it’s not legal in our employers' state neither of us are seriously considering that route.
i say didn’t you see the list?
i’m open to doing monogamy again, if he wants this, but now i’m mostly confused and don’t know for certain if i want a monogamous or polygamous relationship.
technically this is okay as i said i don't mind her being round 3 days, but now i don't think i'm cool with her round the whole weekend.
clear theme of obedient children emerging in father's bedtime stories
my messages are in blue and the messages from my friend are in white.
i now have to be in a stress workshop as my college thinks this is the reason as why i made the joke.
we have birthdays on seperate days, but due to the time zones when it is her birthday in my country, it is my birthday in hers so we wish one another on the same day and we have for years.
for the two days he would be attending nursery, he would be able to stay at our house.
scott pruitt accused of bribing fifa referee within 10 minutes of u.s. world cup announcement
&#x200b; edit, trying my best not to justify myself: i canceled the party because i didn't want to throw a party with a bunch of people i didn't really know well coming.
regarding the request for space, when she first rejected me i asked for space for myself since being rejected isn't nice and i didn't really know what there was to be said at the time, asides from respecting she wasn't interested and doing what i could to get over it.
congress passes bill to add armed patrol to u.s. poverty line
i say new-ish because he's played several games on that forum as well, but that forum was his first time playing.
she is a very self centred person, but i am still hurt.
&#x200b; eventually i got fed up and just unfriended her on snapchat, league of legends, battlenet and facebook.
this was around 11:30 or so.
flipping the bird is near universally accepted as a sign of aggression or anger towards the reciever.
(i haven’t told him it bothers me, as i don’t want to hurt his feelings) i know some people’s parents aren’t around anymore, and i get that, but my dad should know i love him without us having to text each other every single day.
so that brings me to a guy a started dating fairly recently.
report: adjectives 'tony,' 'snarky' used only by media
nasa issues formal apology for 1969 genocide of moon natives
i currently live about an hour and half away but i still see her and my son regularly when i get the chance.
i have been long distance with my girlfriend for two years(the long distance part being a little over a year) and its been , a long distance relationship, but i have managed to call her every night even when she was 3 hours away.
trump-appointed judicial nominee displays legal expertise by withdrawing nomination
so i'm not even a great candidate to cover him.
i would have killed you, dumbass." she said.
i somewhat regret buying the laptop as it was expensive but i planned for it to last long.
high school kicker finds it helpful to imagine football as object that needs to be kicked through goal posts in order to gain points
later found out from her friend that she called me an asshole for blatantly ignoring her and not greeting her despite seeing her.
it blows my mind that she would actively ignore a household animal and then claim it wasn’t her responsibility.
can’t tell if i’m being an entitled asshole or she was just being annoying for no reason.
subpoenaed trump organization financial documents reveal company's only holding is single dairy queen in new jersey
the other day (thursday), i had a rough day at school, so when i got home, i wanted to keep to myself for a while particularly strongly.
so you are looking at straight 7-8 months of chilled out life, with a job in hand and no study to do while others are freaking out for placements.
we had similar taste in music which was a big plus.
the whole thing felt super awkward on what i thought would be a semi-romantic night.
our coordinator wouldn't ask a jewish student to sign a card for a politician expressing anti-semitic views, or a black student to sign a card for a politician expressing racist views.
it was about 2am by this point, and we had quite a long drive ahead.
netflix defends 'queer eye' episode where the fab five forced to euthanize completely hopeless slob
i don't really know what to do, but i'm not so sure i want to go through with this wedding anymore.
fabled lost city of gold finally discovered off i-95 outside baltimore
he yelled at me telling that i already know how he feels about it and that it is bad enough that strangers see me naked and he couldn't believe i would invite his friends to do the same.
3-year-old terrified by sizzling fajita platter
so i'm a 19yo man who refuses to be just friends with girls.
report: 93% of drunk drivers get home just fine
experts warn climate change will increase incidences of stepping into puddle and getting whole goddamn foot soaking wet
me and this guy have a very very physical relationship (both are sadomasochists in the bedroom, and outside of the bedroom we love to roughhouse and hit eachother pretty hard but always playfully).
but that was actually a lie.
(c) we believe the baby will have a better future in the us.
sexual harassment, maybe, but it was (in her mind) a one time incident which she quickly recoiled from once she realized he did not (appear to) share her feelings.
passengers feel sorry for flustered toddler traveling with loud, obnoxious parents
you the newest subsidiary of kraft foods
grandma excited to show off new beach sweater
some girl who fancies herself in charge of birthday celebrations at work the other day tried to confront me in front of others about my birthdate and i politely told her that i think birthdays are for kids and i havent celebrated my birthday since i was a kid and i detest the "happy birthday" song.
i dont mind if he plays games that he can easily quit, but games that take too much time concerns me.
back story: i was with my fiancee for 2 years (living together) and things were really great until the last few months we were together.
aita for telling my friend the only reason her twitch is more successful is because she is s girl?
if the gift-giving (or lack thereof) is mutual then there's no problem, but i feel extremely bad accepting gifts from somebody who i didn't get anything for, but i'm not about to be rude and deny their gift.
t goes on to say that i'm nice, but i just have a very destructive personality.
my country is rather small and therefore the "big" streamers only average about 50 people at night.
first-grader given sticker for behavior during lockdown drill
eventually i found him standing at a street corner with the help of some german locals after about 3 hours of trying to track him down.
skip to the first friendly match i'd arranged for us.
years of networking, glad-handing sabotaged by coworker's good idea
i am getting the feeling that i am the asshole, but i also feel a little justified for being one.
i generally am very strict, so my kids don’t go out much and aren’t allowed to date until i say so.
it's not like i was calling on the first bark or anything.
aita for trying to hookup/start a thing with a friend, then stopping once she sent nudes because her body wasn’t what i had expected?
climatologists say humanity's best hope is hurricanes spinning in different directions and canceling each other out
my change is going to come to five dollars and ten cents, so you’re going to hand me a five-dollar bill and a dime.
like one at a time, we don’t sit in it all at once lol.
so i'm not sleeping with anyone else but them.
alec baldwin secretes own hair gel
450-pound man didn't go to doctor for a lecture
the rest of the class had, to that point, only dealt with 1 or 2 new students.
i really think its going to come down to him wanting to see her.
our nation's guard rails: are they safe enough?
last semester, we slept over at each other's places quite often, and would cook and clean together.
however about an hour later, she comes back to me that her classmates are already beyond tipsy territory, but she's still okay.
i open the box to check if he at least wrapped it.
area family awakes to find michelle obama tending backyard garden
but my anxiety has me so fucked up i cant think right, right now.
she's the one who's forcing everyone else in the house to adapt.
in the past i have clearly stated how much i loathe insects (cockroaches especially).
the last message she sent me from our last convo was "goodbye amithethrowaway20".
fastforward to later, i'm on my break making a coffee.
aita-got into a yelling match with a stranger while driving today i was driving towards an intersection and my friends weren’t able to decide wether wanted to go straight or left.
eventually i message k on an online group chat asking if she actually rng'ed her essays.
we have a new baby and delivery helps vs the short walk for takeaway.
it would only be for five months, and afterwards, our family was going to go to a different country to live there for good.
aita for canceling plans that were changed hours beforehand.
my father died right before new years.
her dad is some kind of doctor and her mom just comes from a wealthy family.
my grad school girlfriend has written articles about abuse and trauma since she's a psychology professor now.
i’ve always been the primary earner in our household (i work in a high-paying field, while my wife didn’t even attend college), so it wasn’t a big transition.
i was finding it hard to satisfy myself and started looking at pictures off twitter of people i knew, exes, friends, and just people i went to school with.
and i'm a little mad because even if i wanted to move my things out of there i couldn't.
she started crying after that, which is something she almost never does, and locked herself up in her room and we haven't talked directly since then.
she came back later, and me and my older male cousin walkled to her houes to pick her up.
fourth-grader drawing big blank on which year 9/11 terror attacks occurred
aita for trying to give her advice but making her cry in the process?
like, (i don’t mean this to sound condescending but) it’s someone’s job to fold it up again or put something back where it goes....
aita for not wanting to pay my son’s grandmother to watch him?
(i definitely didn't start this conversation) and after a while i'm thinking he's definitely looking to have some fun so i ask if i can give him a bj and he flips out and professes he's straight and definitely isn't into that.
so initially we got into a left turn lane, but they wanted to go straight so i check my mirrors and saw no cars coming so i signal and make an attempt to merge on to the right lane.
some background: i’d been with my boyfriend for a few years and things hadn’t been going great.
she wasn’t easy to deal with and she tried to get another 5 euro donation from me.” i went upstairs and began writing this report while the events where fresh in my mind.
i don't find it meaningful or fulfilling.
and its not like we were talking to her.
if they just end up missing what goes on, we still have to explain all of the events that happened when they get back.
both this time and a few days ago have been on rural highways in illinois so the cars are not thatttt common.
although my girlfriend takes my side on the situation.
the only reason he got this is because i am so tired of seeing him in crumpled shirts.
the main issue is i cannot sleep with all this noise.
pederast judge tries 11-year-old as adult
that bothers me, and i had finally had enough.
so tomorrow i am going to put more parsley on the eggs i make.
i didn't say much and tried to clean a bit more for her sake, but today it was like the 10th time she had that fucking sour face on because i didn't sweep the house.
new urban visor blocks out the poor
aaron eckhart likes to make one frankenstein movie for them, one frankenstein movie for himself
we differ in politics which sparked a drunken argument the other night.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: what of & behavior?
guy at house party must be at least 32
entomologists retract new spider species discovery after determining it actually just clump of dust, hair
nuclear bomb detonates during rehearsal for 'spider-man' musical
report: excitedly bounding into office remains leading cause of workplace injuries
he was lethargic mentally as well as physically; not exactly a good role model, but not quite on the level of dead-beat-dad.
my gf and i can't have sex that often, maybe twice or three times per month, once per week if we are pretty lucky, so we have to plan the day we will do it in advance.
where as xeriscaping yards (stones,gravels,dg) are not meant to be walked on.
our partners use to work together, but due to my partner being made redundant it was harder to hang out.
phone-sex ad masturbated to for 0 cents a minute
a ends up agreeing and says that it kind of gross that he hasn’t washed them.
frazzled robert mueller walking around with piece of russia investigation document stuck to his shoe
aita for telling my friend (also ex) i'm uncomfortable with his new relationship okay so this is kind of complicated.
knowing this, i've never been one to be too critical of other people's flaws.
clinton laughs off idea she politically savvy enough to launch revenge campaign on kavanaugh
but let me give you some back story.
i personally don't feel like i should still be paying rent, and i feel like i've done all i can do to get out of the lease, especially since i physically can't pay anymore.
aita for not letting my teenage daughter sleep over in a house in a really bad neighborhood?
they also joke that i look like the bad guy from cape fear.
we are both 20 with full time jobs but she doesn't have her drivers license yet.
he tried a second time to take it, this time i pushed his entire arm up and away from me (without hurting him, obviously) and told him to knock it off, that i can deal with it.
long story short, i got laughed at and called an idiot.
just to make sure they don't try to hit on her, or god forbid, actually get her to cheat or some shit.
he died one morning when i was asleep and she was kinda in shock i think.
i know this probably wasn't a big factor in her breaking up with me, but since we split up, i've been thinking a lot about about all of the little things which might have caused her to resent me.
i don't know how to cut it down.
we kept it at kissing, making out, going on dates and foreplay.
aita for telling my gf i don’t want her to hang out with our old boss anymore?
my oldest cousin (21) is the one who drives us so ultimately he gets final say on who gets to come.
biden requests to be named special envoy to reno
the girl friend told me to find the cat before she gets home or she is leaving me.
its exciting and i'm really happy for her.
george r. r. martin kills off whole family
i’m a music student, have been one for my whole life.
masturbating mom can't get bobby flay southwestern eggs demo to stop buffering
aita for calling my gf gay in front of my gay roommate so my girlfriend and i have certain inside jokes that we make to each other from time to time, and one of these is calling each other gay.
my older sister has especially been abusive to me.
now regarding the youngest, she is an objectively ugly child.
margaret thatcher's ashes scattered over free market
casual friday claims lives of 13 nuclear-waste-disposal technicians
followed by a good 20 mins of being yelled at.
she's now so distressed about it that she has had counseling for that and other issues, and recently after i tried to encourage her to give my parents some slack decided to report the events i've previously described from several years ago as sexual assault to the police.
my wife has made it clear she does not want them in the house, let alone staying over, and has only agreed to see my mum once without my dad.
not for any real reason, i just thought of him first and got angry and started packing a bag for me to leave but decide to stay the night in our house after all.
i kissed some other girls at some parties where she was also present which i later felt was kind of a dick move, but at least she found out that i wasn’t falling for her.
not to sound like a dick, seem like she couldn't stand being without me.
she told me a lot of private things about herself including that she's cheated before.
podcaster makes solemn promise to improve sound quality next episode
breaking: mom dropped like 80 bucks on some necklace with an owl on it at the art fair
zangief blasted for disrespectful celebration after fight in spain
i told my girlfriend she couldn't come unless she's better by tomorrow, because this could end very badly for my mom.
my mom won't let me look at them and has been asking me to sell them (because i have younger siblings who might see them), this girl has been mocking me and calling me a weeb, my uncle has been onto me about looking at lewd drawings over real women.
i have a lot of empathy for how she's feeling so i feel horrible.
after i asked what happened in the dream she told me the whole dream, where she slept with "this other guy" at the bar in a room.
i pour the drink out on the floor when he leaves for a moment.
early last year i floated the idea of him coming to malaysia with me for chinese new year in 2019 to meet my extended family, he was thrilled with the idea.
the crosswalks near the school are all manned by a crossing guard.
&#x200b; in the few times that i've brought up the prospect of breaking up if we have a fundamental compatibility issue, he tells me that i'm his everything and that he wouldn't need anyone else so long as he had me.
aita for calling the police on a guy that i thought was a pedo who just turned out to be a father with his young girl?
we went on one date and it was amazing.
i started off by asking him about his career plans, and when he started to talk about the music, i interrupted him and said, « no, real plans ».
she however blows up at me after all this and says "no this is not a break.
then i get angry that she didn't tell me we might be at risk, but i don't say anything to her, because i knew i might regret it.
she applied for her first job at a local ski place.
she's texted me from time to time, asking if i'm feeling okay, and if i want to go out again, but tbh i don't feel like replying with anything more than a thumbs up or a "k".
fda approves new drug for treatment of social anxiety
he tells me to get out again, and i tell him he can sit in any of the other 5 chairs in the room.
baby jesus stolen from live nativity
to this day she doesn’t believe in god, but the condition of her staying in our home is that she at least attend church with us.
classmates.com employees don't have heart to tell ceo about facebook
thanks y'all for replying even tho many of you seemed to misunderstand some things.
for the first two or so days when she gets her period, she doesn't want to do anything.
&#x200b; i am currently in an open relationship with whom i shall refer to as ernie & kermit.
i think it's an overreaction, and now we aren't on speaking terms.
alien still hasn't gotten around to listening to whole voyager golden record
she goes irate and tells me to get out of her house with all her friends backing her up.
candidates preparing for colorado debate conditions with high-altitude speaking drills
so one day, i just had it.
so my argument is this; it's always listening so surely it can pick up everything else.
new girlfriend bears disturbing resemblance to old girlfriend
looking at it from his perspective, i'm guessing he felt that he had asked if i was ok, and asking about the record was the next logical thing.
secret service shuts down biden's unofficial white house tour operation
teen gives up smoking pot after seeing parents high
international women’s day comes around, she does a whole lesson on it, tells us to pick our female role model in our life, feminist pupil says hermione granger, not emma watson but the character, teacher agrees.
after careful consideration, bush recommends oil drilling
last weekend we met up with two of our other friends for brunch.
i am now in position to help and care for him.
on an outing, the three of us went to a local aquarium/museum/botanical garden place for the day.
i also want to state that i made my friend aware of that shortly after we met a year ago or so.
so here's the part where i feel like i might be the asshole...this gets frustrating.
in addition, while yes it is pretty cool to become an eagle scout, this coolness factor needed to be addressed in the higher management of the girl scouts and not just solved by blurring lines and pushing the girls that want to do cooler stuff into an organization that is already taxed by other recent changes and guidelines that are due to affect boy scout membership in a not so positive light.
but i also don't think it's anyone's job to be offended for another group of people.
i really would just prefer if he not go but i don’t want him to miss out or to hurt his feelings.
at the end of the night, maybe 11:30 i was outside and noticed there were about 12-15 cigars left.
i’m not sure that it’s true though that every other man will be wearing one, since there isn’t any official dress code for the wedding.
i got to a state college and there is a new professor this year.
aita for thinking that a prescheduled dnd session is more important than new plans with my grandma okay so for some context my family and i have a biweekly dnd session every other tuesday and they decided to schedule going and seeing my grandma for that same day and time as our session.
the difficult thing is that he describes the same feelings i have: struggling to let go, really missing me, trying to make it work with the new girl but not really managing to get a similar feeling of love or belonging as the two of us shared.
there was a queue at the desk with one lady there and as someone else came to man the second desk i went infront of her because i knew i'd only be 2 seconds and i really didn't want to potentially wait longer behind the lady.
aisle of hispanic food items all man needs to know about fate of country
i ripped the gun out of his hand and yelled at him.
so i go through the steps of reporting it to insurance.
apparently it's because of an "ankle injury", but you can never really be sure, i guess, as she still hasn't returned.
world's worst person decides to go into marketing
i know she will need help because she's having a c-section, etc.
i turn round stare them all down and then punch the empty seat next to mine where the girl had put her feet up.
it's just rude and highly annoys me.", out of frustration i replied "i dont give a fuck about being polite" and got "its rude and socially retarded if that makes it easier" back.
i hurt my knee doing leg press at the gym a few days back, and my doctor told me to rest background: i’m not religious but my family is.
this way i could argue from their point of view.
i also admire how keen she is to respect her father's wishes.
you can play, but not there.
aita for taking my ex's cousin on a trip with me?
the friend of the woman said something to the affect of "that's gross".
second life makes dream of owning fictitious coffee shop come true
in fact, a couple of times she'd ask me herself to let her know when i'm free.
i carefully emphasised that i wouldn't say anything to that player about their mistake, that i liked them and knew they had been working hard, i just didn't think it was fair of the team to blame that on me.
second-grade music student goes nuts with cowbell
we have been going here for over 20 years, can't we have atleast a bit of a discount?
but truly, am i being the asshole here?
anyway i told her that i’m not spending money on a hotel room and that i’m staying with my parents.
long post with lots of info but very important, tl;dr at the bottom.
but she feels as though my joke was of a different caliber.
&#x200b; she was travelling for work (travel expenses such as taxis from airports covered) and was away for one day, the airport is about 6 miles/20 minutes from our house.
exclusive tsa pre-check allows passengers to fly without waiting for airplane
**agent** i’m sorry your order was not delivered as expected, i can process a refund.
am i the asshole for not participating and/or not taking him all over town for stuff related to the trip?
he was okay with it but we talked the other day and he acknowledged that it was really emotionally damaging for him.
i've done stuff like this before on accident and always apologized.
i tried to go back to when she started college to see what she thought about me when she first met me.
at 9:50, she gives me an ultimatum: get everything downstairs and in the car in 5 minutes, or she’ll leave without me.
biden chokes up while describing hardworking americans who can only afford shitty ditch weed
couple of days later i see the original girl again and she's pissed at me.
am i being unreasonable in doing this request?
sometimes her coughing wakes me up in the night/morning.
she did not deny that it was, i then basically told her that she was violating the law and also violating company policy as she was drinking on shift, behind the desk, while in view of customers with her work shirt on.
it's your life and your choice, but please don't expect us to sacrifice ours." well, it all blew up.
i brought the issue up with my ex and i asked him if he could invite someone else the next time he hangs out with her so the two of them won't be alone together.
she put me down and compared me to our grandmother who says things like, "oh you know how the blacks are." (she's 80 years old; the rest of our family is not racist or anything) so, do you think i'm the asshole for not apologizing to her for this?
again, this is all new to me as i have never met a trans person before.
sony unveils matte-black box of red and green lights
i'd rather spend $500 on my kids on vacation and i think it's insane to get rid of the family dog, rather than it camp out for two weeks.
logan paul: 'i didn't realize people who commit suicide kill themselves'
woodstock '99 revenue projections displayed on multi-colored, laminated boards somewhere in l.a.
tipper's thumb delivered to gore campaign headquarters
aita for having oral sex with a drunk guy while i was sober?
and i just went nuts, i really don't know why i blew up like i did...
aita my husband's cat is vomiting everywhere and i want to have him put down aita my husband had this cat long before we met.
so i'll come home late and my wife (understably) gets upset so she will just tell me if i'm late don't come at all.
*bummmerrrrr*, i was one of them.
i've been friends with this person for over 10 years starting when we were very young, probably 7 or 8.
confused audience member at town hall debate asking about city's new stoplights
i don't want him to unless he gets a manicure.
royal family releases kate middleton ultrasound image
i have known my buddy since middle school (we are 35 now) and he has always been a serial cheater.
it makes me feel like a fucking robot moving hour by hour.
gaunt, sickly kirby takes leave of absence from video games following stomach cancer diagnosis
i asked this because i wanted to take a step back from the problem and see what other people’s perspective were on this topic.
i told her since my friends dont find me manipulative and she did it was super toxic to me and that i understood if she wanted to continue believing it she didn't have to talk to me.
**agent** is there anything else i can assist you with today?
governor lashes out against cheap scotch, poorly rolled cigars
alpha trick-or-treater established by third house
&#x200b; did i invite my boyfriend before asking my friends if that was cool?
wibta if i sent an email to someone saying that i forgive him?
i said i had to put pants on first.
4 months ago i got on tinder as a way to meet people in a casual setting because my social life is awful and i wanted a way to de-stress a little from graduate work.
&#x200b; probably not relevant i was carrying my 3 year old daughter.
no one has heart to ask human beat box to stop
4 angels banished from heaven for attempting to unionize
man with new generator hoping for power outage
but i still had my suspicions that he was just trying to get free gas.
she is not budging and neither am i.
i don't know, i guess i just feel stressed out, but i don't know what to do.
grandmother can't believe they let people with tattoos on price is right
he went off about shit like me commenting on his girlfriend's post and unknowingly reposting a picture of one of his friends (this was entirely unintentional -- i thought she was an instagram model or something).
supreme court legalizes gay marriage after landmark 193,000,000-115,000,000 decision
and yes i did say “please?” as in will you please unremove my post?
burglar makes sure to crack glass on family portrait
despite these facts, she continues to drop off comments like the one above, which i interpret as a deliberate attempt to have me force the conversation.
made no sense since she chose not to say anything, and i wanted her to talk.
spelling bee champion returns to school a hero, he imagines
bankrupt toys 'r' us forced to euthanize thousands of hatchimals
the management's clique basically had secret extra accounts and played in a secret voice chat, hidden from the rest of us, so we wouldn't be able to ask to join in.
so i told her if she didn't want my help with getting the tree, she wasn't gonna get it decorating it.
he could no longer remember who she is or toilet himself.
let me start by saying i don't ever lie to her about important stuff.
her: dude those girls said that they are so pissed at you.
afterwards, i finish cleaning up and i put the leftovers into the basement fridge.
sen. hatch says trump allegations not serious enough that scales should fall from eyes revealing what madness we have begotten
people already told me that my mental illness can only explain the behavior, but not excuse it.
now i dont expect that from people but i do expect some consideration for my feelings.
pyramid scheme 'not a pyramid scheme'
asthmatic child tired of hearing list of famous asthmatics
the thing is i go to the gym 4 times a week and im mainly doing it because i wanted to get a healthy weight and gain more muscle mass (i was once kinda skinny).
i love her to death and always want to support her in everything she does but i’m struggling to do so now.
abused 12-year-old alabama girl doesn't think she can handle being a mom on top of everything else
fourth-grader with shark tooth necklace must have killed great white
school flies deceased nerd's underpants at half-mast
societal collapse narrowly averted after man honks horn at car paused at green light
to me a full day of no contact is perfectly fine after something like this but its the big bad world and after a day you have to at least acknowledge your work trying to contact you.
she’s a cool girl and i can tell she really likes me because she’d check in on me and send me supportive messages and i started to like her back.
son needs costume, 30 individually wrapped treats tomorrow morning for some school celebration
i just don't see the cute part, i can't.
should she have played nice and let me get at least 1 question right?
the women in my family are all pretty decent or at least better than her.
**but there have been a few times in the morning she’s asked if we had sex the night before.
now small office so didn't get a chance to ask her privately if everything was ok but she never said anything to me or to my/our supervisor.
so to recap, i have zero interest in being with non-straight women, or lesbians, non-cis "women," or "queer" women.
i could not find any tickets for the musical that cost below several hundred dollars.
defense department holds bake sale to buy bomber
again, i am only hoping to rule out medical concerns for conceiving.
my daughter is always either over her friend's house or vice versa, they're pretty much inseparable.
we’re all happy and excited for the next one and for the next several sessions i say continue what you’re doing.
mom on vacation marveling at time difference compared to home
i attempted to contact the driver by calling the company during business hours, this morning, to be berated by the manager there, “carl”.
i have a reputation with this group of friends for being a snarky cunt sometimes, which they seem to enjoy, so the mourning friend asked what’s up with the smirk, and i said it’s inappropriate to say out loud.
i figured something like this had happened, since i know the fucking asshole, but nobody would tell me what happened.
i guess it’s been engrained in me that boys mature more slowly than girls.
he was disappointed and didn't ask any questions but i felt like he knew he had crossed a line by asking anyways so he didn't put up a fight.
i (m) am against third wave feminism and all of the stuff that comes with it.
i've cultivated a meta of brashness/assholery (which is counter to my behavior when i'm just talking with people normally); i'll admit though that sometimes i enjoy ripping apart someone whose read logic i simply disagree with completely.
seeing as i’ve seen this type of thing before, i assumed she would still want to eat, so spent the next 10 minutes finishing off her lunch and making it just how she likes it.
learning that she is an immigrant and english *probably* wasn't her first language, i proceed to compliment her on her english speaking ability.
scientists: rich people, poor people may have shared common ancestor
&#x200b; i was really close with this girl and we talked every night about really personal stuff and i felt a connection between the two of us.
the wife called the cable company to get our account transferred and they screwed the whole process up.
after a bit of embarrassment he goes back and enjoys the rest of the party.
**low** to the point where she might not graduate, and **low** to the point that if most people had those grades, they'd get sent home with a bus pass and an invitation to their local job fair.
louis c.k. fan disappointed at lack of psychosexual power games in new material
world wonders what trump has on united states that's forcing nation to keep him in power
i am visibly upset and as i am on the road he starts yelling again because he thought i swore, i didnt.
after eating i went to the bathroom (i actually announced that i was going to my bathroom to my sister before i went this will may be important later).
* these group chats are absolute chaos.
no one murdered because of this image
and have a mental breakdown?”* i lashed out and told him i didn’t need to think about my mother dying because what the actual fuck.
everything a goddamn ordeal in area family
she claims to enjoy sex and sometimes she’ll be the one to initiate it.
we were both around 15, and we weren't particularly friendly before this but we had no real animosity either.
uninformed buffoon barely comprehends conversation about taylor swift
coworker with two computer screens not fucking around
i am excited but i'm also really hurt by how he did it.
&#x200b; this situation happened two years ago on my birthday.
some of them definitely raised some good points, what i did was definitely dumb because it could have been potentially criminal (although i'm not sure about what the laws are in my state about removing someone from your vehicle).
but i was much less impressed with their patrons.
i check instagram and i’m nosey so i’m always checking to see what my friends are liking and i see he started following a stripper from a stripclub that is 3 minutes down the road from us.
now normally, i’m not one to fuss, but me and the shop owner jeremy have a gentleman’s agreement where i’ve been going to him and his shop for about 25 years now, he’ll usually put me ahead of the line and save me some time.
that said, i have this friend i play video games with and she’s transgender(male to female) and i had no idea that she was until i figured it out when she said she was going to a gay, queer, and trans meet up.
aita for expecting a bit of leeway?
man as surprised as anyone that he knows all the members of 'n sync
we usually share game consoles, and i’ve pitched in for other items since then including some controllers and half the cost of remastered okami.
or is it completely rude to cover your ears when someone is speaking?
he is with another friend who is also friends with sabrina.
she hates any kind of sport.
aita for being upset about my so using our open relationship?
was i too mean to the server?
e3 organizers cancel convention after discovering immersive power of literature
i had gone over to the charity with good will and in a good mood merely wanting to clear up a misunderstanding.
nation's lower class still waiting for first mention by either presidential candidate
i was fucking pissed, because i'm pretty sure what she just did could be considered assault and if they got my liscense plate i could be liable.
romantic prince harry surprises meghan markle with family's heirloom colony
microbrewer trying to work dog into name of new seasonal beer
paramount pictures proudly shelves latest film
rate of uninformed conversations about navy seals skyrockets
scarf tragically lost in 15-coat pile-up
my family contacts the landlord, homeowner, whatever and arranges for my bond to be posted and pays her for a months rent.
\- she also really rubs it in when i drop something fragile (plates and the such, nothing that can't be replaced).
then i started thinking, aita for not feeling like i should pay a full months rent ($500) for staying 21 days and putting ($800) up front for deposit/washer/dryer?
but, we started exclusively spending time together every weekend and she then asked me if we wanted "date" and not see anyone else.
but not before letting me know how pathetic i was for still believing in her.
full story below: i became good friends with this girl via a mutual friend.
i told her the honest truth and she broke down.
i just want to check here to see if what i'm saying seems off base or if its reasonable because i can't tell.
i cant really get any personal time because we’re so comfortable around one another that it’s not a big deal to share the shower in a non sexual way (my girlfriend and i that’s is).
first post, and i’m on mobile, so excuse my formatting and such if it’s bad.
i had only attempted to clear my conscience (not denying this for one second) and to be honest with her.
arby's releases barbara bush tribute edition curly fries
aita for wanting to excommunicate myself from my family if they haven't done anything profound to hurt me?
after anything even slightly upsetting towards her causes her to get very upset.
aita for doing a burnout for a kid?
next day she wakes me up and asks if i can clean it up so it won't damage her paint.
harper's index: percentage of harper's readers who only read index: 98
i repeated this several times throughout the conversation.
i think the dad was probably stressed out and just didn't know what to do with his sucky kid, so for that i kind of feel bad, like i should have handled the situation differently.
trump relaxes after debate by slipping back into nice, warm personal reality
we just had different views on firearms, and both overreacted when arguing about it.
this is a locally accepted fact that he is an shit person.
aita for breaking up with a guy because he had a ninja sword in his apartment?
i call her every single week without fail on sunday evenings before she goes to dinner.
i said "wow how did you do that when you were so sick?" and she told me that the co-worker she "used to have a crush on" drove our family car and took him to school.
30-year-old nes still wasting life playing video games
harpoon industry attempting rebrand by pointing out harpoons can harpoon stuff besides whales
some information i just wanted to make clear is that i will not disclose the information on s for obvious reasons and that i am 14 and a guy
e gets mad at me and starts dming me.
they occasionally message but basically since being with me, she has ceased almost all contact with him.
i told her to be careful and alert me ahead of the time since she wanted an late october wedding and i had college and could only move by bus.
i feel like going on a trip with my girlfriend is so expensive fwiw (each of us are looking at $500 which is not really wise for both of us who are in college, in comparison to $55, but i can't bring her).
illegal activity moved 32 feet from shore
wife is breadwinner now because of my health until things get better.
he always brings it back to the fact that i have dildos and vibrators, so what’s the difference?
english professor suddenly realizes students will believe literally anything she says
cubans: new dictator doing it all wrong
new facebook notifications alert users when they not currently looking at facebook
chechen infant lulled to sleep by distant rumbling
it was just four lines of the work chunga over and over again.
also, we both love each other, but i still think that that is not enough for a long term relationship.
i had woken up with a swollen throat and a throbbing headache.
listerine introduces new mouth styling gel
she did not take this well, at all.
but does the context change that?
taylor swift breaks political silence to throw support behind restoring shōgun to throne of japan
i take great care of myself and have a fantastic figure.
i was confident she won't even touch any hard drinks because of what happened previously (she said she was also scared for her health) although i did honestly expect some drinking to happen.
film about little guy battling huge, morally bankrupt organization made by huge, morally bankrupt organization
black man bids tearful goodbye to family before daily commute
so i really like gsds and when i get older, i want to breed them and sell the puppies.
smokers at party only ones to make it to fire escape in time
i brought this up with her and she explained, "i find girls attractive, but i'm just not sexually attracted to them" okay, what the fuck!?!?!
q-tip releases new multi-pronged family swab
i've always emphasized the power of honesty with me, and she seemed to understand that, but now i'm just so confused.
cardinal law canonized following miracle of escaping criminal prosecution
my mother saw this as an opportunity to make me give her christmas gifts to her friends that lives next to grandma.
this happened when i was 14 years old, but i thought i was doing the right thing.
recently there's been some drama and he told me not to grab anything from him anymore.
fan disappointed to learn l. ron hubbard scientologist
embittered raisin won't shut up about how it could have been wine
aita for dumping my addict ex?
i honestly do not want to go back there.
so when i was in grade 11 my mother said i would get a car for graduating, since everyone else in my grade was getting or already had a car.
bertolli packaging promises empty ravioli floating in filling-saturated water in just 5 minutes
instead i had a pretty typical day and even went to the gym.
my guidance counselor said that she couldn't have proven either of us right but i would have been the only one that had did something wrong.
turns out fiance is fairly religious and this caused a fight.
&#x200b; she's not holding me responsible and i'm not holding me responsible because what 20 year old wouldn't hook up with a pretty girl.
am i taking this too far?
she complains that she is exhausted because he wakes up every 1-2 hours but by my calculations, even with that, she gets a good 6-8 hours of sleep a night.
judge pumps self up before verdict by listening to andrew w.k.
sadly my nephews (11m and 12m) get bullied at school and i dont agree with the pacifist education of my brother and his wife that leaded to them being victims at first.
her uber arrives and she gets in and says this something like "this was great, we should do something again".
aita for meeting a girl in relationship many times a week?
teen zebra doesn't give a shit how much you honk, he's not getting out of road
my sister didn't really call me an asshole, but i sure as hell feel that way because of how things turned out.
both me, him, and another employee of mine try to go out to a fancy restaurant every month, get slightly drunk, and talk about whatever.
woman celebrates 4th year of weaning self off facebook
my gf is now angry at me for "threatening" her brother.
i still get dissed and i’m pretty upset because i just wanted to talk about what i wanted to do when i’m older.
he went on to be with his new girl.
they werent snot rags; they were cum rags she wiped up after we had sex.
dad's marine corps training evident during christmas-present opening
next day, gf’s mom came over and told me that i was very impolite and she was mad.
it's not that i dislike people, i just hate talking to them.
leah remini rediscovers her faith in scientology after going through difficult point in life
my gut feeling is, despite how minor this situation seems and how good our relationship has been, that this means something not so good.
when i was younger than thirteen i wasn’t allowed to watch pg-13, only pg or g.
i told her what had been going on and why i'd been absent (tried to neck myself yo), and that i'd heard what happened on her stream.
sean spicer given own press secretary to answer media's questions about his controversial statements
thanks a ton, and if u have advice, ik ur not meant to tell me, so just dm me with it.
my girlfriend reacted to the news with shock when i told her.
i told the receptionist why would i get scheduled at a certain time if i had to wait so long.
this all started with my brother going on these tantrums on how no one understands him and he was threatening on leaving the house,but luckily almost all of that is solved.
it never really changed back though, the romantic feeling were gone.
shit, friend just said something to obnoxious drunk guy on bus
they just hated me and would come to our class and laugh at me.
**the suv was upside down, all of its windows shattered, probably half a mile behind me by now.** i was frozen.
&#x200b; one of my favorite things is listening to the recording of the performance for the first time, hearing what it all sounds like put together rather than just hearing the few people around me.
it's their perceived indifference that sets me off.
unkempt japanese man must be some sort of artist or something
however, about a week before the concert i got into a really bad accident, totaled my car, and ended up with a concussion.
'the onion' guarantees all who watch new amazon series shall be spared
savion glover taps his way out of another speeding ticket
for the first couple of years, we did make each other feel bad about who we were, but i at least thought it got a lot better towards the end of it all.
trump dismisses trump as a distraction
time-traveling commodities trader visits alternate hog future
herman cain endorses who gives a fuck
i do see how i was being petty in a sense by using the argument “it’s only fair” but that was because she gave me no reason why the rifle was more dangerous to keep in a house then a handgun.
nasa announces plans to launch chimpanzee into sun
hopefully signaling to her that i don’t think of her the same.
yesterday i went to see my primary care (i haven't seen her in over a year, as i've been seeing specialists instead).
mackenzie bezos gains huge win in divorce settlement after successfully retaining no stake in 'washington post'
these 2 people have never met each other.
my girlfriend (21f) and i (22m) live together in an apartment.
there’s a girl in our year who needs a place to stay and i messaged her saying that i’m gonna be gone for 6 months.
proposed immigration law calls for u.s. to shut down border slide
it's nice to stay with them for a whole month, and they often share food and wine with me.
[aka: you're a bitch." i said, "hmmm i don't think so." i go back upstairs with the friendly drunk girl from before and she gets a guy from the party to talk to us.
he's never once since given me a reason to ever suspect him and he's been the paragon of honesty and love and openness since.
would i be the asshole to get him arrested on false charges?
man trapped under boulder braces for possible good morning america interview
it will cost $500 to board our dog.
i don't know if that make a difference to people.
for extra this happened around my second year in this high school and i tend to keep my feelings bottled up until something forces me to release them and sometimes its in physical ways and other times its the silent treatment.
i can kinda feel them coming on, so i'm very very good at sneaking off to have sleep attacks in private.
report: we don't make any money if you don't click the fucking link
aita for never sharing bread with my roommates ever again, since they think they can just grab slices from anywhere in the package they want?
i confront her about what had happened.
and its been such a good thing to me.
i remember seeing i thought a car behind me originally close but in then disappeared into the rear view and kept disappearing/ reappraring every few seconds.
she almost died and had to be rushed to the hospital.
she’s met my mom, friends, etc.
i told her on multiple occasions that i was not looking for a relationship at the mean time, but you guessed it: no change.
i feel calmer and better and i've learned a lot from my past.
aita - for telling my friend her actions were shitty in this conversation aita - for telling my friend her actions were shitty in this conversation &#x200b; some backstory / context - said conversation takes place in an mmo in the situation where a guild has splintered due to differences in opinion - my friend went to support the other guild, i stayed with the original guild.
i did the statements my therapist told me (e.g.
i got called an asshole for it, so now i have come here out of curiosity for you fine people to help settle the disagreement.
i will apologize to her if you find me guilty of being an asshole.
finally i told him i paid for the spot, i wasn't breaking any rules, i'd only be out there until 10pm.
i know that i've been incredibly irresponsible this quarter when it came to turning in work, and i don't believe any excuse can justify it.
she dismissed the fact that i'd done so well that day by basically saying i only did well due to playing with good teammates.
local band expects things to take off following glowing write-up in soundandfury.wordpress.com
washington's hobby lobby lobbies to strengthen hobbies
edit not saying i refuse to buy all gifts, but saying i don’t want to buy *all* gifts focusing on anime.
nation secretly hoping 9/11 becomes a day off soon
she instead referred it to her second in command (m) to take care of.
my mom, dad, me and my sister went.
she said that's unreasonable, but i don't think it is because she's still interacting with him all the time.
today i asked my brother to show us a house, not knowing he was asking d to show us the house as well.
but, i've been thinking, am i really the asshole here for cutting her off and pranking her before hand for making her do this?
excited african safari tourists quietly marvel as poacher stalks prey
aita for worrying about my gfs future physical safety?(please do read because i am really questioning this) ok so at first glance of course i wouldn't be but just read on, please.
my best friend/roommate is getting married during the summer and asked me if i could play my instrument at her wedding.
it was teen drama, till it wasn't.
so a week back or so i promised my best friend that i would stay home on new year’s eve so we could do something.
aita for telling my girlfriend i "wasn't in the mood" to listen to her complain about her day, after she said the same thing to me last night when i tried to initiate sex?
aita for planning to skip out on my friend 14th birthday for the friday night fortnite tournament tonight i feel bad but i want to win and also i feel like if i do good a team might be interested in picking me up edit; i meant brother and 18
aita for not wanting to pay for my wife's debts?
at this point i feel it's either gonna be that, or me/one of my friends putting a knife through his face, because he doesn't seem to ever stop.
at a family christmas brunch my brother had done his absolute best preparing a vegan dessert for the family.
the kids are still talking intermittently at this time which is extremely annoying and they are the only people in the screen still talking.
we ordered some drinks first and then food later.
my insurance says the vehicles insurance pays not the drivers.
they were already cliquey and i believe they already disliked me and have used this as an opportunity to gang up on me.
world wildlife fund publishes photo of what species last seen in 1987 might have evolved to look like
she was gloating and basking in my misery at that point.
i try bargaining with the bouncer but to no avail.
aita for confronting my underage coworker about taking a jell-o shot in the office?
bob barker era ushered out with touching plinko montage
i later heard him complaining to the teacher about it.
republicans' 'diversity through imported africans' plan criticized
she told him the truth apparently but denied there are videos because it would hurt his feelings.
i was recently interviewing for a new role and after going through the first round of interview i was asked to do onsite interview.
robin williams body-hair-mowing project enters third week
the following night i did the same thing and caused a huge argument "because of retaliation, not flaking".
not my responsibility to track down gift givers.
heartbreaking rubio campaign email just asks supporters to send something to make him smile
does this make me an asshole?
i’ve only met the guy once; he seemed… fine, from the one interaction i had with him.
u.n. warns trump may be 7 months away from acquiring nuclear weapons
if this is how you going to treat me...
after i was told i blew up at them and sent a few rude messages which probably wasn’t the best way to handle it.
but he is representing the college and his position by displaying it.
former president carter sole attendee at 1997 solar power summit
i came to this from watching videos on youtube and seeing that monkeys aren’t the brightest of creatures.
my younger cousins showed up after i sat down, the daughter and son of the cousin i had who died.
i opened it, and realized that his paypal was open on it so i transferred myself $200.00 off of his paypal account.
man who said 'yes' to life found with mountain bike at bottom of gorge
so we all drank, played some games, and were having a good time.
i happen to have a bit of extra cash and really felt for the guy, because it's raining and his head is in a puddle, so i take a $10 out of my pocket and bend down and wake him up.
first-time carjacker wasn't expecting a stick shift
every other part of our relationship is going well and i think were great friends but the attraction is really going away.
however, within the next year we will both be going our separate ways for university, almost to opposite sides of the country (uk).
i was at a stop light in my hometown and a middle-aged man rear ended me off of my bike and destroyed my exhaust pipe which costed me 250 usd to buy.
i started getting paranoid over whether he’s even attracted to me (he compliments me on my appearance but i’ve never felt...lust).
tldr: i cancelled a first date with a girl that lives 200 miles away from me on the morning of the date.
i have no rational argument for this decision, some vague feeling she's too young but i can't say that i believe it would hurt her, even if she would regret the decision later on.
but my question is am i the asshole for keeping my past a secret and from protecting him from the shit show that is my parents?
i was laying in bed and my dog was resting his head on my leg, but i realized i had left my phone downstairs, so i got up and went downstairs to get it.
i grew up with very low self-esteem and it took me years to build up the confidence i have now.
i’ve also got some little side investments.
my nan and aunt keep on talking about her for some reason- they are always like “have you talked to noodle?” or “i have this top at home that noodle would like want to give it to her?” like they lowkey adore her and it’s kinda irritating ngl.
apple announces new iphone with n-word on back knowing customers will buy it anyway
himalayan goat dies following failed everest climb
'humanity deserves to live in darkness,' onion social algorithm cries out before bursting into bright light, disappearing from earthly realm
even after this my opinion on the situation hasn't changed but i can see how its a asshole move.
high-culture wars heat up over controversial new opera
it unclear why thousands of loud, chanting trump supporters gathering outside arena in iowa
my partner thinks i overreacted by yelling.
man thinks he managed to masturbate without waking roommate
i am now suing my brother for half of that electricity cost and the amount i paid over the 50/50 split for materials.
(even though im sure im not hee hee)) kind of post.
new law requires sex offenders to inform residents before moving into their homes
his constant ticing (a cough), having cough drops in his mouth, and smoking cigarettes is damaging his body and when he's older he'll likely pay dearly.
concert security drastically overestimating fans' desire to get close to cheap trick
sorry if this doesnt belong on this sub i just want to know if i'm being stupid
dad: jim john jingleheimer grandpa: jacob jingleheimer i take pride in having their names and want to continue the tradition when i have kids.
9 senior white house staffers injured in collapse of overcrowded truman balcony
voyager probe badly damaged after smashing into end of universe
i was planning to take my ex with me but since we broke up that's a no go.
last friday approaches and i start rethinking the date.
for context, my friend "alex" and i are 30.
this would obviously be great for her earning potential, but it throws a wrench into our life plans, the main one being that we were planning to start trying for a baby soon.
as a result i’m trying to make sure she would never find out and so my relationship would never affect a.
it's something we do every year almost without fail.
man recalls desperate, exhausting 14-month job search that made him want to get into sales
so she tells me to pick her up eggs and milk at the store.
it is so hard when i feel that she is slipping away but it is like i am powerless to do anything to stop it.
she liked it and said no one had said things so nice about her.
i use these notes all the time and i like to have something nice to look at.
bush gives france 30 days to speak english
just threatening to sue if we didn’t find a way to contain them...which leads me to believe damage may be exaggerated to find a legitimate way to complain.
(he was ashamed i get it but hes been financially troubled his whole life so it wasnt like james and i didn't know he was constantly pinching pennies to live) so quick summary thus far.
mta officials assure new yorkers that today's subway will run just as fucked up as normal
i kind of snapped back at her with an irritated "okay well it kind of is" not really thinking about her because i went to talk to the guy at the desk.
scientist has nagging feeling he left particle accelerator on
this is simply due to the amount of hate i got for so long calling people retards when they would do something dumb.
gay alabama couple always dreamed of getting married surrounded by hostility
i did state i would still like to test the possibility, but i understood if she didn't want that.
that's the only reason i'm asking.
area man somehow endures harrowing entertainment-free commute
i am not a cruel person.i always thought abortion saves both parents and children.i spent 2 years with joy and sadness with cerebral palsy patients and i befriended a lot.i lost 2 friends in this 2 year and i know what they live and how they live.i even had a friend that said “i wish i was aborted.my mom and dad had genetic predispositions and they never thought about it.” he died 3 years ago.
during this time i got really fucked up and ended up passing out in her lap.
every argument where they are being a total a, they did their heels in and escalate it, bully me and keep the argument going actively or passively for long periods of time until i submit or i try to reach out to them and repair it.
the tv was a whole paycheck for him and i paid the parts that he couldn't cover and it took a toll on us since we're both college students with not a lot of money.
i mean literally out of a fairytale romance novel.
a condition is to be equipped with a gps ankle monitor.
i told her to go steal some more.
actor matthew mcconaughey agrees to star in whatever
my wife tried this initially as soon as she was able to get to the hospital on her own, and it exhausted her physically/mentally, to the point that i had to convince her she needed to scale back to the 3-4 hours we had usually been spending there.
thing is, there isn't really anywhere for the deer to go since it's literally got 2 tall ass wooden walls behind him and a dumbass in front of him.
quaker oats canister relabeled 'drugs' for grade school play
i feel like i can’t really trust him now and sort of like i don’t know who he is if that makes sense?
beaver can't wait to get started on dam
&#x200b; our relationship is otherwise fine, so i feel like i'd be a huge fucking asshole if i break up with her basically because of her weight.
in my mind, its not my issue should you not be ready to take orders and that is something that as the business you should be prepared to handle properly.
me: how is me getting mad at you for constantly calling people out for hacking hypocritical?
aita for laughing at my dad's greenhouse getting destroyed?
td;lr: will be having a new stepsibling who will be 17 younger than me.
i couldn’t just give it back however.
rick santorum relieved no one has asked him about interracial marriage yet
she always says no and sometimes i’ll drop it but if i really want to try it, i’ll push a little and she’ll say yes.
nation urged to be extra sensitive to men reliving trauma of not getting something
so i did it, only telling my good friend that told me in the location in the first place, and only leaving to gatecrash at about 3pm i get a msg telling me not to come, less than 1 hour before the party was due to start.
at the time i was sitting in my seat trying not to laugh my ass off at how many people were crying, i don't know why it was so funny to me; a hundred crying people, all crying because of me and none of them knew it.
aita for asking "to many" questions in class?
i told him that i planned on getting an abortion but i felt like he should know.
my youngest however is slightly overweight.
i’ve said “idk, maybe,” hinting to him that i don’t really want to be in his wedding.
in my opinion i expect her to do them until she asks me.
its been very ugly & i have deep resentment over how he made me feel like "first runner up" while she kicked back in his million dollar home.
story: i was walking from my parking spot to my apartment, on the phone with my mom.
aita for breaking up with my gf because i’ve hurt her too much and don’t think i can measure up to the potential she sees in me?
but none of this worked, because this stupid cat shit in the wrong place another 4 times, each time testing my sanity more and more.
the old shower trick has been in rotation since that british nurse seduced the american werewolf in the 80s.
francis ford coppola admits wedding scene in 'the godfather' needed more lasagna
we have our retirement accounts, our long-term savings, and our short-term savings.
i weigh an orphan child's need for a home above some person who is well-off enough to consider having children's want for a biological child.
god announces plans to shift majority of resources tied up in humanity project to birds, rocks
i also don't think that because i had sex one time, that it justify's me to have to raise a child and have the total responsibility of how this individual works out in life, i do realize that financially i'm required to support it and i have no problem doing that.
my boyfriend goes to school (8am-10am) and work (5pm-830pm).
anyway i have an incredible opportunity to work with a startup and by the sound of our conversations it will be a quick turnover, like hired and start packing that night kind of thing.
i will say he tinted the windows way darker than i ever would have and i think that affected my ability to see.
i always mention how i want to go to the city and that i plan on going to school there since where i live now is pretty boring and not where i grew up.
she took them out on a treat too (tim hortons cause everyone was trying to save money lol).
we kept a spreadsheet of what was purchased for materials and other costs.
am i the asshole for going home with her?
i feel caught off guard by the whole thing, but do appreciate why she got upset in the first place (obviously she’s going through a hard time right now and i was a little insensitive and crossed the line), but the fact that it’s going on for days and now she’s basically not talking to me, unless to telling me to fuck off, is causing me to question myself.
english is not my 1st language so i'm sorry if my spelling or grammar is bad.
man feeling pressure to live up to conversation between barber and customer in next chair
it's just wild to me that the day ended up so "murphy's law".
her dog which poops in our yard regularly had killed one of her rabbits.
kavanaugh blasted for destroying reputation of good man
man defends home state's license plate design
of course, i haven't done it and it's just a *thought*, but i can't help but just think about it.
that night he got drunk and made out with a girl that he had a relationship with years ago at a party his girlfriend was at.
my group supports me and nobody can tell someone who they can and can’t date.
i have cooked on a hot plate and toaster oven for 6 months.
but when the issue is in reverse, or even involves a straight male not being attracted to a transwoman, people always get vitriolic and rude with it, because you're only "supposed" to support the lgbt side of these issues in their minds and such.
i started get up and say it was time to go.
every intern at nonprofit trying to solve refugee crisis first
we get into arguments here and there because i can't personally see a guy talking to a girl this long without an ulterior motive.
serial killer remembers neighbors as quiet, unsuspecting
there were puppies there and the store manager said that a few of the dogs would be "destroyed" when they eventually leave for a multitude of reasons.
my roommates are asking me to compensate, but honestly i had no idea this was happening.
piling guilt onto myself is not good when i'm already not correctly processing the emotions.
i push it a bit - so hates being told or even asked what to do during an argument because they don't want to feel pressured to do something.
so am i the asshole for not wanting him to be there for his ex wife?
u.s. upset after aliens land in italy
sunday school teacher can already tell which ones going to hell
'heed my tragic story well, friends, for you could just as easily be me,' says chris christie in haunting rnc speech
later that night before going to bed i need to use the bathroom to brush my teeth.
i was, admittedly, a bit upset.
the cat slipped out the garage door and cannot be found.
then i sat her down and tried my best to explain that even if we had the space for another tank that big that we couldn't afford to keep it going (tanks get pretty expensive with water and electricity bills.) i'll admit i got a little loud slightly above "inside voices" if you remember that from school lol.
not to mention the fact that she got me nothing in return.
'game of thrones' producers reveal series moved beyond show's written script halfway through current season
i just worry that she's going to end up leaving our life goals in the dust because she's trying to climb that ladder.
ted cruz stuck in nosebleed seats at senate campaign rally
i did notice that she has become more frugal than before and has acted as if she is under more stress, but i honestly thought it had more to do with the accident than anything else.
i mean like maybe five or so more thrusts and im out.
went to visit an urologist and told him about what was happening and since when it was happening.
my cousin told me he likes the bar so we went to the opposite side of the bar.
then, one day, i got sloppy, and i got caught.
study: beginning email with short, disingenuous inquiry into personal life best way to network
so he went to the walgreens and i sat alone in a cabin in a beautiful area for 4 hours, and he returned with just a few pills.
their only argument they've given me about the fucking locked post was because she didn't use a question mark.
kyle was a mutual friend of my ex and we quickly became friends.
but before i do, in retaliation, she throws her drink on me, which was about a third full.
a couple of them will often get her to give them money by saying it's because they can't afford things for their children, even though she lends the money with that purpose which they then spend of doing things for themselves.
i understand that it's her choice and totally respect that but when she assumed i'd be there with her i told her that i'd rather not go because it is so far removed from an appropriate funeral, in my opinion.
so we took his bike instead.
this letter contains some pretty deep stuff, and i make sure to put it in an envelope and pit "read when alone" on it.
i was told he's seeing a new girl, who he met a week and a half ago who is from out of state, and she is staying at his place until tuesday, and they all went out to dinner the night prior and they seem like they have a great thing going.
the brother goes away on weekends often with his girlfriend and drops money on hotels like crazy.
i told him i would work on rebuilding the relationship if he got professional help for it, either from a counselor or pastor.
my cousin said under no cicumstances to let her follow me, but i decided to humor her.
we buy a family size to share.
historical archives: facial corsets for ladies, finally
man confused by compliment from person whose career he can't help
about a day ago she texted me asking if i was still interested in hooking up and i ignored it.
i've been dating a doctor for eight months.
at least once a day this guy who i’ll call “rodney” comes by to deliver inter-office mail.
i don't want to be involved in anybodys life really, just my friends and fiance, who i trust.
the next day i went to school with my son and confronted the teacher, but all he cared about was that somebody used a mobile phone to record in class and instead of listening to me he started asking the kids who used his phone in class and at this point i completely lost it.
i believe that women and men are equal in all qualities,but i think that females are much more priviledged in this modern era society because they had been opressed for so long.
report: there never been a better time to buy than right now
they both have flings off tinder with other girls 90% of the time they dont see the girl more then once the other 10% they see for at most a month.
she says had i let her say bye, her friends would have stopped it.
my big issue is our different kinds of work ethic, i suppose.
she clearly has a thing for me because i always catch her stares unintentionally, which is always awkward.
more complex and nuanced and valid.
only a couple hours later i get another interested buyer willing to pay the full asking price and meet up to buy it sooner.
humiliated man discovers embroidery on his jean pockets
beefy little boy on boogie board misses fourth wave in a row
i'm a guy that likes to solve his own problems, and to me talking about feelings and shit is more trouble than it's really worth.
my parents were the ones who encouraged my course load.
both of their parents are strict and will not approve of the relationship, which is why they want to keep it a secret.
trump insists that now, more than ever, americans must stand strong in face of empathy
i know that's super unprofessional, but it was a painfully slow day and it was the first one that i've done in a very very long time.
obviously we both prioritize our beauty, so if i get her something for her assets am i the ass hole?
last week i got an angry text from my best friend because it was his wife's birthday and i forgot to text her a happy birthday message.
i come back and she’s upset.
aita for not giving my friend a ride?
meet the other baldwin brother, james!
disgusting coworker barely even washed ass before leaving bathroom
philip roth obituary just thinly disguised version of author's life
i only saw this now but i feel it came through a bit ago...
aita for asking a woman what a labia is?
but knowing my father, if he's wrong about something there's a chance he'll fuse it with the person who correcting him, implying "that's what i meant".
i didn't change his date and i haven't been getting him crap as far as treats go.
fracking industry now largest employer of recent pr graduates
aita for thinking my girlfriend is crazy?
i definitely used the "malpractice" word.
i keep asking him to join our faith meetings but he just ignores.
i don't know if she really does have a disease or disorder of some sort, so maybe i am a huge asshole.
i reply, mostly in jest, that the two friends "fucking disgust me," but i don't follow up with anything that would suggest i was joking.
anyway recently, my girlfriend was very upset about a few things.
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
i leave the house, and she blows up my phone asking what is wrong and if im okay.
for clarification purposes, she was in the girl scouts.
poll finds 68% of iowans turned on by knowledge whole nation watching
we were going to drive 4 hours north of his house to see them at their lake house.
however i told my roommates back in june they should look for someone else, and i told my landlord back in august.
i pulled up a news article on her uncles arrest, in the national news i would like to add.
but the fact that we didn't pay for the fence...
i do it all alone with the exception of leaving a sticky note on the door saying \*“hello!
chuck e. cheese's pit boss tells floor attendant to keep an eye on guest winning big at skee-ball
i buy her herbs and succulents.
&#x200b; maybe i'm a bit bitter and prejudiced.
**she got so mad i actually got somewhat afraid of what she'd do.
&#x200b; my friend is a very loving and caring person, but this last year she's gone through some hard times.
suffice to say i do not feel remotely sorry about that.
back to the story, when he told me he was going to date her i told him i didn't want to be friends anymore.
my friends and i never saw him that night even though the rest of us were hanging out with each other and our dates.
aita for not wanting to hang out with my friend?
she gave speeches to the community 8 months pregnant.
and yes i have explained how important apologies are to me, what they mean to me etc.
i just said that it was a good thing, that he and his boyfriend looked very happy but that i was just shocked.
its not everyday but its enough that its become extremely annoying.
i did not know what to do, so it's been sitting on my mind.
a pic of them together was posted on his instagram on the same day she told me she was busy because she "had to meet family" that night.
area man thought he had more forks than this
hot-rod-lincoln-driving son may have contributed to father's alcoholism
later i was really looking at the ring and lost it.
she accuses me of being an unfair, inconsiderate and lying bastard.
wish i knew who this poor little girls mother was so i could let her know.” the one of the mums gives me a nod as if she agrees with me the rest just all looked away as if i was a arsehole for causing a scene in a play centre.
i don't know about you all, but me almost getting in trouble during a critical time of my life, which is exams, could be devastating to my future, since i don't want to be expelled from school for having an attraction to someone else and showing it.
usually he doesn't hang with us and stays home with the rest of the family, but this year his mom/my aunt asks him if he wants to go and says yes.
we began organising it in october and by november we had booked 4 nights stay in an airbnb costing ~£150 each.
originally i didn't take it very seriously and even laughed at the whole situation but the more i thought about it the guiltier i felt and yesterday the girl sent me a text saying to let her know if her ex messages me because he is furious with me.
but i also know how reddit in general works.
she never calls or texts during my dates, so i figured it must be important and answered.
grown man who owns bane action figure has love to give
i am no saint and am sure i have left dishes around or taken a few hours to get around to cleaning them but with that in mind i still don't know how to feel.
a stray cat with obviously a broken leg passed by me, limping with one of her legs.
my friend took credit for that scene, but im the one who she’s mad at.
but when i would bring it up we would always fight because he has a history of cheating on me in the past multiple times so of course i worry and his argument is always “we just moved, i don’t know anyone here.” but then it kept happening.
i want you to tell me why i'm wrong so that i can gain perspective on this.
i've been far ahead when we've played, and let her get a question in out of fairness.
man miscast in role of father
his oldest being in high school already is uninterested in switching schools but his younger son is apparently not opposed to the idea.
&#x200b; for the two weeks, me and k began to talk everyday and even after school.
she later told me she missed me a lot, and wanted to keep seeing me, i played a fool and went along with it as if we were just friends...
i told her that was my intention.
people were staring and i told her to rub it herself and get up and stop being dramatic, and she started crying and told me i have stronger hands than her.
study: zero people have led satisfying lives after altering original career plans, aspirations
not even julian assange clear on what's going on with him right now
entire conversation with parents spent changing the subject
however, this girl also was monogamous.
would i be an asshole to ask her to stop seeing him?
here’s a bit of backstory: when me and river first met, river must’ve heard my name wrong somewhere.
fuck u fatboy" - microsoft must've been hungry cos they jumped on that shit within hours, like it was the last piece of pizza on the pan.
guest roster assembled for surprise birthday reveals minimal understanding of girlfriend's social circle
trump administration sends 30 million nothing to puerto rico victims
every time i remind her to stop eating, she does the same thing; "i'm almost done." etc etc.
i assumed maybe he had been able to find the platform and go to the gig, and after a few missed calls directed at him i thought it would be best just to take the final train to the venue and see if i could catch up with him there.
however, i've noticed every time he buys me flowers, there's a discount sticker stuck on the plastic, and the flowers are lacking colour and are often droopy and starting to wilt.
new forced-retirement community opens for local 60-year-olds
recurring zhang ziyi fantasy always involves getting kicked in the face
i do think it was a stupid argument, but i still want to know if i was the asshole.
i didn’t mean to intrude on a private conversation, and obviously if it was clear that the mother was telling a white lie to the child for parenting reasons (“no, honey, santa is real”) i would’ve kept my mouth shut.
report: samantha's new haircut pretty bad, but don't say anything
well i just found out now that she was just crying over the phone to her ex.
&#x200b; but, it's a fucking horse.
woman 7 golden retrievers short of childhood vision
i've spent the last few hours sitting on my couch clinging onto my dog and crying.
he drove 4 hours for some drugs because he claims they make him be in less pain.
researchers find that spanking your children is incredibly fun
i got upset and went into the bedroom.
we’ve never had a holiday with just the 4 of us and she’s a really moody teenager right now and it’s driving me insane.
background: my boyfriend bought two chocolate bars last week and put them in the freezer.
chiropractor scrambling to put vertebrae back in right order before end of session
zagat editor a 'nice guy' but 'kind of boring'
aita for calling my friend a nonce?
she told me she plans on hiding in her house away from people to avoid getting the baby sick.
i've got about 10 people coming over tonight (including my housemates) couple beers and a nice hunk of brisket cooking in the smoker as i type this.
dana loesch rethinking loyalties after seeing how much airtime teen activists getting
and i'm supposed to pay more to cart *his green waste* to the dump.
after waiting for the call back on friday, i decided i call company xy and ask if we could delay the internship for one day, so that i could call company ab, ask if they want me and when to start and schedule everything, that both jobs don´t overlap.
i am not an athlete and quite frankly i don't work even 10% as hard as she does at anything so i don't really understand why she is stressing and putting herself in so much pain and i suggested she take it easy and maybe explore other careers if this one is causing so much distress.
if she was going to go off the registry, and spend that much money, then i wish she had asked friends and family for some insight.
i got a response a day later.
i have no idea what to expect.
preschooler asks to borrow classmate's notes on shapes
i tried to talk to her about it but she said it's not about me, and i'm being selfish about her and her fiance's special day.
i've never had much money, so the idea of spending thousands when i finally have cash on a kid i don't want is crazy.
(yes this was pretty childish it happened a while ago) my friend was very depressed and often vented to me privately, telling me about self harm, and how she wanted to die.
emily insists that she's very okay with her life and not unhappy no matter how depressed or pessimistic the things she says sounds.
she starts crying and claims that she feels judged for her food choices and that she hadn’t had a sandwich in a long time and woke up craving one.
i can't help but feel like the whole nasty situation could've been avoided if i just ignored what my dad said about my friend.
i heeded their advice and mostly stayed away until junior year where i met current boyfriend justin.
but everyone from the party was already heading home.
departing bo obama lands k street lobbyist position
everyone unaware how much freshman doing keg stand secretly misses his parents
i told him that k had asked me when i was going to ask her to the dance to try and insinuate that the race was over.
iraqi homeowner to wait a while before re-shingling roof
i also explained my wife's chronic pain issues, as i had before.
aita for getting mad at my dad for locking me outside?
when i got home, i sent a texts saying i made it back safely and he responded with the same, and that we’d chat tomorrow.
prince william divorces kate middleton after 5 weeks
cash-strapped school district furloughs hundreds of nonessential children
i was walking down the street in the evening a while back, and having had a couple beers, i felt like a smoke.
she also didn't listen to me when i told her to get out once my sister woke me up.
i'm sure the charity is well-meaning and think this is a fun and novel way of raising money and awareness, however, i think this is trashy and so disrespectful to cancer sufferers who are just fighting to stay alive.
more people means less base pay to go around, more competition means less commissions in the salesmans pockets.
he cried and got off on the second punch, please remember tjat i'm 16 and my brother is 12..
wibta for calling animal control on my neighbor with 7+ dogs?
it didn't happen and he never let me know why.
after a few weeks of going out to nightclubs, i finally got the chance to get laid with a girl i met on a night out.
almost no one noticing officials doing corrupt thing
rick scott orders hurricane michael to evacuate from florida
today we made amends and i am going to cover the portion of their bill they each shouldered.
a thing to note however is that while i was the only one who wrote the email, the sentiments were shared by almost all the students.
it's the first nap i've taken in maybe 10 months and the one person it would have fuck me over with just happened to be the one i got.
for the last year i was with him, i was not the kind, supportive, and caring partner i wish i was.
'we will not repeat the mistakes of the 2016 election,' vows nation still using internet
chicago man brushes mound of snow from beef sandwich before eating it
pt liked to accentuate this fact by yelling out “foul!” every other second.
bush spends day feverishly booby-trapping desk
i have asked her if she has thought about trying to masturbate, maybe the feeling will awake her sexual desires.
my eldest step son j remarked that he and his sisters b and r never took sat prep and did just fine.
after the waitress left, my date asked me, "are you really allergic?" to which i said "no :d, but this way, we get fresh guac".
it's true that i have bought her stuff in the past and during our about 2.5 months of seeing each other now i spent a lot on dinners where ever she wanted and bought her a few small gifts maybe totaling like 2.5k.
but his next turn he wills all his property and money to my sister, calls me a loser and walks away again.
dermatologists recommend regularly checking body for screaming demonic face bulging out of skin
it was a lie because it’s been in his shed all summer.
television executive's baby cancelled in development stage
i decided to get to know her friends, and soon they knew me well enough to include me in their conversations.
were talking tonight and i just dont want to say some dumb shit.
she told me that he makes her feel very, very sad.
aita for wanting to get a young family evicted from my apartment complex?
the last time we had sex she talked about how much she liked me and how i was the nicest person she knew, which made me feel a bit uncomfortable.
i turned on my turn signal to indicate i was going to pass and moved into the oncoming lane.
tonight there is our christmas party where he invites alllll of his staff to come and party in his nightclub.
she pretty much told me that she was very depressed and needed me to come back home.
he ran to the kitchen, and i ran back to the room past him.
if i give a gift to someone that doesn't suit their preference (color or style) or wouldn't fit them i would want them to go back to the store and get something they actually like and will be using.
man's heart stops as speaker asks audience to turn to person next to them
papa john's comes under fire for cruel treatment of the bulbous, deformed creatures that lactate pizza sauce
fyi i knew that you can't change anyone if they are not willing to change.
new teen trend 'walking wet and nude' couldn't have caught on at worse time
also i feel there's a risk that john would break down again halfway which would be even worse than going solo.
i never said anything about terminating a friendship.
i guess bruce doesn’t know or doesn’t care about the arrangement me and jeremy has and tells me if i want it done any faster i would have to change it myself.
i think she's really great and i love to talk to her as well as be around her.
yahoo back on top after purchasing millions of 13-year-old girls' blogs
same guy starting each round of applause
his dog was also with us but we made sure to watch out for him.
&#x200b; i really enjoy her personality, and i think she has a very pretty face.
sure we had disagreements like any roommate would but it wasnt until he stopped talking to me and my other roommate that i called him out.
i messaged the mods back, but they very indignantly told me that "i had impersonated a subreddit moderator and threatened to ban another user, which is explicitely against the rules of the subreddit." they apologized for the ban, despite understanding my prior disorder, but decided to keep it in place.
new lion tamer shocked by vast amount of paperwork
report: rest of pottery class knows each other from previous pottery class
bush urges senate to give alito fair, quick, unanimous confirmation
i leveled with them and things sorta cooled off but with the demand to never make any such “joke” ever again.
'oh god, what happened last night?' says groggy mike pence after waking up in same bed as wife
bill cosby attacks disrespectful behavior, skyrocketing crime rate among elderly black male comedians
my boyfriend and i are not the type to be all over each other when with friends, so i don't think the problem was really potentially "canoodling on holiday".
i reached into my pocket, grabbed my keys, and as i passed her car i left a nice, deep scratch all down the side from front to back and just kept on walking.
then she asked me what i thought on how could she look better.
i also have a family business.
i thought i've just found myself a new friend and everything was going well, she seemed to have pretty severe anxiety, but at that point i did too, so i told her it's okay and we'll work through it together.
these issues developed when i went away to college and lived in the city for the first time.
i was elated because i thought finally i had been right about my feelings.
'you better give our dad a good trade deal or you'll be sorry!' shout angry trump boys on phone with employee of local chinese restaurant
so am i the asshole for seeing through his manipulation and stopping it?
i ripped all of them and threw them away..
i say something like 'just a sec',turn off the music, and dial my friend.
third-person limited omniscient narrator blown away by surprise ending
they also sometimes asked if i "can read" or if i'm "a little" stupid, though they never said stupid, just implying it.
wibta if i filed a complaint against a mentally disabled person?
it sound silly said like that but my totem name is lune franche (i'm french, sorry, but it sounds better in french, it means frank moon in english).
**tldr - called a girl bully a slut and that her dad would be ashamed of her after she sexually shamed me for being a virgin loser who plays video games...given detention because i didn't apologize, tensions with school mates.**
their son lives upstairs and takes care of yardwork and such.
online recap of tv show attracts 25,000 readers who have given up on life
she threw her heavy ass, full as pencil box and threw it onto the keyboard and even bumped into my right hand (dominant) whilst she was doing all this.
bush not heard from for over a month
her being stupid she opens it and reads it while in a lesson at school when her friends are around her.
&#x200b; tldr: bf of 6 months is black; parents are chinese.
personally i can't not take offence, i'm actually devastated.
elon musk insists he'd be much more innovative pedophile than thailand rescue worker
secretary of agriculture finally gets around to reading fast food nation
she slid down the stairs on her butt and was basically unharmed.
this might al be my misguided opinion, hence i'm writing this post.
but i tried to make my advances more clear with k after this.
my sil later called me could not believe what had just happened.
eager understudy beginning to think john lithgow impervious to disease
man always attempts to intercept tossed things
which made me cry i was very upset by that and still am and he won’t apologise because i won’t.
for context my best friend and i just finished our last year of high school.
putting up with dave's shit not in job description
suction cup-wearing robert mueller forced to cower behind white house chandelier after trump returns home earlier than planned
also the way i was raised my family never really did thank you cards or texts just thank yous by mouth &#x200b; three i forgot to mention but i have gotten them same travel bag (and so has my sister and mom) for almost five years for christmas and birthdays.
there were two other people who didn't give up their seats on the other side of the aisle as well.
should i have been way less devastated?
self-helped woman won't stop at just self
i call her back and ask if there's another car seat in the attic.
yeah typical bully, he and his friends often overreacted whenever anybody retaliates.
i wasn't ready to be tied down.
he doesnt have any balls or drive to take drastic steps when needed.
7-year-old apparently under impression everyone knows who the fuck aunt dee-dee is
aita for not helping my mom put up the christmas tree?
am i the asshole for saying this and trying to prevent them from becoming something?
'hands across liechtenstein' raises $30 for liechtenstein charities
hooded members of congress drown another love child in potomac to prevent affair from getting out
and why is stan lee's passing such a touchy subject?
i rose my voice some at the poor lady before leaving and posting a 1-star review on the survey they sent out.
i sat next to my boss as well.
aita for telling my girlfriend, that i want her full trust or none?
&#x200b; some other neighbors say that he uses drugs and smokes everyday but i have never paid attention.
the girl has been asking for rides; i always drive her if she asks, so i always give my friend a "maybe" answer even if he asks before she does.
campbell's unveils one big can-sized noodle
&#x200b; sometimes i'd love to just yell at him to shut the fuck up and let me sleep but i'd be waking up everyone in my family by doing so and there's no guarantee he would stop, we also want to be in good terms with neighbors because we want to do some restructuring and we need all of them to agree or something.
urban polling centers recommend voters start lining up now for 2016 election
i understand that she did spend as much time working on the project as everyone else, but i found it extremely annoying that she spent all of her time trying to make the game "look pretty" without attempting to contribute to the actual challenging parts of building the game.
dianne feinstein horrified after new gun control bill disintegrates immediately upon crossing into senate chamber
i'm sorta lowering their guard and creating false trust that i may be a potential partner or friend when i just want to have sex.
he told me we could still call and talk but he just didn’t want to play.
so as far as i know, h doesn't have an urgent need for repayment.
when we're apart i often find myself just wanting to spend time together, she is wickedly funny and always making me laugh out loud, and an amazing artist.
i said, “babe, just ignore her- let’s get going!” the woman did not like this.
he's making his morning experience worse by eating around it...
since then i think i almost feel some guilt about it but not really?
abc producers blasted for controversial selection of underage 'bachelorette'
she only took a tiny bit out, and i don't think it was noticeable.
she was manipulative most of the time and in early august, she had told me she came up positive on a pregnancy test after our meetup a week or so prior (because i was a stupid kid and didn't use protection).
i have worked for my company since i was 20, and my boss was once just my senior coworker and friend.
pope francis donates clothing to needy refugees
area man finally sees enough images of bare breasts for entire lifetime
i think that's completely fair but asked them to still pay me for their share of the airbnb since otherwise i end up paying for it.
am i the asshole for ignoring her when she was blatantly trying to start arguments in her texts?
lockheed martin executive fondly recalls humble beginning dealing arms out of back of chrysler lebaron
her: ,,no, i sell used shoes to him since a year now, it's good money and i am fine with it, since he is not harassing or something" me: ,,you know this could be just the start of a harassement or future problems right?
no one in group admits girls' night out a colossal failure
but on the flipside, i understand that i'm not responsible for telling other people how to apply to college, that the standards i'm held to don't necessarily apply to others, and that i may be perpetuating the culture that created these standards for me in the first place.
i really didn't want to end up in the middle of them but one day while hanging out we drank a lot.
this call to action transcends cultures and generations.
aita for arriving at the theatre with a friend 30 minutes late, splitting up a group who were seated in our spot?
the timing is shitty and she's fully entitled to feeling sad on this day but warning me she's going to be in a funk dampens any excitement i had about my birthday.
we had one coach who had a lot of helpful tips, but he wasn't able to be there very often.
edit: now he’s got his wife involved and she’s threatening to come over here and fight me over it.
he seemed to take this into consideration and ran potential tenants by me as they reached out to him.
gay war hero awarded posthumous dishonorable discharge at white house ceremony
about 45 texts are sent per minute (that’s an exaggeration, but it has gotten to that point) alright: here comes the juicy stuff last night, in the most recent group chat, d says that he’s gonna make a new one, because this one was getting stale, and suggests he should add m because he thinks they should all get to know her before the prom.
she goes on about how she thought i was a really good friend of hers and she said something like how could a best friend do something like this.
pilot shudders to imagine why passengers taking red-eye to atlantic city
exhibition only goes for 40 minutes and i believed the possibility would be there to do something afterwards if it was going alright because it was very early in the night.
owners of google hope to parlay world's most popular website into book deal
she will be staying here in our city indefinitely as she likes it here, but she's down to come just as a fun vacation.
i tried to respond that it was only five minutes, bass doesn't damage hearing anyways and he really loved it.
as far as apologies go, it kind of blew chunks.
and i learn she doesn't even find girls attractive?
nhl fans claim hockey way more fun if you there in person, on ice playing game
aita for donating my kid's college money to charity?
however none of my grandparents or great-aunts or great-uncles do, they mostly only speak cantonese and some malay.
thought i was just a good brother and if anything goes wrong, my sister will take car of it.
he despises him, because he commented on all his old posts.
i am groggy, and have no idea what she is talking about, but she insists that my dog shat on the floor a few floors below.
kellogg's pulls controversial 'choco-bastard' from store shelves
he was more hurt than i expected.
we have no common ground on interests.
wolf blitzer debuts new real-time election results beard
trump campaign training poll watchers to spot any suspicious skin colors on election day
my ex is a good person and we have agreed on how to go forward but her mom is taking things and hiding them!
i talked to my fiancé and it sounds like p is going to post the pictures, and she’s comfortable with that.
gallup poll: rural whites prefer ahmadinejad to obama
&#x200b; after two hours my friend starts noticing jack is feeling bad from space muffins and tells him to lie down on my bank.
autopsy reveals subject was still alive when autopsy began
i normally try not to engage too much but i felt the need to voice my opinion while i started my morning.
vocalist leaves journey tribute band over creative differences
taylor swift mourns death of boyfriend christopher dorner
so me and his wife planned a prank for his bachelor party.
to complicate matters i’d developed a huge crush on my (female) housemate.
i'm still upset he didn't take the things i told him to heart.
• i have a crush on dude a • i talked shit about the “gals” •i said “i love you” to a guy some of this is true.
arctic scientists discover perfectly preserved al gore frozen in glacier
bleary-eyed cosmopolitan staffer cranks out 10 billionth way to bring out the animal in your man
about 10m later, the bus gets pulled off by three suv cop cars who stormed on to the bus and yelled at the man to put his hands up and not make a move.
so the average number of times this man would need to perform a toilet seat action (tsa for short) per day is given by the equation: ((7/18)*(2/9) + (11/18)*(7/9)) * 9.
nobody told me i was off the team...
brett kavanaugh reiterates cruel and unusual punishment what makes someone a true kappa
so my gf and i(33) have a habit of checking each other's phones (whether this is right or wrong is another discussion) and i finally snapped and confronted her about this.
intact benetton shirt miraculously pulled from bangladesh rubble weeks later
he was obviously uncomfortable with me having feelings for him, yet he still treated me like i was his best friend ever.
am i the asshole for not speaking up?
mind you, we've been together 4 years.
i later replaced the record (which i would have done as soon as i realized it was broken), and there were no hard feelings.
anyway, he takes a seat in that chair at around 3ish, and stays there til the super bowl starts (4:30).
chuck grassley voted against mlk day due to foreseeing how everyone would dishonor king's memory
woman wonders whatever happened to those rainforests she gave $5 to save that one time
milo (my dog) just walked up to him and smelt his hand.
though he looked jacked, he definitely couldn't easily lift the weights he had and was really struggling, and making loud annoying breathing sounds.
biden investigated for questionable workers' comp claim
it's not that we automatically own each other's bodies, its more of a mutual respect that if some friend or acquaintance gets handsy or touchy, the other should put a stop to it.
i realized after the interview though that i just don’t think i’m comfortable leaving my baby with a teenage boy.
my friend of over 15 years is getting married in a few months.
so i asked the doomed question "i'm just concerned, have i done anything annoying or to make you dislike me?" she followed this up saying no, and was also letting things pan out after my partner lost his job.
nytimes.com's plan to charge people money for consuming goods, services called bold business move
because of when it was and where it was and what it was swim knew who it was.
she took it personally and was very upset by this.
mother, daughter exchange encoded menstruation-related message over dinner table
woman masturbates to concept of commitment
horrifying doll sitting on neighbor's porch whether it's halloween or not
for the record my case is doing great and despite my kids dropping my phone, has not broken or been damaged.
when we first got together we had amazing chemistry and had an amazing amount of sex.
handshake comes in at unusually high angle, velocity
military apologizes after drone strike intended for yemeni isis base accidentally hits west palm beach wedding
i will be honest, i don’t have a six figure income, and at this point was pretty near the poverty line myself.
long wait for big toenail to fall off nearly over
they don’t do many things with much intelligence, and are (to my knowledge) one of the more dumber species compared to humans, gorillas, apes, chimps, orangutans etc.
i don’t want to be the naggy girlfriend but i told him that i was upset about him choosing soccer over me, and that i had really been looking forward to spending the time with him because he’s been talking about plans for several weeks.
police confirm car had ethanol in system at time of crash
wibta for being upset about this and calling it off without further explanation?
portrait of nude, bleeding man hung on school wall
remember that friend; let's call him cool guy.
unfinished basement has weird feeling about way woman looking at it
man who couldn't defeat george w. bush attempting to resolve israel-palestine conflict
congressman lets his guitar do the talking
hillary clinton: 'when i was a child, most special interest groups wouldn't even consider donating large sums of money to a woman'
no one told her to go on a tirade saying a lot of false things about me (none hurtful, i just don't like it when i'm lied about, to myself or otherwise).
she tells me that her friends want to get together friday night around 10pm to go cosmic bowling and have a few drinks.
she’s never really brought this up.
you shouldn’t do that anymore, to anyone.
i don't get why he would want to propose in the middle of someone else's engagement - it's less exciting for them, causes more stress and planning for everyone, and is just a blatant attention grab.
i spent thousands of dollars and so much time to tune my system perfectly and to not use it when i want sucks.
so i end up moving in w them and they're absolutely lovely but it sucks.
i waited a day and asked again.
erica has a boyfriend, but he's still attracted to her.
if you ordered it then i have to give it to you.
i'm crying right now just from typing this.
my mother is busy working and i kind of feel really guilty for going on a trip to enjoy myself with friends.
mark zuckerberg admits he unsure why anyone still uses facebook
she could’ve stated it that way and i would’ve understood, but she didn’t.
brad pitt scampers away from script after detecting musk of chris pine on pages
so last night my boyfriend and i went to dinner and then had a walk around the park.
was i being an ass and just not letting shit go?
she said every other bridesmaid had messaged her the same thing and she expected more.
yesterday afternoon (dec 20) i see that i work and i ask every single employee to switch shifts with me but no one could.
cash-strapped zuckerberg forced to sell 11 million facebook users
now i think my boyfriend feels stuck between me or them and i’m starting to feel like the asshole.
daycare, cleaning, cooking, ect and after the tykes were put down i presented it to him and explained that i would like to be have a separate bank account and be paid (min wage) for the hours that he's at work to be put into and that money be for the work that i put in for the family.
i'm happy to drive slower but i did review the video from my dashcam and saying that the kids had to run to get out of the way is not accurate.
the title is a bit more straight forward than it really is.
he hadn’t pushed me, so i’m not sure i had the right to trip him.
undercover agents talking to each other in 'under 12' chatroom
area man not exactly sure why doctor needed him undressed for that
m(49) military veteran reared in the south asked my spouse f(35) reared in upstate ny her thoughts on the recent ruling that girls could participate in the boy scouts.
the girl and i agreed on meeting the saturday (5th january).
this to me felt irrelevant seeing as if she moved my peers wouldn't be an issue, though i kept that to myself.
before all this began i said to her i needed to concentrate on school and i said that we should "take a break for a while from talking" and she said fine.
i feel naive, but think i did the right thing.
'but a fox wouldn't eat gingerbread,' that one precocious little asshole reports
new railway line to be built straight up your ass
i asked her if she wanted to be friends, then why did she treat me this way.
also, i'm an only child and i'm worried about my dad as he would be home alone and he doesn't put in effort to eat proper food if he's alone.
throw away account since my regular is fairly obvious.
it was pretty but it just tasted like dirty vegetables and milk.
i felt i had to constantly move my gear further away because of him.
seriously this just makes me boil.
i’ve contacted a lawyer and we have subpoenaed the mower manufacturer as i bought it brand new, and the plan is to now try and charge him with theft of my mower
report: mom would rather sit here and watch you guys have fun
we’re both in the 12 grade and she is always complaining about her future.
i have no idea why she went through all the motions to get married 6 weeks ago, unless she just wanted the wedding gifts from her family but disliked them enough to not want them at the actual ceremony.
department of interior brings down derelict rainbow with controlled demolition
nation to be sterilized from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. this friday
not sure if this is relevant or not...
study finds eating doctor after birth can provide essential nutrients to new mothers
i feel like a total asshole for changing my offer just because i'm busy (i mean, we're all busy) and i'm not getting paid, but ...
but two hours was too long for me today since i had a few appointments coming up and i told the first guy bruce as much.
desperate starbucks now pleading for people to masturbate, use drugs in its restrooms
i am just mildly annoyed at how she scheduled her trip.
now to my surprise, my best friend made a geroup chat including him and it’s the greatest thing that has happened since manchester city won the league last year.
they sarcastically said that i shouldn't buy cotton anymore (i only buy cotton clothes), because it's also bad for the environment.
you don't know how i masturbate anymore".
this may sound crazy to a lot of you but i am telling the truth.
aita for telling my son & dil not to expect us to be babysitters for our grandkids?
i’ve tried my hardest to make sure there’s a platform for them, but when shit hits the fan i tend to get things done.
i asked him what time he would have gotten to the office if the subways weren't delayed, and he said "before the meeting".
ap reporter in gaza needs another term for 'blood-soaked'
the whole conversation after this is simply that i asked to speak with my fiance privately for a moment.
anderson cooper throws another box of letters from gay children into dumpster
have i done something that i'm unaware of?
but then started getting meaner about it and i said "are you jealous that you're dark ass fuck and don't look like me.
>me: well now i'm kinda upset.
minotaur wondering if there more to life than bashing in heads of those who dare wander into labyrinth
i told her that everyone loves lamborghinis and ferrari’s, but when you twin turbo them or add some extra mods they are even more amazing!
gallant amazon user heroically defends 'fringe' season 2 box set from negative reviewers
since i had to grade it, i noticed this and told her that she needs to pay more attention in class.
i crack open the door: me: can i help you?
astronomers predict giant asteroid will hit nation's theaters this summer
aita for asking my inlaws to change how they celebrate hollidays with my children my in-laws are very traditional and have very specific ideas about holliday's that my wife and i don't share.
i don't know what happened to him, but he didn't come back at the start of the next semester.
another claimed to run her own fashion label but is actually just an amazon dropshipper for womens jeans.
i deleted that post after a while, since i didn't want to actively name and shame a person, even if i honestly want to kick him in the teeth everytime i've met him, but i still stand by my post, and made it clear once again that i think supporting communism basically makes you an idiot in my eyes.
busy schedule forces vladimir putin to move up election win a couple days early
jimmy carter contemplating dying right here and now
if that’s the case it’s even worse.
did not really think much of it, but he just texted me he wants a "50 bed fee" for puking on his bed and not telling him.
i started to get worried and had a talk with him over the summer of 2018.
i continued to state the address and he wouldn’t listen or give my food, i refused to pay until i got all my food, my order sitting right there and card in hand.
hillary clinton campaign shuts down after blowing through $2 billion in first month
its usually playful and she and me both enjoy it.
study: 83% of marathon spectators only attend for sick thrill of watching fellow man suffer
over a year ago we moved into his family home with his sister and uncle after his mother died.
i’m okay with that cause i like the concept of minimalism and i like the konmari method of living.
i completely froze up, the only thing i remember was that everyone seemed really scared, and that i promised to murder him if i ever saw him again.
i think mom should have at least told me in advance, but i don’t know whether i had the right not to let laura stay, so i thought it would be helpful to see what people think.
band loudly discusses record deal at ihop
she expressed that hearing that made her feel bad, and said she’d try not to do it again.
new numeric boggle challenges players to find integers
i've gone and apologised to as many people as i could.
i had been looking forward to seeing my friends since we made the plans a couple weeks ago, but i had to bail because of how bad the chemical burns hurt (probably partially my fault because i still colored my hair after the bleaching and that probably made it worse).
aita for being angry about the friendzone?
i've been engaged to my fiance for about two months, and before that we dated for six months, so we've been together a total of eight months.
i changed myself for my ex and i was pretending to be someone i wasn’t just for the sake of being compatible.
more background, she and both of her siblings all went to catholic school and her sister(23) recently got married to her high school sweetheart.
yes, this is within my industry but i wouldn't dream of charging my best friend.
industrial light & magic creates believable storyline
my mom thinks my fiancee is being a selfish and manipulative person.
'support small business' demands sign in window of boutique open five hours a day, three days a week
otherwise savvy woman duped by mascara makers again
but i responded to him and said that i was going to ask her and at that point i thought he backed off from this girl.
the problem is that he is immature and a brat at times and the feelings she used to have for him went away.
report: none of the 31 americans qualified to be president running this year
new wheelchair has that 'new wheelchair' smell
today in class, mrs n confronted all of her classes by acting extremely disappointed.
theresa may puts on headphones to hear english translation of trump's address
aita for thinking my ex and her family are really rude to not at least acknowledge my sympathy card and text to her mother about the loss of her grandmother?
a coach intervened saying he knew me and my fiancee and there was no way i was staring at her since i am me and i did not have my glasses.
she pushed me to bed and i remember telling my wife that if she could stop crying and talk to her mother because she is being disrespectful by barging in our bedroom getting involved with our business and pushing me.
teen admits parents were right about fred durst
upper-middle-class woman worries there's better coffee she doesn't know about
i meant this as a joke at the time, although i don't think the joke part of it got across to her or her friends since they all got extremely mad at me.
we'd barely spoken since the breakup, and i was clear as day about the fact that i never wanted kids.
i \[26m\] was with my gf \[24f\], one night where she had come round to my flat for some netflix and chilling as usual.
aita want friend at wedding but not her partner so i'm getting married next year and while organising a guest list, i realised i wanted to invite a certain friend but did not want to invite her partner.
when i got off work today i went to the hawaiian spot for some food to go.
'hurry, there's a violent black woman attacking my daughter,' says cindy mccain to police while watching 'the view'
i recently built a building behind my home.
she and i are close like a big sister ( more than me and my brother unfortunately ) and so i promised not to tell as i dont have the same connection with my bro.
so i work a job where i walk a lot.
for whatever reason the conversation came to my ex and someone asked the fiance i'd it he felt it was weird that my ex and i were still friends (and sort of work together).
i didn't inform my boyfriend of the insane amount of snow on the truck that he would have to clean off (which i usually do).
partner and i have been together for four years.
everytime someone says they were sexually assaulted, i'm immediately just straight into finding reasons they're lying.
after one team night, the management dragged me into a chat with the 5 of them and me, and basically told me i was getting a warning for being toxic.
aita for getting mad when my friend doesn't answer my messages?
according to twitter that makes me an asshole incel virgin woman hater.
we’ve been together for 3 years, he has spent holidays with my family.
we offered money, he said no, however asked us not to smoke on it.
everybody was drinking and we declined but eventually ended up ordering entrees.
wltz hartford's number one choice for continuous soft hits
banana republic announces opening of new stores where buying pants will not be totally humiliating experience
one day i yelled out my window "can you shut the fuck up?!" aita?
after i had made my own friends, i introduced a to them, and i also helped defend her from bullies and assholes.
three escaping legislators shot from senate guard tower
i will completely accept responsibility if need to.
i told her that its getting borderline psychotic at this point thats shes falling apart in public at the sight of dog themed sweaters.
report: dad wants to show you where fuse box is
i mean, can’t they just wear something that suits them/or buy the low cost option?
i said “it’s raining out” but she didn’t see my reasoning.
study finds dogs twitching in sleep are dreaming about tearing owners limb from limb
when we got back, we told the salesman that we had one more check in the mail, coming in to combine with all of our monies so we could put down $12-13k out of the $15.8k needed to buy this new, luxurious, beautiful car.
it was also snowing, so she took a while to get to the area where i threw it.
guy you don't want to see will meet you there
i’m going to see if i can mend some bridges when we get back from our holiday.
so yeah feedback apprecciated maybe im being a judgemental asshat idk.
exhausted her asthma and is taking a shit ton of medication.
about 6 months ago, i was selling a camera lens on facebook marketplace.
i decided it was best we don’t talk for a while.
i'm not sure, so i'll ask you guys for your perspectives: aita?
but the more i thought about it the more it pissed me off.
courageous heterosexual has never donated blood to red cross in solidarity with gay men
at this point i'm very confused.
business card confirms real-estate salesman is eddie money
obama lays out plan to achieve lasting peace talks in middle east
applebee's to offer divorced-father-and-child specials every other weekend
oh, but my wife loves the cat, and she says we committed to taking care of it.
lawn failing to pull off big rock in corner look
we took a short break, and i asked if she wants to go further (e.g.
i drive us everywhere we need to go, sometimes i'll drop her off at work if i need to use the car (it's my car) and i drive her around town occasionally if she needs to be somewhere and i'm not busy.
plus they say wearing any kind of earphone/headphone hurts them.) so therein lies the question, aita?
she came up to me and apologized saying "i don't want to have bad blood between us.
she was really nice, and had this never happened, i could see myself spending a good few years with her, but no way that i'm dealing with a kid.
weird couple has greatest sex of their lives after announcement of disney-lucasfilm merger
i know i sound like a pussy but let me explain my concern.
i told him i was paying $900 for my studio in the city and he was shocked.
facebook addresses accusations of silencing conservative voices by deleting barack obama's profile
at this point i was upwards of 20vp behind everyone else and figured that there was not too much of a point in playing those two things so i passed my turn and let them finish up the game and went to play with the hosts cat since at that point i would have just been watching them play.
the main reason i am posting this is to gauge exactly how much of one i am or if i was somewhat justified.
i seriously do not need the whole class seeing me like this.
aita for calling a friend out on his hypocrisy and mentioning his ex?
like i'll message good morning as soon as i wake up.
don't leave stuff lying on the floor if you don't want people to take it.
report: logan's mom put him on a diet
'gta v' a sophisticated gaming experience, says man who spent 3 hours running over homeless people with fire truck
personnel director really enjoyed meeting you
so i was at our family's annual superbowl/womenbeatingday party which is usually pretty fun because for the most part it's the only day i see all of my brothers and sisters in one place.
as it came to be, it was not just any old car accident; he was drunk at 8:17 in the morning and lost control of his car and was gravely injured.
honestly, i think our whole family should just drop her.
edit 1: my dad is a great parent and nothing like this has ever happened, but i’m just pissed at him right now for this edit 2: i just feel like he should’ve considered that we’re all hot and tired, and instead helped find a solution to the problem?
well this waitress brought my bill and it only had one pound of wings on it.
(at this point, i was pretty pissed off.
new ultra-realistic xbox game has users press b repeatedly to make character breathe
i think he's a grown ass adult and can make his own decisions; i've told him how i feel and what i want, and if he doesn't want to be friends, he can tell me and we won't see each other any more.
he reacted by telling me not to tell anyone, which i promised to, but when i jokingly mentioned his personal profile offhandedly in a discord server, he forced the owner of the server, whom we knew irl, to ban me from it and not add me back.
j.crew debuts new line of stylish casualwear for mannequins
poll finds only 83% of new yorkers visit statue of liberty every day
while we were still friends, he always respected the fact that i had to sleep during the day and would mow his lawn in the afternoon.
god proclaims raspberries 'now even more berrilicious'
area man mentions that people have said he looks like tom cruise
gene wilder to make horrible, horrible movie
i was like, "oh ok, are you guys coming back" to which she said they were.
punk band has something against local newscaster for some reason
aita (or we, wife and i) for buying a house in an underserved hispanic community?
he still had moments where he was not great, but these didn’t happen often.
the first things i did was go out and buy some dog food, and a collar/leash.
he is, according to her, very nice.
procrastinating surgeon putting off coronary bypass by cleaning entire hospital
however, i still asked for her phone number, she gave it to me and we have talked of going out together next friday.
actually maybe i wouldn't, i just don't think a birthday party is somewhere to introduce me.
the woman begins to argue with me.
if anything, her presence will be a hindrance on those very things.
she said that she had been busy with studying for the exams we would have to take in order to finish the program, but she genuinely enjoyed spending time with me.
aita for using tumblr artwork without permission this one isn't as big as a lot of posts on here, but it made me think nonetheless.
he pleaded me to be quiet about it.
we discuss the matter with an older mediator we both know.
it sure did during practice, and live, according to the audience.
local man gets cocky with ladder
now i'm here alone in the bed writing this post and i feel like i have ruined this moment forever.
i haven't apologized and either did she.
i also asked her if his bf is ok with us meeting so often.
at that point, the spa we loved was booked and i got a massage at a hotel that my work covered with insurance and we hung out at their plunging pool with a bunch of kids splashing around.
also, they’ve emphasized the importance of the two parties not living together.
chili dog, cheddar fries caught in area beard
plus i let them have the rest of my candy, albeit i didn’t really want it.
arianna huffington has webcam implanted in forehead
chinese factory workers fear they may never be replaced with machines
polite disney world guest decides not to bother mickey mouse for picture
first time posting and this is quite a long story, however going to make it as short as possible.
wibta for telling my step-mom i’m no longer comfortable calling her “mom”?
aita: girlfriend cried to ex after i "wasn't comforting enough" my girlfriend is still friends with her ex.
i should have been firm in the beginning and rejected the favor but i accepted it.
lone superdelegate voting for martin o'malley feels like total fucking idiot
area man incapable of making plans without excitedly rubbing palms together
so - this part does make me the asshole - our entire group didn't communicate, myself included.
so my question is, despite asking my parents, i wrote this and tried to be as unbiased as possible, which i don’t feel i was as much as i could have been with my parents.
magical office worker able to turn everything he touches into more work for colleagues
i really didn't care too much for a big party, especially as we had to plan everything in a hurry in just over 2 months.
but this was not unexpected, since it was hard work with number one as well.
they both voted for “no” and i for yes.
epa releases annual list of cities where tap water probably fine to drink but tastes kinda off
i didn’t really know what to do, because i hadn’t really had an interest in mike before.
i took a shower went to bed, rinse and repeat the next day.
aita for telling my parents my little brother will never get better?
aita for not paying my sitter?
she told me that i shouldn’t feel bad because she’s putting more on the line by wanting me.
i was upset and cried but he just stormed out and left me and our daughter alone.
i naturally still think she's sexy, but i don't think this is an appropriate way for a mother to dress, especially considering that our daughter will grow up seeing this and will emulate it.
the more time i spent with him the more i realized i wasn’t a match with my ex.
&#x200b; i unlock his phone and the first thing that's still open is instagram.
i told him i'd done my best to accommodate him but i was done.
however, recently i have seen aspects of his previous depressive phase creeping back in.
while she is going to have a disappointing birthday, i've also said goodbye to 3000 €.
i-90 adds lane for drivers traveling cross-country to stop woman from marrying wrong man
gore begins training for 2004 election in remote mountain cabin
with employee discount, it was between $350-$400.
the next day, i had a serious allergic reaction while i was running, and i started to go into anaphylactic shock.
i want to support her more than anything and if she's happy that's great.
there was one time that she brought up where i went full primal scream on the margaritaville machine.
aita for expecting him to pay me back, or should i cop the cost because i hosted him?
aita for not wanting to share my food with my girlfriend?
she's 24 and im 20(m) aita?
she liked one of the guys that did not put up with her bullshit, treated her like garbage, and called her out on all her needy crap.
i just don’t think this is a good idea, but if you’re happy and you know for a fact that you’re ready, then that’s great.
moving on, i already had to leave early twice last week, and thought whatever i had was gone, except since at least yesterday, it's gotten worse.
i've played on other forums with some of the same players, at least one has said they respect me as a player.
\-asia decides it's her business and says "hey calm down, don't be rude!" and now, i was seeing red.
circular editor makes last-minute call to run fabric softener as top coupon
liberal feels like idiot for placing entirety of hopes on mueller probe instead of new york prosecutors' investigation
i had been asking for more official practice time, basically so i could learn to coordinate better with these people and they would stop thinking i'm a bad player, and so everyone could be included rather than having the cliquey bullshit.
but we’ve known each other 10 months.
he died early in the morning (~4 am) and later that day, some of my family went to his home.
hear me out, this is more nuanced than it sounds.
so i asked her to come to my place and she agreed so i called an uber and we left around 12 (she thinks it was unusual that we did not say bye to anyone because she came to see n and she would not have left without saying bye.
aita for smoking weed in my apartment?
once again i think nothing of it and just brake and wait for the guy to go forward.
(not the smartest idea but we are in 9th) she ended up getting upset and i think we broke him because of that.
&#x200b; it's mostly just the fact that i'll have to get to like this second dog, and i know i won't.
134-year-old man attributes longevity to typographical error
to be brutally honest, i was drugged and bad things happened to me this new years.
early stage threesome forming in corner of party
international space station tented to spray for xenomorphs
he is in non traditional school, which requires about $300/month in dues.
i can't understand my girlfriends reasoning because in my head i know how platonic our friendship is and it is the furthest thing from a date that i can imagine, it's just two friends enjoying a concert together.
i don't want to tell her she's wrong for doing it, but i believe there is a lack of respect for her father's body, his memory and his spirit.
after a long series of angry, tear-filled talks, they took all my stuff, gave me a flip phone, and left me at school.
i then told the dude that that guy had a crush on him, and he ended up telling a lot of people as well.
i’m slightly resentful of this at times.
i tell her it's fine and i will just take the gas and the slushie.
there’s really no other way to put it.
see, the day before, we had a political discussion.
throwaway account around 20 mins ago me and my sister started arguing about who got to charge our phone first, as we are traveling and only have one converter to american plugs.
the kid ended up threatening to put hands on him and he did, my son's arm ended up being broken.
got carded asked another cashier for my contraband, got yelled at.
they say that writing about something can help you cope with it, so here we go.
we started hanging out, and i thought she was really cute but she was a huge druggy, bouncing from place to place cause she got kicked out of her house and she just didn't really have her life together so i wasn't really into her.
christian prop comic wowing churches from coast to coast
sorry for the long post but i am really struggling with this one and kinda need an unbiased third party at this point for my own sanity.
she’d always compliment people on little things and make sure they know they are important to her.
i know that they speak the local language too.
old photographs reveal grandmother never that attractive
fbi shuts down prominent new isis recruitment website
report: new 'the handmaid's tale' season focuses on dangers of feminism run amok
fast forward to 2018, and another project related to the 2015 - 2016 one arises, so she ends up traveling quite a bit.
trump denies existence of 2016 russia meeting commemorative merchandise
she's been staying in the spare bedroom and he's been in the master.
we had free shuttles to essentially anywhere we needed to go and could monitor wait times for the various rides through their app.
we got into a huge blowup over commitment issues and how our relationship seemed to be falling apart.
autoplaying video executes cunning ambush 45 seconds after opening page
go-getter eliminates two steps from grieving process
diorama of rome built in a day
report: most americans have fewer than 5 hobbies saved for retirement
hillary's last name dropped from senate race
high-school teacher reluctantly breaks up fight
i tell her not to do it, but as we drive by them she flings the water out of her water bottle all over them and laughs and gives me the biggest shit eating grin.
luther vandross remembered, if only for one night
'nice to meet you,' coworkers tell new employee they've studied online for hours
extra-slanty italics introduced for extremely important words
lyndon johnson pulls ahead in poll of nation's alzheimer's patients
we let bygones be bygones, and he agrees to return my intial investment with interest.
report: 96% of nation's smut consumed by filthiest 1%
she can drive but it gives her anxiety to drive in the city so the only place she ever drives herself to work.
i messaged the group chat, having had enough of her bullshit, and said that we should just use the account with more followers by the time the race season starts, to which she freaked the fuck out.
l.a. grants clippers $12 for new nets
two of my roommates are really quiet and basically unnoticeable most of the time, but one of them, emma, is extremely extroverted.
man can't get police to care about his bob crane murder theory
as he puts the barbecued food on the table he asks relatively politely if i can move so that he can sit where i am.
guy from pringles ad convicted of murder on law & order
then she still says no and i'm getting a little annoyed.
oscar mayer inedibles not huge success
but isn’t common courtesy to be there for someone when their loved one just died?
so he ends up telling me i am no longer a fit for the property and that i need to find a new place immediately.
and swim knew he was breaking the law.
i received a rather confusing and hurtful email back that was a response to the first email i sent.
he warned me beforehand that he's a player and i thought oh well i can handle myself it's no big deal.
i have no relationship with her and she was paid for her eggs and that's it.
the next day she texts back to check in, and i'm sort of feeling bad.
drug-sniffing dog develops taste for bit-o-honeys
i don't want her to kill my grandchild just because she doesn't wish to be pregnant.
aita for just wanting to enjoy my vacation?
fast-forward a few months, my overseas uncle decides to pay us all a vacation trip to a nearby beach.
archaeologists discover world's first guy named marty
aita for confronting a friend for taking acid?
of course we should have chosen to be honest and tell the waiter that she made a calculation error in the first place.
the thought of going down there gives me so much anxiety, worry and it feels increasingly awkward since i’ve been avoiding them and they have probably developed negative perceptions of me.
i told her i would be fine with no guns in the house because you feel they are dangerous, but cherry picking one over the other didn’t make sense.
unfortunately, cm does not have a good track record with lgbt rights.
i'm always the one who plans our outings whereas she's more effective at beautifying our house and in general just being thoughtful and wonderful.
she had just asked her boss for more hours, and it would be awkward if she denied a shift the next day.
the delivery process itself wasn't smooth either, as we were trying to stall the progression while the corticosteroid injection helped baby's lungs to mature more before delivery, and we opted for a c-section as the obgyn suggested this was the less risky option for the baby to be delivered safely without complications.
i was with an on and off relationship with this person for about 2 years, i had previous relationships, never had trust issues with any of them.
to preface this post i would like to give some information on the house set up.
khalid sheikh mohammed confesses to confessing under torture
that said, we've were raised in a very traditional catholic home.
two weeks ago after an incident we decided to take max to the vet where he was checked out, given blood work, and ultimately put on a low dosage of prozac.
icy snowball can already tell it going to make 9-year-old cry
giuliani: 'let's just start everything over'
screwball jim nabors goofs up again by marrying man
we went out a few nights ago to a bar.
then i was told that her dad hates us, this is because we made her sad.
throwaway because i dont want hate.
bride always dreamed about making fiancé's friends sweat asses off in fucking sun
at first she claimed she couldn't remember but it was right after she told us to stop arguing.
i feel very inferior and like my sex wasn't good enough.
man's anxiety not about to let depression muscle in on turf
i immediately said that i would be sleeping in k's bed, since she's my fiancee.
just heightened emotions, distorted visuals, brighter colors, etc.
windows opened on both coasts in effort to create transcontinental cross-breeze
i believe the oldest son inherits the family business, and in many ways becomes the new "head" of the main family.
she stayed in my shared house, in my room.
instead, she decided to simply go into the smokers area and ask around if anyone was willing to share.
a few months into talking she mentioned her boyfriend during conversation and i expressed my surprise.
resourceful man able to cobble together bad mood from handful of minor annoyances
the brother lives rent free with his girlfriend, but makes half as much as my partner and i do individually.
realized i got baited for a vulgarity report.
most of us that know him on a more personal level, know his wife is pregnant and she is unstable at best when off her medication.
each line of mastercard billing statement evokes infuriating vacation memory
but i already warned her of that, so that it's not my problem.
it being just a rutine and me not thinking about it i have of couce missed this a few times.
but every time, she would pass it off.
about a month ago one of the guys wasn’t on for the night so we found a 4th off of discord.
anyway so in my junior year for whatevrr reason they stop doing it and i fail more classes.
i was in the er with a pretty severe chest infection- my fever was nearly at 40 c, and i was in rotten shape.
i asked if i was a jw, going from door to door and forcing my believes onto them (sorry jws).
researchers publish list of ways animals can help fight climate change
new rap song samples 'billie jean' in its entirety, adds nothing
throwaway account now before all of the angry comments, let my explain: when my boyfriend (we have been together for a year) was a freshman in college (last year), he was obsessed with a game called warframe (for those of you who don't know its a game with a lot of grind if you are a f2p) i played this game too, but not to the extent that he played.
no one speculating about family matters series finale
note: i think that it's a bit fair to get a discount if you have been buying all your bikes in that shop for 20+ years.
the rest of the family came over to find out what all of the ruckus was about, and my brother told our mom that i stole his money.
royal baby spits up on great-grandmother
i immediately get super scared and i'm on high alert, i cross the street he crosses and i'm just trying to listen to my music and stay calm.
wildlife cleaning volunteer stuck with the gulls again
would i be an asshole if i try to call a girl (with no other intention, just to call her to see how she's doing) who denied me before?
&#x200b; tonight she hit big, $18k.
fans excited as 'solo' trailer sheds light on specifically how it will suck
area family has no idea where dad gets shirts
i wanted the prank to last longer so i lied and said no and kept up the calls for two more days, telling her her name and address.
study: every 10 seconds a skyscraper window washer falls to his death
tl;dr: listed below husband’s health, eating habits, comments from friends, family history, sex life, etc.
try something like “could you please restore my post?
he has a habit of grabbing stuff that doesn’t belong to him.
the class in particular was game design i - i'm interesting in being a game developer so was pursuing their 2 year degree in game design.
again, he picks up at least twenty pounds too much and begins to squat and almost fall over into me.
so basically i've been going to school with this one girl for 5-6 years now, she's always been overweight.
i'm a recovering alcoholic for starters.
i’ve only witnessed this happen to him twice within and it’s very upsetting for anyone involved (his tic is a cough btw, so during one of these spells he literally cannot stop coughing.
highlighting in used copy of plato's republic stops on page 17
i will reiterate that these dogs had never hurt anybody before and that papa had complete trust in them.
aita for calling my boyfriend's best friend out?
aita for 'gaslighting' people as pranks?
he also didn't pay attention in class and refused to apologize to teachers when they called him out for it, even when they got legitimately angry.
a witch hunt that got 2 people convicted (to probation, it was described in the news as a miscarriage of justice), but a witch hunt none the less.
this went on for another year (we’re at a total of 4.5 years now), after which there was so much tension and unfortunately also some resentment from both sides.
he claimed he was really drunk too — he wasn’t — and couldn’t find the condoms — he had given them to my husband with a big smile and wink — and had tried to pull out — yeah right — and that she was actually awake and really excited and said okay to pulling out but she just didn’t remember — not true either.
the best option (and what i've been doing) is to sort of just ignore it, but it's honestly making me stressed and hurt knowing that henry and patrick are still friends.
figured i'd save it for a legit question.
plus our third car comes tomorrow so we will have three cars until i can sell my old one.
defense department typo results in u.s. attack on ira
he ended up punching our old tv screen until it was shattered and he caused a contusion in his hand.
and he’s basically been ignoring me all day even though we’ve been in the same room for at least a total of two hours today.
i then explain that i have a rape fantasy.
man with stupid breaks off co-dependent relationship
woman had no idea participating in 5k walk could be so unrewarding
poll finds 2018 midterms resting on critical swing group of people who showed up looking for community center pottery class
so, i ask, am i the asshole?
michelle obama finally gets around to reading 'dreams from my father'
anyway, he agreed to it and for a year or so things were absolutely great.
this worked very well for the first 3-4 weeks (or so i thought) and i was blissfully going through class thinking all was right with the world.
i do love her though, i know that because i get depressed when shes not around and i want to make her happy.
the way i see it is everyone should clean up after themselves.
call me crazy, but when i'm with friends, we will all take turns buying rounds.
my other friend, jaguar, also works at the same place but didn’t receive a promotion.
it was stuff like "wow i really need an hard drive" or "jeez i could use some bag for my arcade stick" etc.
report: only 260,000 more games of 'candy crush' until you die
he also can get aggressive when frustrated.
billions of electric signals between neurons allow brain to imagine what michael imperioli looks like
she thought i hired a private investigator to do it and that i didnt do it myself.
however i still feel unsettled, i’m getting mixed signals.
i told her i enjoyed her as a friend but i could never see her that way and that was just weird af.
the thing that made me tell him i wasn’t actually interested was that he was planning on breaking up with gwen because of our ‘relationship.’ i didn’t want to ruin something because of a lie.
she did buy the car off of them, but payments for it didnt start until months after she "owned" it.
delta blues poised for biggest revival since 1915
third-grade slumber party a snakepit of machiavellian alliances
he said i was kind of an asshole.
me: it doesn't mean it's an emergency but it could have been, i didn't know hence the quickly returned call no one says she takes precedence over you.
report: majority of americans proficient at owing large sums of money
i say "oh man, my wife loves that dressing and is gonna be pissed if i come home with out it" she says it will take them 20 minutes to make more.
aita for completely cutting her out after she got a bf?
man who got 6-figure book deal from his tumblr account has the fucking nerve to appear on national television
i ask her what her plans for the rest of the night where.
usually using my ps4 to watch movies, netflix, play games, whatever.
terrified laptop wakes up inside case
'sir, you stated you wanted to modernize the grinch for today's audience,' says new cnn entertainment reporter jim acosta
aita for completely losing interest in her, and planning to stop talking to her so, me and a girl we can call trish have had this on/off thing for close to a year.
lastly, my husband knows he’s obese.
my girlfriend (20f) and i (25f) are living in an apartment together and have been for a few months now.
my dad leaves the room and i continue arguing with her.
note: i told her she couldn't come if she was still sick by tomorrow my parents got me and my siblings a trip to new york and tickets to a play for christmas, and we're all going on saturday, including my girlfriend who has never been.
she told me that she didn't really want to do anything sexual that day, and, despite that, i kept trying to ask her and push her towards doing sexual things.
well in that text convo we got into a small argument and he said "find another way to get your money, i'm blocking you." i finally had enough of being the bigger person during the break up, so i brought my dad with me to his place to get the money, just in case anything bad happened.
i went to moms today & saw displayed a pic of the kid in the living room & i silently abandoned my half eaten breakfast & quietly left.
it matters a lot to me and my friends but i get that it won't seem important to some other people.
but occasionally people will say “what?” so i have to kinda treat them like it’s a stickup and say “here’s what’s going to happen.
telling someone they are being cheated on=not asshole move.
i confirmed and replied " yeah i'm pretty sure that his car or our boss's car.
microsft bids $2.1 billion for milton berle joke file
fitbit releases new tracking collar that gets tighter every second you are inactive
the dog was in the living room (within sight of me answering the door) so i couldn't lie.
every time i bring it up she says oh yeah im going to, just waiting for this or that but lately i feel like thats just something she says, and 3 years seems like a long enough time to find some kind of way.
that is a staggering 14 tsas per day.
unattractive man not fooling anyone by dressing well
they don’t overeat on junk but they do have some most days, maybe i’m a bad parent for allowing this but i grew up eating this way and i’m slim and healthy and they’re fit and healthy too.
here's where it got really hurtful.
when he's sleeping i make sure not to make much noise, but i always keep my desklight on because the brightness helps me concentrate and see.
nonvoter knew it would turn out this way
knights organization denies claims that overhunting could lead to extinction of dragons
the thought of unclean, bitten, not manicured nails going inside me or touching me down there makes me seriously cringe.
kool-aid, hi-c make backroom deal to destroy tang
report: red meat linked to contentedly patting belly
then, there was one question, it asked about my all time favorite band and favorite song, i asked her to please let me have it.
the only thing that is obvious to me is that they stood up for me when my former team were bullying me - and i asked them not to do that because i didn't want it to become a big deal or a fuss!
opening soda bottle inadvertently makes man loser
the past couple months i haven't been getting along with him and he also tries to give me life advice and tell me how to be.
my girlfriend is indian and comes from a hindu family.
after her attempt at having a fake boyfriend ,(which everyone found out) , i decided , "welp , if i can't get a girl might as well find a guy." while i was trying to figure out ways to ask my friend out, the universe gives me a huge middle finger , chell and luke become a couple.
okay to give context, i’m in high school and i go to a catholic school that’s been around for about 53 years now.
i worked so hard for this and now it's ruined.
man eating mcchicken sandwich can tell mcdonald's switched up antibiotics
should i be more considerate of her limitations and more understanding of her disability?
new york family man latest victim of nation's misguided war on tax evasion, perjury, campaign finance violations
she has been deceased for almost 4 years.
so wibta if i tell her i’ve cut myself because she doesn’t provide me proper meals?
so a few days back me and a girl i know had a sleepover or whatever you call it.
but his friend dm'd me the other day and told me, "hey, just thought you should know.
i think i was within my rights, and i was honest and forthright with my boyfriend about the conversation abf and i were having.
stephen hawking reportedly working on juicy tell-all formula
radiator saving single loudest clank for 3:32 a.m.
officemax employee was here when gel pens were big
i even asked if we ever get to evaluate whether the cat was a good idea or not, and she's admitted the cat was a bad idea.
hazmat worker sees no reason to throw away all this perfectly good food
my sister is also preventing her kids, who love my dad, from going.
queue the story: so i throw some hints and the store was able to open i ended up spending too 200 my dollars going and getting kids: toys, canned foods, diapers etc i luckily at a discount store for which i worked so i was even able to afford to get some people blankets.
man's streak of getting great parking spot ends at 37
is it my fault for getting overly attached?
febreze releases new air horn for covering up unpleasant bathroom sounds
he started looking for one and even showed me one in the store of similar size as the one he wanted.
info: this has come after talking to him about the bullying.
kavanaugh: 'i am not denying that ford was sexually assaulted in some alternate dimension, plane of existence'
he was so taken aback, he didn't know what to do...so he dropped his weights and proceeded to walk over to the security desk to report my lashing out.
man wakes from nightmare relieved it only expression of his real-life problems
i feel like i have no ground to stand on since it's an open relationship, but also because of sleeping with my ex.
i just want to protect my friend, romantic feelings aside.
the first 5mins, i was excited because it was a puppy (everyone gets excited about puppies).
first off, i'm crazy in love with my boyfriend.
cheney suspects bush listening in on other phone
my life, my home and that stupid hotel.
our friends mentioned just pulling to the side of the road, but i didn’t want a cop to show up, so i turned that offer down.
if i don't have plans for the evening by noonish of that day and i wish to do something i make plans..
aita/am i a bad friend for begrudging my friends their lottery money?
turns out they had not expected this outcome after all.
i would have reported it sooner but it was the holidays and we were busy.
i had homework due that night, my mother (who is also in school) wanted me to correct her papers before submission, and i had a ton of reading too.
hussein family can't bear to throw out uday's favorite nutsack shocker
man won't stop coming up with new sniglets
i feel bad and don’t think this makes me an asshole but also try not to talk about it.
i didn't intend on anything bad happening and i'd really like some opinions.
a local congressman (cm) was instrumental in getting my scholarship program set up, and without his action i would be in a much deeper pile of debt than i am currently in.
i will admit i put the scholarship before school and sometimes did not have time for homework.
my girlfriend calls us disgusting pigs and walks away.
routine, affordable medical procedure put off another year
how'd that happen?" i told him the brief story, including that i had asked her as a date, but after talking we decided it was best we just go as friends.
my husband doesn't feel that way at all though.
aita for telling my girlfriend to cancel her gym membership?
he's devastated and so am i.
orrin hatch mistakenly left dangling in bondage-fetish dungeon
3)he does not pose any of the symptomhs.he enjoy the same stuff just as much, he eats just fine, is not locking himself out etc.
this took a lot of work and set up.
she is incredible bad with money, anytime she has spare cash its gone with no savings.
so it left me twisted inside.
area bus driver would prefer not to say 'you're welcome' for thousandth time today
so about three years prior, my dad built a greenhouse, it was a big deal, cost a lot of money, and you know just took a lot of energy.
i do it because it’s a satisfying word to call someone when they mess up because it’s just a simple “you monkey.” - much more powerful than calling someone a dumbass or idiot because monkeys aren’t in the slightest bright animals.
so, since it was stranger on stranger communication, i didn't know anything about a, her facebook wall is mostly empty (only avatar updates etc but it's because she got her posts mostly set on friends only).
**edit** thanks for your honesty guys.
we're in 2019 and people still don't understand to fucking google their own questions and finding solutions online.
today she was having another yell at some one for bringing it up and i told her to stfu and lose some fckng weight on a treadmill and not eat so unhealthy.
scientists put sleep-inducing power of agribusiness today into pill
he thinks it's weird for a guy to get a manicure, and his friends will call him gay for it.
high school nurse getting pretty good at spotting morning sickness
i responded that i always thought she did it for herself (she was raised a jehovah's witness and never got to celebrate christmas as a kid) she stomped off to another room and started sobbing, muttering about how rude i am, and eventually came back in to call me a "fucking asshole" and asking why i would ever think she celebrated christmas for herself.
so am i the asshole, for potentially making him feel bad because some of the people that i have introduced to him have been super hostile towards him?
honestly, this felt a little flimsy considering it's a 45 minute drive from her place and this is the first time i saw her since august, over 3 months before.
now i know saying yes to wanting to have sex with my bestfriend was fucked up and as a man i can admit that but some history into why i would have gone through with it taylor : i was in love with her for a solid 3 years, like real hard.
we had looked at rings together a few months ago and he got me exactly what i said i didn't like.
bachmann says unexplained blackouts from which she wakes up covered in blood won't affect ability to lead
pentagon to withhold budget figures out of respect for american families
one: there was no one who could pick me up from the bus stop and two: i would have to skip one of my classes to even make it there on time, making me miss vital information on one of my projects for finals.
i know, 100%, that my behaviour is completely unacceptable.
i understand i shouldn't touch him but my drunk self just continued to put my hand over his mouth because he kept screaming.
the motherfucker hasn't left his room in 3 days and has reverted to the same self sorry sack of shit he was before his therapy.
i explained to her that if she'd given me just ten minutes warning, she wouldn't have noticed that day.
new study finds americans scoot over at least 10 miles per year
baby-shower attendees quickly drain box of white zinfandel
she was a bit sick earlier in the evening so i assume that is showing up again.
i feel like this is completely out of left field and i'm embarrassed and angry.
breaking: do you think we're doing a good job?
trump promises u.s. will continue to recognize, preserve palestinians' historic refugee camps
so we had a big fight.
one of my french friends decided to go and order a much more expensive meal than what i ordered, the other friend ordered the same dish as i did (so, same price).
i feel disrespected, i don't think it's right that she demands i throw away an hour of time every day, which i could spend doing literally anything useful otherwise, especially not when there are many people in the class that are late every day and there is no problem, since, as i said, this is a very casual class.
she was at the store and asked me to take a picture of a recipe in our cookbook.
she told me at 4 pm, which is like in 4 hours....
did i hand you enough paper to equals $15.81, pretty lady?” so she calmly handed the one-dollar bill back to me and gave me a very awkward $4.19 in change, consisting of no less than ten individual pieces of u.s.
disturbance of arafat's grave casts horrible curse on middle east
tim kaine forced to drink ipecac after eating sheet of 'i'm with her' stickers
number of songs gop candidates can use down to 4
harrison ford chuckles to self upon realizing he hasn't been in movie people liked in 18 years
toddler chokes to death on plastic taiwanese-made toy
excited nation already lining up outside irs offices in anticipation of tax day
after that i met with my executive functioning councilor, recounted all of the situation, and asked for her advice as well.
i refuse because i always feel that in situations like this, she’s very emotionally manipulative and i don’t want her to “win” again.
but i didn't know people felt this strongly about it.
backstory here before there's a default "nta" just on prejudgment of the other party.
i couldn't because i was leaving for class right as she asked, but my last roommate (roommate c) did it since she had the time to.
cdc warns once-eradicated jitterbug spreading across country at rate not seen since 1940s
i sat there and took it all.
he says the n-word with a hard r at least 50 times a day at my school.
i’ve had as little as $15.00 in my account at times, i understand that feeling.
unbeknownst to him, his mom is texting me thanking me for looking out for her son.
b comes from money, definitely upper upper middle class at least.
aita for not allowing my best friend to date my younger sister?
i tell the first guy that i'm selling it to the new guy and promptly complete the transaction.
well 5 days after i sold it grandma sees the facebook post and starts commenting and messaging me saying she's not happy because you shouldn't sell christmas gifts and i've hurt her feelings and ruined her night????
so she's pissed at me because i was a jerk to her.
he paid for my sisters wedding.
because my mom has been supportive of me seeking time away from my fiancee, my fiancee accused her of "setting me up to fail".
literally all i could think about was "incel" and that "i studied the blade" meme.
it doesn't hurt the man or does it?
ergonomic advisors call for $30 million in federal lumbar support
mitch mcconnell inflates throat pouch in show of dominance over fellow congressional males
im talking an hour late somedays.
we had a fallout when i confronted her about this mystery guy she's been hanging out with on snapchat (which was a bad idea) and she admitted she's been dating someone new but claimed didn't want to tell or confirm to anyone.
aita for smoking on a gifted couch?
santa claus killed in electric-razor crash
candidate with no chance of winning nomination settles on goal of crushing hickenlooper campaign
i don't know what to do because we had a big fight about it last night and she won't budge and we are pretty close to breaking up about it.
high school fuckup now in charge of checking airport luggage for explosives
i was as courteous as i can be.
new ronco food exposer spoils food overnight
report finds populace has collective goodwill to come together for only 5 more national tragedies
olay introduces new line of pre-moisturized skin
&#x200b; the most bad i feel is to my friends, they helped me alot and the first few minutes i treated them as shit.
my boyfriend struggled so hard with it.
queen elizabeth to think mainly about her approaching death throughout olympics ceremony
my parents have always been very secretive about their personal lives and my family is just not a very open family.
so i decide to cancel the date.
embarrassed comcast ceo just tells people he does digital media stuff
i think she could be emotionally cheating, or maybe just naive.
we still wanted to be friends (we played games together with other friends and didn’t want to ruin that) we are both uni students, everything seemed to be fine.
i hate losing at games like this.
depraved candidate struggling to support $100,000-a-day advertising habit
now, heres the problem-- sometimes he tinkers ans its really loud and annoying.
me and a couple of close friends (4 guys and 5 girls) where hanging out at our friend's house over the weekend.
at first it was just for all the routine stuff but maybe a year ago a pic of her on the beach (that cropped me out btw) was shared on a "hotties of xxu" account and overnight she went from like 1000 followers to well over 80,000.
stupid mistake looking back on it.
i dont doubt she has a problem, she goes to a physical therapist for it and apparently she told my girlfriend that itll never fully go away.
facebook clarifies site not intended to be users' primary information source
she told him and he just looked at me and rolled his eyes, but he didn’t say anything.
he did something similar with a pumpkin in the oven shortly after.
at this point my brother asks to see me, and tells me to stay away from her the rest of the night.
aita for trying to express that it's extremely infuriating when grown adult men urinate on public toilet seats with a picture of someone urinating in the next stall background: i work 2 jobs and my employers do not have private bathrooms, so i rely on public bathrooms during my shifts.
aita for screenshotting my mom's texts and showing my friends?
i truly didn't think it was a big deal to not say it, she knows how much i love her and that i am excited for her turning 21.
but there was this one man with his kid walking along.
that usually means if the person is an organ donor.
televised sporting event completely obscured by on-screen graphics
area man self-conscious about all the wrong things
i had surgery a few months ago on my sinuses to remove polyps so i could breathe but they’re already starting to re-grow.
parents finally tell 2-year-old about 9/11
i read up a lot on anger issues, the causes, and how to recognize triggers in order to de-escalate future outbursts.
he got a new girlfriend a few months ago, and she's over a lot.
i was very open with my friend, his mom insisted on it and i dont want to hurt him.
i've told her this and she tries her best but then sometimes she'll get a notification, look at it, and then get distracted with snapchat and start talking to her friends.
this lasted for around a month before i slowly started re-adding people and reintegrating into my old friend group.
she’s made friends with a girl who lives in this area and she’s asked me if she can stay over her house.
i don't care about her education if she succeeds or fails it wont impact my life.
i went to the back of the bus and into the back room (which was filthy btw) and called 911 to report a suspicious man and young girl.
&#x200b; so, we started shopping for cars, spending the next two or three weeks cashing in stocks, savings, emergency monies and so on and so forth.
my girlfriend is a 10 out of 10, just ask me.
i told them i will definitely own up to the problem if i did it, but that as far as i know i have absolutely done it per instructions and would like to be led through it again.no word on when they plan to show me where i went wrong.
and we're not doing passive aggressive shit like leaving notes (i've seen this happening in other apartments).
honestly, i'm thinking of quitting my job and skipping town, so she can't get me for child support when the kid is born.
i was kind of scared because last year she had talked crap about us to a friend, but that friend later told us what she done.
van's rocking motion discourages would-be knocker
most of the other things have been largely trivial, like overstuffing trash, not replacing toilet paper properly, leaving the toilet lid up (i maintain that when a guest in someone's home, you should make an attempt to leave things how you found them).
director seeking relatively unknown actress for next affair
that same day i talk to my brother in person and, while crying my eyes out, he laughs at me and tell me that i should be happy that he’s happy.
i went on towards my room, and he went to his.
my 3 roommates are 14 14 16 years old.
more elderly americans keeping active by maintaining control of senate
i’m all about my girlfriends body positivity.
nation demands more slow-motion footage of syrup cascading onto pancakes
i’m 26 years old, i should be able to pick my own friends without backlash from my parents.
that meme was really funny, so me and my friends have spent a few months making memes out of this guy.
aitah for asking this from my so?
man approaches box of powdered doughnuts like snake discovering unguarded clutch of bird eggs
panicking mitch mcconnell shoves entire senate healthcare bill into mouth as democrat walks past
several months prior to that his ex gf of 9 yrs lost her house due to not paying mortgage because she had a friend living there who signed for the postal delivered foreclosure papers but never gave them to the exgf.
wedding experts say engagement ring should cost at least three diamond miners' lives
he leaves/makes messes, but unless threatened never cleans up.
throughout all of this, until the end, the team captain (and others) never stopped reassuring me that everyone wanted me on the team and wanted to be my friend.
am i an asshole for waiting to take the dog back because of this?
naturally, i'm concerned that i will come off as an asshole that is inconsiderate to the plight of the homeless.
must be those indian international students..
i'm just pissed at her for letting her health decline like this.
it turned out that they only met to talk.
i immediately gasped and was like oh my god i'm so sorry.
'kanye must be back on his meds,' says nation technically having conversation about mental illness
long story short nicole and i fought a lot during our time together.
the topics include the following: denying or minimizing the abuse blaming and shaming the victim telling survivors to move on and stop focusing on the past shutting down their voices ostracizing survivors refusing to “take sides” pressuring survivors to make nice with their abusers also, i think that you are doing her a disservice by trivializing her trauma and blaming other factors such as her work or her relationship.
ex-starbucks ceo howard schultz announces he considering overpriced, mediocre presidential run
exterminator kind of surprised apartment doesn't have roaches
i told her these things, yelling when i said it.
that was a while back and we haven't spoken in months now.
she later admitted to me that she wasn’t forced and they had intercourse several times before.
horde of orange monsters exits local tanning salon
it may not be 90 seconds from window to window to make 4 happy meals with 2 value meals to go, i get that but i'm a single guy and i'm normally just ordering for myself.
"hey maybe (cat) can live with your parents when we move in together." (they are in the same city as us.) "no.
how much longer can this go on?
i heard mom & ex had a christmas lunch.
so i ask you, reddit- are we the assholes for being mad that she didn't come to the wedding?
we are both religious and drew the line that below the belt was off limits.
so sorry if this is confusing; i have mild dyslexia and my thoughts get all jumbled!
obama narrowly misses quarterly performance bonus
marc summers realizes police will immediately look for body in giant pile of mashed potatoes
the friend and i went back to my room to hang out.
cuticles are a big deal to me.
i'd like to understand am i the asshole for talking to him like how my friends and co-workers, of all ages and backgrounds, talk to me?
gop-controlled wisconsin legislature votes to dissolve state rather than let democrats have it
below i’ll post our text convo and let me know what you think-i don’t know how to properly load it so i just copy-pasted word for word.
we have had so many happy and amazing memories and still do everyday.
update : i apologized to them and we got the project done today !!
i decided to return the favor of sudden change and sent "im suddenly busy" and went with.
i do my best to keep that list short, and normally english is the last thing i want to add to it.
i heard in the coming weeks that she told everyone i had crossed a line, she saw me as a brother, etc.
the only problem is, she talks to this guy literally everyday.
fellow cheerleaders rally cheer of support for recently raped teammate
yea but mostly the period part.
w2: i see how it is sir you just want me to give it to you for free.
she also does not listen to this type of music, so i knew she would not enjoy the concert too much.
poll shows increasing number of voters blame founding fathers for starting america
nta i was traveling for work and was staying in a hotel room for a few nights when i get a message from a guy that wants to meet up.
if i'm home and awake, he'll have on some random thing i couldn't care less about.
rick santorum slightly embarrassed for man introducing him as next president of united states
mad, but still determined to prove my worth, i fixed the car no problem.
aita for yelling at a dental receptionist for canceling my appointment after waiting for so long?
he eventually left after he saw the cops weren't leaving.
6-year-old becomes first child to complete solo ride around block
sometimes i stick my head up my ass, and things like this help me to be a better person.
after she makes her food, she asks if i wanted her to do the dishes as she just used the pans to cook her dinner.
it's all about money to them.
girl from coffee shop seen at bar with guy from record store
world war ii hero cursed out for driving speed limit
man entering fog of insanity asked if this his first time at dave & buster's
i let taylen know not everyone wants a cuddle and look around again for this little girls mum, and say a lot louder, ‘where’s this little girls mum?
cnn holds morning meeting to decide what viewers should panic about for rest of day
when i said so, she said she meant that she didn't know the word that i was asking about.
dalai lama announces next life to be his last before retirement
we are pretty serious but stuff like engagement and things like that are nowhere near our future (need to graduate and get jobs ect).
we were watching eternal sunshine for the spotless mind.
i had a go at him about it, essentially calling him lazy and unsympathetic to the family's feelings and he came to me later and said his depression was getting him down.
environmental ad campaign encourages turning shower off after showering
anne hathaway, james franco spend every moment of oscars tearing into jesse eisenberg
we finished our meals and received the bill.
i’ve never done anything to suggest that i would be interested in him and i think he very clearly knows this.
the same applies to my gf's house with the extra difficulty that she lives and hour and a half away from my home, and we only can have sex during the morning because at the afternoon we both have to go to university.
i realized that kyle and i shared a lot of interests and humor when we would hangout in group settings (my ex included).
now i say that it’s my preference, and whatever i prefer is what i’m going to get.
i feel safe to talk with like 5 people at school and when talking to any person out of this circle i get easily nervous and sometimes act rudely unintentionally.
which also means he has been lying to me constantly (and more concerning, believably) for almost a year too.
the next day they visited, i decided to at least say hi.
i settle into the window seat (which was on my ticket) and wait.
i went on to attempt to explain my growing aversion to online relationships.
now, we were watching the game...most people were just drinking or talking and at this point i’m pretty drunk.
throwaway for obvious reason i (19m) have been with my gf (19f) for a little over 4 months now.
unclear if grandma just friends with 81-year-old widowed man
i invited her to party with me and this week we are also going to get drunk together which is going to be fun!
last week [23f], under the influence of alcohol, tells me that she and [22m] casually had sex a number of times.
cps said that they should all consult with a therapist but because most the parties involved aren’t children anymore then they can’t do anything.
i really love spending time with him and his girlfriend.
study finds average american hopes no one saw that 12 times per day
aita for sharing a pornographic video of a female colleague at work that i randomly found with my coworkers.
one night my sister and i were having a convo about 3rd feminism.
i apologized and told her im not bashing her.
the next day/today, i don’t really talk to petunia and her bf until petunia says “is there beef between us?” in a joking tone.
report: 55% of nation's granite now engraved with names of victims
&#x200b; last i heard she flirted with a guy at work.
he told me about what tn is, how it impacts the body, what his meds do to help, etc.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: he's welcome to &#x200b; &#x200b; her: but it's nothing to do with our guild...
reddit thinks that school is a waste of time, and since this is not a story about an idiot struggling with grades and then making it big, it's not appealing to most of you.
it's doubly painful because he's a *medical doctor* and should be able to understand where i'm coming from and the health risks involved for both of us.
aita for splitting up extended family?
he will be making a profit off of it.
i'm cool with that, plus i grew up in the type of family where you just help each other out.
grace also made one of the smartest people in the class (besides me, no offense to anyone else there) her enemy by bullying her to the point of tears and causing her to have anxiety every day before class.
she said that she had to put the dog down because she wanted to “put on her coat” instead of simply admitting that she made a mistake.
aita because i got into an argument with my internet video game buddy of 6 years, because he didnt feel like voting next week, and i effectively ended our relationship because i no longer felt it was healthy?
he was getting to the state part where the tax software offers one free state tax processing.
my parents are permissive of this for some weird reason but don’t approve at all.
i deleted them after a few people saw them (one of her friends saw and got really angry).
aides wrestle drill from trump's hands as he tries to remove obama listening device from skull
although i will admit she has used this belief on other kids around her, once or twice.
usually i tell them that i am annoyed by their music, and they tell me that they all 3 like this music and i should f*ck off.
obviously we got back together and she played me again...
woman in coffee shop judges a record 147 people
exhausted studio has done all it can in terms of building excitement for 'the lincoln lawyer'
report: mueller investigation nearly done with first day of trump campaign
report: everyone starting new exciting stage of life except you
pope tweets picture of self with god
kidnapped hilton sisters appalled by captor's basement
i went up to the receptionist and asked her how much longer and she said i was next to be called back.
**no, i did not take any drugs.
while she was jerking me (she was lying in bed while i was standing) i moved my dick next to her lips and i slowly pushed it towards her mouth (it’s not like a shoved it in her).
dick vitale undergoes annual bracketological examination
currently, our daughter has progressed reasonably well in nicu, with only a few minor hiccups/obstacles here and there, but is otherwise healthy and on track for a late january discharge, which we are very thankful for.
she goes quiet, not really angry but sort of apprehensive, and starts asking me questions about it.
they had marital problems at the time.) how did i get these comments?
no homophobia was intended obviously but i think his reaction would have been different if i told everyone he was straight.
newlyweds regret saving sex for marriage
frederick's of anchorage debuts crotchless long underwear
i screencapped everything, i wasn't going to let this happen to another dude.
raid introduces new lilliputian repellant spray
&#x200b; we went to the dealership, told them our situation and took it for a test drive.
10th-grade class watches ben-hur for two weeks
i don’t want to be blown up on like that, it makes me feel like a bad person for not knowing how someone felt about something but i only know it’s a problem if you bring it up to me...
my friends made it clear that he was always invited to things we did together.
aita for asking my friends to side with me when another friend blocked me because i didn't approve her drug usage?
so, to the story: i have just dropped my girlfriend with her parents so that we can both have the day with our respective families.
the other day i brought up my sisters family and how they have two nannies (one for childcare and one to cook) even tho my sister doesn’t work as well and my husband blew up at me.
as far as i know, my wife has never found out about this or had any hesitation in trusting me ever.
she came back and gave me the towels and it was not enough - i asked if she had any souvenir shirts that they sell that i can have to wear since drying the shirt wasn’t feasible.
obama: iraq airstrikes not slippery slope to other humanitarian interventions
kushner frantically searching desk drawer for bold solutions to today's most pressing issues
peripheral acquaintance casually mentions she was molested
guatemalan earthquake registers 0.3 on area man's consciousness
i am fully immunized for the other stuff you get as a younger person.
i just want to drink alot of red wine, eat pizza and escape reality.
i just don't get that logic of not being with someone you like more just because he is too far away or you don't want to lose them, and instead choosing someone else.
senator struggling to weigh interests of entire constituency against nothing
youtube reaches 1 trillion racist comments
it had hurt, but what can i do...?
i'm trying to find out what i did wrong.
in other words, i've been in a controlling relationship and i just started having these experiences.
she said she was okay with it and not to worry about it but i think it's unfair to me and extremely hurtful.
aita for ghosting girl i'm seeing after she cancelled plans on my birthday?
so to my suprise i see my brother and some degenerate smoking weed.
aita for refusing to allow my nine year old to change her last name?
(it happened friday night for those wondering).
i had two people ask me to turn it down.
toys 'r' us sign triggers pavlovian shrieking response in child
is it too much to ask that she never goes on her phone when we're in bed?
but once monday hits, i spend most of my time through the week playing.
i just don't feel comfortable with any of this.
we met on tinder and saw each other only for sex for the first 2 months or so.
i stopped trying about a year ago.
breeze plays kick-ass riff on wind chimes
the titles says most of it.
so we began dating and things were perfect he lived his life to the fullest without regret and it was perfect.
my brother just sent me a text asking for the refunded ticket/hotel money (about $250), saying that he will buy me another gift since the concert/trip was canceled.
i was still living off my parents’ money due to studying and not being able to work (i have a mild health condition that significantly limits my activity).
every book on area woman's shelves somehow related to coping
sam texted me -- about three months after the last time we had talked -- to tell me to back off.
pornography-desensitized populace demands new orifice to look at
my friend was taking another person with, and i didn't want to throw a party with the worst case scenario of 3 people.
dozens of panicked mar-a-lago guests crowd front desk to check out after fbi agents spotted at hotel
i've also omitted my personal thoughts at the time, choosing to summarize them at the end.
i just had a girl i’ve been on three dates with (several hours away) say she’s not ready for a relationship and i’ve been crying a lot.
my rational thinking finally kicked in and i realized i better not break anything of value and get the fuck out of there asap.
this is not the right time to meme he’s mad at me and goes on to tell me that he feels that i’ve been abusing my power as an admin with the theme changes and everything.
i plan to buy “the future is male.” shirt for the next non-school uniform.
he says that he will work to how he wants and i need to keep out of it.
i am buying a house, time to move.
he replied that he was almost to my car, and he even thought he might be in front of me.
report: income inequality most apparent during fifth-grade classmate's birthday party
chris farley has hilarious cardiac arrest
so this morning, my girlfriend left for work at 7 a.m., and i don't start work until 10.
they don't know what to do, until one of them reminds the others i'm narcoleptic.
perky optimist brings joy everywhere she leaves
b fires back minutes later, addressing me by my last name.
no worries though 😊😊 them: i was trying to help bc that’s what i did with the girl i liked before this one, and especially because no one else answered your message.
i handed her my gift card which had $25 on it and told her she could use some of it but i’d prefer to have some money on it for next time since our order costs about $10 each.
ball park franks introduces new foot-wide hotdogs
moderator sternly issues final warning for tim kaine to stop playing with microphone
dignified cat dressed in adorable, painful sweater
frustrated nursing student unable to draw blood without draining entire body
red lobster offers new 'top hat full of shrimp' to attract wealthier customers
aita for asking my girlfriend to split the cost of my flight home?
new snack chip evades digestive system, burrows straight into heart
cause there’s no way he could’ve done it himself.
according to one of them, it is incredibly unlikely that (the eldest brother) has resolved his problem without any counseling or treatment.
u.s. hunger for fish byproducts not as strong as first imagined
french teacher forces student to inform her of bathroom fire in french
no one else apart from the three of us saw it.
her bio reads: "ugly stupid kid" and "i'm ugly so no one likes me" and her captions had some of the most bullshit i've ever heard "when i look at you, you barf, but when you look at me, i smile so much" and you could just tell if you read them yourself that she's looking for attention.
facebook identifies dozens of suspicious accounts seemingly enjoying time on website
i’m not sure what he was doing but i did not hear him urinating.
onion social defends decision to remove 'you will live' promise from mission statement
prince harry humiliates royal family yet again as base invaded by afghan insurgents
our landlord requires us to shovel snow and rake the leaves or we get fined.
to put this in context, i'm fairly busy.
she initially feels like this is a mistake but starts having a good time not long after this an interaction with her ex brings those feelings rushing back, and her new bf starts being a bit of a dick in a series of ways.
jonesing nation demands trump tell them where, exactly, drugs are pouring into country
it's a little coincidental too, that when she does come to things it's usually something like christmas or easter, when she's guaranteed to get something.
i'm completely fine with never speaking to him again.
justice roberts stops in middle of oath of office to remind audience this just his job
presumable to cheat during their exams.
i have to admit that i am the black sheep of the family.
&#x200b; basically i met this girl on tinder a while ago, she was visiting her family and she actually lives in another state, so i thought that was the end of it, i still talked to her though.
so i'm just cruising through the aisle at walmart and this nasty looking cigerette smelling redneck couple walk by and i guess i made eye contact with the dudes wife and as i pass the dude turns around and says "hey!
aita for not comforting my sister my sister recently tried out for something and she didn't get into the team, she came into my room and started celebrating until she opened the email and found out she didnt get in.
she’s very sensitive about all matters regarding the fact that she’s not my real mom.
long story short, i live in my mom’s house while studying and it’s not going that well.
am i really an asshole/bitch ?
i spend hours practicing and trying to succeed and it's my way to let off steam.
we are super close and we joke around a lot.
**abf**: what's up (no question mark.
so aita for blocking him and cutting off all communication after he dated behind my back the girl i liked?
also, neither of my friends helped with wedding planning, decorating, etc.
so that’s fine i wrap it up.
red lobster welcomes back 'defrosted shrimp days'
another pufferfish dies bitter and friendless
earlier today she tells me that she is going and that she wants me to come.
military-industrial complex recalls coming together in aftermath of 9/11
they understand my sense of humor, and none of the other girls do.
[edit] alright i probably should explain my college situation.
only doing one dessert instead of two....
i do help with the newborn when i am home and for anything my wife or baby needs till i go to sleep.
he says he just doesn’t hear me because he lost in thought about something else, and i shouldn’t be so sensitive and instead try harder to get his attention.
[21f] and [23f] have also made playful passes at each other and made out.
we were both already significantly speeding when he first approached me, and 85mph is a very generous cruising speed on a 70mph highway on a clear day.
however, the issue came to a head this past year.
sitcom on pbs assumed to be intellectual
but it’s not like my mom and i sat down and really planned this out.
anyways, it's finals week at my school, and i have a pretty big project that's due on friday.
we've been together for 8 months.
after we were about to leave, she walked in with i guess her friend.
man sentenced to 3 months probation for 17th-degree murder
she and our other best friend are upset with me for not saying anything and for not being able to come to dinner and consider it suspicious.
donald trump jr. divorce leaves confused, heartbroken nation wondering why bad things happen to good people
aita for losing my passport and ruining my girlfriend's birthday?
it's starting to get dark, and we have to take the car back to go pick my dad up from the train station as he gets home from work.
one bloke, who will be called mr a for ease, in particular took an interest in my gf and tried hitting on her.
aita for thinking people are less likely to commit suicide if they’ve “attempted”?
the store i’m going to has a 60 day return policy on their items.
she isn’t a very healthy eater.
employees still have no idea what's going on after attending meeting
edit for more info: yes, she did invite me.
it obviously puts me in disadvantage here &#x200b; &#x200b; me: feelings are not valid sources &#x200b; &#x200b; her: who says that, when felt disrespected & left was that an invalid reason?
dog meets owner at door in desperate attempt to get ahead of diarrhea-rug scandal
she said nothing about being sorry, about replacing it or compensating me.
i asked him to continue giving me head in the future, and he seemed annoyed.
i'm sure they all think i'm an asshole.
it was big but they had a lot of "going out of business" signs.
man feeling pressure to give mom grandchildren while she still around to raise them
man searching for part of chicken tender thin enough to fit into plastic dipping sauce cup
he's already looked up admission requirements and he's at about the 25th percentile of their admissions.
i see no issue with this but my girlfriend was furious.
turns out her bike was in the garage but her boyfriends was still on the driveway.
aids baby lays tiny hand in palm of 'onion' reporter
tuesday sends me a message in the morning saying working from home again and hear nothing else all day.
we were at a four way stop and if i'm being totally honest, i think she went when it wasn't her turn but it was really close and her car and the other guys hit each other at an angle so it was really hard to tell who was at fault.
some of my things went missing mysteriously.
he is now moved out of his house with a relative.
study: 90% of plane landings just barely pulled off
i stayed with him that night listening to him and telling him about my own struggles.
after a lot of complaints my parents are starting to see my perspective, but now i’m stuck with a hard choice.
i was so curious i had to see for myself and wow she has an even better body than i thought.
why would i need your permission to borrow a chair?” she said that i should have told them where i had gotten the chair.
normally i work from home so i can help her, but in this situation she has no help and she feels overwhelmed.
toddler unsettled by whatever possessed her to bite friend's face
unnamed new gas station struggling to find 'stop 'n go' variant
my yard has a bridge to get over there, but we never go.
now something has cropped up which is bothering me- namely that on a few occasions i've had members of the group openly assume that i'm going to be a translator.
gap debuts new line of children's sweaters to clutch to chest when son goes missing
fall internship pays off with coveted winter internship
mostly everyone in my family has a strong personality so i get why my fiancé feels somewhat smothered.
about two and a half years ago, before we were married, we were having issues and i considered breaking up with her.
we are not “enemies” or anything now, we just distanced ourselves.
so when we have sex it usually ends when he finishes.
the answer of she maybe being with me was also quite frustrating.
gym adds big heavy pull thing in corner
i was told they could only give me one or the other since they are equal value.
however, i don’t have my license, because i am terrified of driving (working on my anxiety issues, i’ve got medication) and because i haven’t really needed it to be honest.
trump boys ransack mueller's office to steal answer key to questions for their dad
so i sent the money my parents told me to give her through the bank account listed in the invitation (common wedding practice), i searched for pictures of the wedding hall, and also looked at their wedding photos afterwards.
excuses were pretty much always work related, and i definitely understand having to pick up a last minute shift, or having a really trying day and being too tired to go out.
i also find out that she is still in a group chat with the guy and another female coworker after i told her she couldn't talk to him again.
she didn’t want to hear my side and it ended in an argument about how i “make it about me.” i can understand how i could have put my feelings aside, but in the moment after hearing a “no” again, i was a bit distraught.
nobody even told me - i found out by seeing their name and role on the list.
the men’s bathroom experienced some issues today and there was a sign on it telling men to please use the upstairs bathroom while the downstairs one is being fixed.
ups reports troubling drop in residents answering doors in lingerie
fifth-grader writes 'mrs. alan greenspan' all over her notebook
aita for being angry at wife because she tries to "manage" my salary me and my wife(no kids) don't have a common budget.
also when you compare bravery its much more daring to go out into the world and capture it than to sit in a room playing with clay and cameras for a week.
the ex responded by sending me a nude picture.
i don't want to be because it could destroy my social standing and make my parents upset and angry.
he then facetimes me for 44 minutes and about how it’s in the past, and how i’ve done things that hurt him in the recent past (we were all talking about our 8th grade class trip to washington dc, and how we look back and cringe, i brought up how as soon as we walked into our hotel room d stripped down to his underwear in front of me and j, making me quite uncomfortable.
alright this is my first post on reddit, but i would really like to know if i am in the wrong in this situation.
nothing happened but i did get me aroused and we didn't really talk yesterday about it either.
i avoided shannon after this incident, and a week later she approaches me.
she says she's okay with it and i should do what i want, but i can't help but feel guilty about it, and want to change the design.
it is freakishly similar to a real woman.
'the president can suck my big fat dick,' says rex tillerson in veiled attack on trump
he only started addressing me directly when i came around to collect his rent check for the first time.
i’ve thought over how steven acts, and from previous friends and their knowledge, steven is 100% somewhere on the spectrum for autism.
so, i said, “oh yeah i like you too!” for roughly 2 months, i pretended to feel the same way for him.
kerry vows to raise wife's taxes
but my read receipts are on and even when i ignore her sometimes she double texts me.
imagine trying to get with a girl while daddy is always watching.
at the end of it, he developed some romantic feelings for a female friend he had had for years before.
trump casually mills about supreme court changing rooms ahead of state of the union address
at that point i just had to admit and explain to the customer that i have no recollection of her asking me about this table and give him the actual price it was going for.
man escapes eritrean civil war to clean martini puke from back of taxi
whether or not i’m the asshole here may seem really apparent to you, but for me i don’t know what to think.
elderly woman casually mentions wish to die
i'll go limp and fall onto him, or like just go limp and roll around idk.
he eventually confessed to me that he'd "seen my messages" to a friend that i had told i was going on a date with.
he hates killing insects and my brother told me to let them outside.
so i throw a few of these parties over the last few years and every single time i see him he gets so drunk he can’t see straight then he asks me for his keys so he can drive home and “feed his dog” at 1 am.
i thought there might have been real chemistry there as we hung out a few times and got lunch together.
another worker came around and told me, "well, you really could have step aside more.".
she loves her son, she’s lonely, she’s touchy-feely...
in any case she earns a lot so i doubt she would push for getting a piece of my assets.
bo, sunny obama announce selection of artist for their official portraits
she was also mad that i didn’t spend time with them at all over these 7 days, but i mentioned that i’m an introvert and stressed at work, and wanted to spend christmas with my girlfriend only.
117-aerocar pileup clogs troposphere for hours
aita - returning overpriced phone charger i was on vacation with my family and i realized i forgot to pack my wife's phone charger.
there is nothing mentally wrong with my father, i should note.
owner admits fantasy team in rebuilding year
he hurt me and i wanted to make sure he was getting better and any small lie or problem would become a red flag in my eyes.
saudis tout hundreds of yemeni lives saved by spending so much time focused on killing khashoggi
deepfake video of mark zuckerberg barely good enough to masturbate to
she put him in the friendzone and leads him on by going on dates.
backstory: my ex is a real treat.
&#x200b; all in all when the film finished she asked if i liked i to wish i said it was ok &#x200b; flash forward to 2019 the new dbz broly film is going out and i don't have many friends who like that sort of stuff so i ask my gf if she will go with me as i don't want to go alone cos it fucks with my anxiety to do things like that alone.
he's happy being inside and out and sleeps nearly all day, so i suggested we buy him a cozy dog house to put on our back porch, which is screened in and has a roof to protect him from all the elements.
but i gave you my gift card!
aita for not caring to hang out after she cancelled?
i was lucky i wasnt hit on my drivers side as this car was going fast.
head of irs has personal filing system to keep track of nation's tax returns
i tried to google the company (authority?) that gave my the ticket and nothing came up.
in the stores here they put an exchange ticket on everything before christmas so people can return and exchange their presents if they wish to do so.
it progressed very quickly within months of our first meeting.
it was early morning and he had the clothes and equipment for a working day.
i think it's also possible that fishfan420 only acted differently with ttt because this is his second time around the block and he's had some time to think about how to handle this kind of situation.
i think she should have thought of that before she got herself involved with perverts online.
my family loves pablo like a son and i love him like a brother.
- we attempted to move out last year.
13 year old boy diagnosed with incurable puberty
stray dad found in lumber section of the home depot
my daughter’s father is a druggie and he really can’t be trusted to watch her and i don’t think he much cares about seeing her anyway.
tldr at the bottom but i had this friend for a little over a year.
nation's grandmas halt production of afghan blankets
that stems from the fact that just two days ago he was talking about the latest games and some stuff we were going to do in them.
status of gathering upgraded to 'party' by presence of pizza
commonly attracted to the "bad boys".
ken burns not sure how to turn down ray romano's repeated offers to narrate next documentary
so i know we are like nearly a month post-christmas but i have literally been stewing on this since then and i am no closer to figuring out if i am an asshole or not?!
a few years ago our school district had a re-zoning where the district was shifted and expanded a bit.
i immediately called him out on it, and i believe i said something to the effect of "you're either a moron or you're scum." i went on to call him a bad player when his reads were proven wrong on a flip (affiliation reveal when a player dies).
&#x200b; is it right for them to get mad at me and that i feel guilty for feeling for how i felt and that because of said feelings, my relationship with his friends are practically non-existent now?
they have shown this in their actions towards them but my mom always tells me to not let the way they have acted in the past before i was born make an opinion of them.
then, my grandma comes in and calls me selfish and stingy and that i should listen to whatever my brother says.
it felt like an ‘outside factor’, something that had next to nothing to do with our feelings for each other.
shit-caked, urine-soaked man determined to enjoy carnival cruise
he later saw the post, for it had made it to the front page of that subreddit, and called me out for plagiarizing.
man's dream to get drunk in an a-frame finally realized
aita for not wanting to go to my sisters parties anymore because her husbands people?
the other stayed to hear what i had to say but was clearly triggered (she has mania) and became hysterical.
we got married fairly young and didn’t have a lot of nice, grown-up things.
she's a close friend of mine and i should've remembered but i think that they blew it out of proportion.
grown man purchases 37th sailor moon figurine
quaker releases new plain flavor-blasted rice cakes
i'm a little pissed at that but fine, i put my ex fil name on that gift.
stoners announce plans to get stoned for that
the thing is, she’s a bit hairy.
that put me over the edge and i turned on the lights and demanded that he go home if he wanted to sleep because i was going to continue demanding affection.
some back story to this is we have a 4 week old baby, and this week is my first week back at work since she was born.
his mom still friendly w her & i think gives her handouts.
senate bill to end u.s. role in yemen war rejected by house raytheon executives
history teacher has unusual favorite president
obama reminds nation that he's taking personal day next friday
he injured himself breaking several bones while trying to flee.
we never fought before, he is the nicest guy, we're so similar and we are so good at communicating.
man misses simple pleasure of going to movie store, browsing for something, being told it's out, driving home
this is why i’m asking for strangers advice as to whether i’m a complete asshole about this sitch.
my mom and i are hatching a plan to make it look like santa made a mistake and accidentally came to grandmas house.
u.s. public health service estimates they'll have tuskegee experiment wrapped up by 2020
aita for not liking how my girlfriend helps with the washing up?
study: 90% of workplace injuries caused by bare-knuckle boxing
i mean it’s an all you can eat buffet.
woman worried student loans could prevent her from one day owning entirely different kind of crippling debt
north korea releases new paintings of healthy kim jong il
it's either all in or all out and i'm all out.
if people regularly stated that it's not okay, then the overweight people will start to get fit and healthy.
i calmly told her to get out of my apartment, slammed the door shut, and promptly blocked her on everything.
olympic speed skater thinking about maybe taking out the garbage
't. rex may be smaller than previously thought,' report 50-foot-tall researchers
so i decided to rehome spacey.
so perhaps it's because of this that i find myself attracted to and respecting those who travel at around my pace -- those who find the freeway to be a puzzle of sorts, or an obstacle course.
i didnt know, i thought she wanted to be a vet.
so months after our break up and falling out i sit here and still wonder if i was the asshole for all the mean things i said or if she was the asshole for dragging me along for a month and blowing up over every slightly aggressive thing i said to her.
parents considering second child so daughter can have someone to grow apart from
burned-out coffee-shop employee just lets paul simon play for fifth time
she makes a decent amount of money now and i don’t see why she shouldn’t try to get more if not at least the same amount.
it makes a lot of things in my life very, very hard.
w1: alright sir that is €125,- dad: excuse me, the lamp was €70 and there is no way that mounting it costs €55 w1: sir it's €75 an hour on these bikes dad(who is pissed that he almost payed 2x the price): hey w2, is this real?
i have no idea why but ruslana stopped texting me too and pulled the same shit ivanna did.
thank you guys for making our night!
5-year-old feels like she just wasted whole carousel ride waving to dad
so he comes over and i end up losing both rounds badly, as in completely lop-sided to the point i might as well not have even been playing.
that weekend we had our school formal and my friend and his girlfriend went together.
&#x200b; i've thought about replying to texts or calls wondering about how the three-year-old is with questions about whether or not they were done worrying about the dead horse - obviously they need to deal with that first.
she said she’d walkie talkie other staff...
some time passes by and as i help her through some hard moments, i started getting feelings for her.
both of my parents are reasonable people and very nice however my mom is not good at seeing other points of view and she overreacts some of time.
everyone doing it, schoolyard sources allege
perfect gift for boring asshole found at crate & barrel
my wife and i were on the couch watching funny things on yt.
elderly dog can already tell owner doesn't think she's worth $3,000 gallstone surgery
i realize that in hindsight i could have corralled my drunk friends earlier and we could have gotten there in time.
trump boys attempting to tunnel from south lawn to fbi headquarters to free paul manafort from custody
panicked agriculture secretary momentarily forgets what corn is
just said that i betrayed him and he no longer wanted to be friends.
sex was good, we had nice conversations and a lot of laughs.
new congressional intern disillusioned with politics and democracy in record 6 minutes, 41 seconds
this happened almost a year ago, and is very lighthearted, and neither of us were mad for more than the night, but i think we both consider the other as the asshole in this story, so i will try to tell it with as little bias as possible.
i tried to explain that some of my other friends i don't talk to for months on end or half a year and catch up whenever we feel like it and it's all good.
i moved in about 5 months ago.
guy on roof starting to think he might get away with it
'art imitates life imitates art,' remarks man trapped in art museum
aita for wanting my girlfriend to walk around the back of the car when i drop her off places?
but when it came down to it, they already backed out.
i find it very cute and i like the intimacy.
hope that clears some questions up.
as we were walking in the usher asked us to take up the gifts (this means to bring up bread and wine to the alter halfway through mass, only takes about 5 min sometimes not even that) i respectfully thanked him but declined and brought up my injury.
aita for quitting my job without 2 week notice?
i started last monday, was super stressed and exhausted because i just think it is not my thing to teach elementary, and on tuesday i thought i'd give it one more try to see if it was just my first day.
i felt bad i know it’s not logical since i didn’t do anything to provoke the dog.
&#x200b; korean weddings are really big and really short, lasting for about thirty minutes and ending well within an hour.
also, i know that i am probably biased towards my own point of view, but am having a hard time getting over that for this specific case.
aita for thinking that cheating on my exam is my business?
girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
trump comforts grieving war widow by assuring her he will never die
i've sent him multiple texts trying to get him to come home and he's just ignoring them now.
i wouldn’t say i have a foot fetish but i do like to touch girl’s feet if i’m having sex sometimes.
the problem is that she still has feelings for him, and doesn't want him to get hurt, the only reason i haven't done the brotherly thing and smashed his skull in with some friends.
i woke up late that day and had to rush to class once i got up.
report: 89% of suzy qs never make it out of gas station parking lots
that means gifts, or at least for us it is that way.
he came over, his boss came over, he filled out the paperwork (with the assistance of the office staff), and then he stormed off.
&#x200b; **tl;dri met my wife at 16.
wikipedia users surprised nobody's made page for john lennon yet
plus i was hiding that i knew anything because i don't want people to hate me for narc-ing.
there were times that he seemed to be either drilling her gender into his head or showing me he could get it right by unnecessarily mentioning her gender to her.
i told her over and over he is going to be fine.
i usually like to not have poop bags in my kitchen garbage so i walk towards the communal trash bins to dispose of it there.
it isn't malicious, i'm not trying to make you mad, or be mean.
study finds fewer millennials want to live
so we got in a huge argument and since last christmas i haven’t spoken to my her mom.
lone geek sits off by self reading the silmarillion throughout recess
i said, well i need to find someone because i don’t wanna have to pay rent when i’m not living here.
about mid-september, things started to go wrong.
i'm sick of you three being blatantly racist and thinking its funny!
he was visibly upset, and he asked me if i could wait until he was out of the apartment to start dating.
couple duetting 'suddenly seymour' at karaoke bar probably gonna fuck like animals after this
talk-show host takes brief break from mocking jessica simpson to interview her
he asked again not to do that, and seemed disappointed.
2.don’t have respect for her things even though i ask her about the dishes and ask if i can throw stuff and don’t touch what she tells me not to touch.
so i didn't mention it in the post.
i send a regular streak, then i send a note saying, not to forget.
for him to give other people a chance at the job i know isn't inherently wrong, but i feel i've been sabotaged, and by my best friend too.
he is always leashed on a 6ft non-retractable leash and is pretty good about not pulling.
i might not understand firsthand the life experiences of furries, trans, gay etc but as humans everyone deserves the same opportunities for happiness." she immediately was offended, and started ranting about how my comment was 'pigeon holing her into a feeling of other-ness because i marginalized her struggles'.
tldr: aita for having a few mates over instead of going to the staff christmas party that is ages from my house?
new study finds average american stands no chance against what's coming
it was just eating and shittin like no one's fucking business, so naturally my primal urges of retardation kick in and i decide to chase after it.
watching tv shows on dvd the way to do it, area man reports
he claims he is happy with the way things are, but we still have to penny pinch in between his paychecks.
i just feel really shitty for abandoning her like i did.
he knows about how vincent has hurt me, and wants me to avoid him as a whole.
&#x200b; however, people i've spoken to say i shouldn't be upset with her, she doesn't know any better, she can't be excluded like that, etc...
lunar olympic officials continue search for missing pole vaulter
aita for asking my fiancé to not get a visible, cringey quote tattoo?
fatal school bus crash cements bff status
she always teased me about being white.
some with out of state plates (i live in a suburb of a city which is just over the state line.) &#x200b; am i the asshole for getting annoyed with parents who truck carloads full of kids to a neighborhood they don't live in?
hemmed-in seattle mayor calls for emergency deforestation
obviously i was shocked and wondered if i'm just that naive and she was just being nice this whole time or if she is lying to me and something happened, but i said fine i'll go anyway to see her because yes she helped me when i felt down and had mental issues so, can't just ditch her because of that.
she's my best friend and i could never do that.
i very much tried to push away this need of mine, but in the end it just was there and it felt so unauthentic when i tried to hide it from him or myself.
report: all the other races coming to take your stuff
if i do something we're both interested in, she seems upset that i didn't include her (she never asks me to hang out anymore) and tries to tag along when i want to go out alone for lunch, and i find an excuse where she can't come with me.
aita for cutting my sister off after a prank?
wibta if i didn’t go to my sister in law’s wedding?
the lady got back in her car and took off.
aita for going to a party when my friends didn’t want my girlfriend to come?
the baby also screams while playing and causes headaches for many.
it just seems ridiculous that i have spent so much money so that i wouldn't have to go outside when it is cold/wet/raining/snowing and now i can't because they leave their dog tied up so much.
in between those fun times, we had ordered takeaway, but didn't exactly wait for it before continuing to the next round.
world's most advanced yo-yo doesn't need you
i ended up not telling the kids what their dad said, just that he wasn't going to be in the country for the holidays because he's off gallivanting with his new sidepiece.
as per tradition, election results officially certified with two barks of approval from electoral collie
i raised this issue at our last meeting and everyone seems to think i was being a dick to john.
man just going to assume this counts as 'minced'
as i tried to illustrate my point about google docs being usable on any computer she shut me out by plugging in her headphones.
georgia election worker assures black man ballot scanner supposed to sound like shredder
i knew where she lived, that she had a small cute dog, i held doors to her, said hello, helped to carry anything heavy - that sort of neighbory stuff, but we didn't even know each other's names.
fearing her reaction, i cautiously sent ex a message that i could not attend her wedding and that i hoped that their would not be any hard feelings.
after a big long rant, i kind of apologized.
i moved in with my girlfriend and she expects that now i show her even more attention through the weekday.
onion social embraces diversity by adding prophet mohammed emoji
bold new pope shows crowd in saint peter's square how to apply condom
std had awesome time on spring break
scientific journal releases list of year's top 100 compounds
a few weeks into our break and we hadn’t spoken since this conversation - on the phone or in person.
terrifying mutation killing off u.s. cabinet members one at a time
we just want rent." my wife and i both smoke a lot of marijuana, myself for my panic attacks and my wife for her chronic pain.
i told him i would go if he gave me half of what he won, and he agreed.
my housemates and i are part of the same social club in college and my so hangs out there a lot because they like my housemates company.
ceo sad nobody noticed new tie
part of it is definitely selfish, since i have a lot of nice-smelling makeup and delicate skincare in our master bedroom and tbh i get a bit paranoid that his foul smelling movements are creating lingering smells/poop particles.
tl;dr rich af uncle, i am borderline salty i wasn't left anything (as far as i know).
insufferable 8-year-old won't stop chanting 'romney'
conair releases new double-sided curling iron for flawless burns
we've been dating for 8 month.
a few weeks went by, i'm mowing my lawn.
'loud, desperate need for approval' leads tony nominations
i smiled at both the girls when i came in to greet them.
chinese newlyweds wondering what they're going to do with all this medicinal bear bile
married couple only staying together for sake of u.s. divorce rate
my grades dropped severely at the beginning of this quarter and the ending of last.
so i'm considering asking him to buy them for me.
yes no **customer** no **walmart bot** would you like to be transferred to a customer care agent?
i do the dishes, and when my girlfriend comes, she tries to help.
5-year-old explorer makes contact with life-forms in adjacent booth
can you just charge me for the meal and not give me the chips?
discouraged bush begins seeking approval of other nations
report: only one in every 150,000 dead children becomes angel
loser friend sort of doing better
aita for wanting a seizure dog and the ability to drive?
after a few days of looking at her behaviors, i decide to confront a about it, i get mad and say that our friendship is over bc i feel like she manipulated me.
his son has a bit of a habit of lying and making things up anyway.
i don't think i'm an asshole, but two of my most trusted people on the planet just told me i am.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: lol &#x200b; &#x200b; me: how is it hypocritical?
i say that and that i hate d very much.
report: average person spends 18 hours standing at bar deciding what to drink
142 plane crash victims were statistically more likely to have died in a car crash
generally i am a quite person, however there have been instances in the past when people keep prodding me i just explode.
then attempting to aggressively persuade me until i said "fuck it, fine." i was then sent a text saying "i'm fine if you say no for a reason, but you cant just say no with nothing.
we talked via email over the next few days and decided to set up an informal interview at my apartment.
can’t imagine their insurance going up because of my accident.
but i could never get over that hurdle of not feeling a strong connection to him.
i play on my phone or fall asleep during reading times, and have no respect for the sparing assignments she does give the class.
no requests on when repayment should occur are made at this point it's pretty much just "pay me back when you can, sooner is better than later".
detective behind two-way mirror nervously crosses arms as criminal addresses him directly
tv in l.a. bar switched over to 'american dad' rerun without complaint
i have no history of lying to him, nor deception in any past relationships, and i have been very careful to ensure if he pays for something, and i need to reimburse my half, that i always pay him promptly.
rudy giuliani backtracks on previous statements referring to 9/11 as tragedy
there is an intercom out front that will call our cell phones.
am i the only person that thinks it's rude and disrespectful to interrupts someone who is speaking?
i said no, and she had a pretty disgusted look on her face.
edit 2: she also doesn't take hints, so if i tell her that i know what i need to do and i don't need any help she still stays and bothers me.
i ask him if it's in the main fridge.
cow ted cruz milking in wisconsin photo op only giving curdled, foul liquid
experts recommend breaking down crushing defeats into smaller, more manageable failures
now this was a monumental fuck up, but for a split second i felt like the awkward protagonist of an early 2000s coming of age film.
i tried calling her earlier and she hasn't responded.
i only acted out of compassion and was just a bit overwhelmed by what that store manager was telling me.
proud species commits suicide rather than be driven to extinction by humans
man deftly downplays his neighborhood to coworker thinking of moving there
senators lured back to emergency session by promise of free pizza
she barely ever says anything that interests me.
eighty percent of al-qaeda no. 2s now dead
woman in kickboxing class can tell she's going to whine about how sore she is in the morning
gop leaders celebrate decisive win over americans
i may have gone into a little too much detail, but i'd rather give more than less so everything is clear.
report: all things aside, american flag still looks pretty good majestically billowing in wind
i have since become very passionate about it, and would like to continue as long as i'm able.
ted cruz opens up to town hall audience about early days as larva feeding on porcupine carcass
she convinced me that i was only having a phase (as you do).
giant altoid headed toward earth'curiously strong' celestial body will extinguish all life
so, i'm moving across the country in september and, because i'm really excited about going there/hate where i live now, i've decided to go to that location this summer for a month, as a vacation.
so, tell me reddit: aita for dumping mike for nick?
she said sure talk while she was combing, drying her hair putting up lotion on her face.
goddamn righteous anger is pouring in a waterfall from my mouth as i watch my gentle, kind, wonderful boyfriend, who would let himself get run over by a car if it meant not hurting someone's feelings, wilt.
i feel like i should say something as these are things i find abhorrent.
area man's biggest accomplishment not ever killing anyone with his car
binge-drinking, promiscuous sex good for you, says 'new orleans journal of medicine'
going to try to phrase this the best and non-biased way i can.
am i going to be able to live with myself if i don't pull right the fuck over right the fuck now?
that only made me angry and i was able to push the door open in a fit of rage, falling down in the process.
she got very demanding to make sure i called an uber and it was on the way.
he comes back and “accidentally” orders me another drink.
ruslana then goes on about how ivanna is super conservative and far right politically and thats another reason why she doesn't want to be friends with her.
george zimmerman not going to let one bad experience deter him from neighborhood watch responsibilities
i thought he got it and understood what a struggle it is to deal with depression, but instead he just views it as an excuse.
i have friends that agree and disagree with me on politics and it really doesn't matter to me.
ornithologist forced to participate in history channel's 'what if humans suddenly became birds?' program
'we must protect the pure aryan bloodline,' says child after 9 minutes of unsupervised facebook access
nsa: 'can somebody good at computers help us?'
essentially i was hanging out with my black friend and this white chick who we will call bravo, so we were just chatting and he was talking about this girl he pulled, i said that's my nigga and bravo immediatley went ballistic on my ass, saying how i can't say that and i deeply offended black friend.
embarrassed snake can't believe documentary crew caught it whiffing while lunging at toad
hopefully i've made it clear how much i acknowledge all that he is doing and that he needs all the support he can get.
art world relieved as thieves steal pretty terrible late period renoir work
video-game character feeling healthier after eating turkey leg off ground
not only has every teacher come in teaching us something different, but they also all teach in a completely different way.
so i sent a little message, saying it will die if they don't send a picture.
i have been dating my boyfriend for about 2 years now, he is my first boyfriend for all intents and purposes and so far everything has been going great.
one of which is freedom to do what you want without hurting other people.
i can tell she is fuming because she is just staring at them.
**2 weeks later** - go out on the town with bill, he drops me off and i get a text from pablo (in the xbox app) "that sneak dis tho", text back "what?
employees given list of doctors shitty enough to accept company's health insurance plan
she’s got an amazing job and makes oodles of cash.
i was still angry at her, and so i told her it’s her fault for sending it to someone in the first place and that i knew who it was, that he was a mutual friend, but i won’t say who showed me because he is my friend.
encouraging report from radical extremist think tank finds america no safer since 9/11
some guy at bar lived in san francisco for a summer and liked it a lot
stan lee is a media legend, sure, but she didn't even know him.
and also had told me that beginning of our relationship last year she’d be able to spend the night with me more as our relationship progressed.
i was only 16 working most nights all on my own with set responsibilities.
area dad looking to get average phone call with adult son down to 47.5 seconds
i told her i needed to think about it some more.
aita for accidentally finding my boyfriends throwaway account but not telling him?
aita for not being comfortable with pornography?
department of transportation introduces padded bumper lane for intoxicated drivers
i even warned all of them about the bad symptoms when i take too much.
we love our son fully, we did everything we could to provide a warm, loving home for him.
middle manager announces plans to skedaddle
i had never seen it before, but she was very friendly, so i picked him up and took him inside and gave her a little bit of turkey.
she then spends like another grand with my sister at toysrus (rip) apparently she had a patient come in with a sob story, and instead of referring them to organizations like she should have she decides to help them herself.
election-crazed 'new york times' expands poll coverage to 18.5 million more races in 371 additional states
each passenger has own theory about how guy got into first class
so i open the girl's room door and right at the sink is one of the girls in my class that i'm friendly with.
his girlfriend is slightly more attractive than mine, and has a better education.
it being there isn't going to make you less clean somehow.
study finds growing number of americans would be comfortable with female pep boy
he's objectively not a good father but he has money so now he's trying to buy their love.
idiot on counter still repeating the same thing over and over.
aita for not finding my (23m) gf (23f) attractive?
mccain clinches religious vote with stirring high-register rendition of 'ave maria'
(btw, she counters that drawing does not affect her ability to listen and pay attention to the story, and that watching tv and knitting helps her to feel like she's not wasting time and that she can still fully focus on her show even though she's looking at her hands 50% of the time.
it's honestly annoying seeing two or three of the same posts in my home page.
at around 10:45 am (within non quiet hours) on the following saturday morning, i decide to produce, unaware that he's still sleeping.
teenage rebels seize control of food court's corner table
three years ago, our dog (then a puppy) was hit by a car and broke both hind legs and punctured a lung.
i have tried to talk to him about how this makes me feel.
ceo would trade 5 percent of stock options for 10 percent more time with his kids
disciplinarian parent annoying restaurant much more than unruly toddler ever could
aita for going radio silence on a girl after she bailed on our date?
on the other hand, my father has been a self-employed person for the past 15 years or so.
my husband doesn’t think it’s a big deal as long as the parents are both there but i don’t think so.
nation letting itself have few moments of celebration before returning to horrifying reality of violent extremism
an hour later she responded to it by refuting my points so i did the same to hers.
if he has to find work in america to survive or support his family, i have nothing but respect for that.
i was still feeling kinda miffed about the whole thing and nobody else has messaged me to tell me what they like or dislike, so i decided to message him about it again.
the story, according to him, is that he broke into his ex-wife's apartment while she was nodding off on heroin, took his kid, and went on the run.
north carolina voter in heavily gerrymandered district somehow voting for montana senate, mayor of phoenix
i also use the web to find information and use a third party for this.
that's the second team i've gotten cut from now.
jennifer lawrence stuns in oscar de la hoya gown
god excited about first trip to japan
man experiencing first real moment of peace in years resuscitated
which was true, but my dog doesn't crap on their lawn, just to play with their dog (which they said was ok).
secretary of agriculture gently reminded about dress code
even though she tried really hard.
aita for sharing a bed with, and getting to second base with a girl i'm not planning on dating?
she didnt really mean it irl but i jokingly said "you need to see a therapist." i mean thats pretty weird right?
conjoined twins separated at birth reunited in freak accident
especially in recent years since i went to therapy.
i was so sick of him and his weird behavior at this point so i just fired off a text “hey, i think we should break up”.
of course this was unreasonable, we have the same exam on the same day and he was putting an unfair amount of work on me so i declined.
transition team assures public trump has too many conflicts of interest to favor any specific one
i had 3 other opportunities to sit with them, and i failed each one.
&#x200b; so tell me jury of my peers, am i the asshole in this situation?
my (f29) girlfriend (f35) and i have been together 6 months and just moved in together.
naturally, like for the hugs, i asked her wether i could, wether it was useful etc...
aita for wanting to leave my wife after agreeing to make it work?
i do not party or socialize for a living.
however, he should be taught that letting people think you belong to something when you don't is a type of lying.
firstly, i don’t like my wording in the title.
the person that i had never hung out with smoked poppers (weed and tobacco in a water pipe), and asked me if she could take one inside because it was the middle of winter, i reluctantly said she could take one, and that she had to put her mouth right up to the screen of the window and blow it outside, i also explained that my mom was coming home in 3 hours and i couldnt have the house smell.
i said something like "no offense but are you seriously comparing losing a pet to losing a child?" and she seemed speechless, presumably guilty.
area woman marries into health insurance
we talked crap about her aswell and started to ignore her because we didn't want it deal with her.
new alternative-fuel suv will deplete world's hydrogen by 2070
ulta releases line of shitty hair ties to give cheap-ass friend who's always borrowing them
steve bannon mixes discarded climate change report with saliva to build final wall of nest
the other 11/18 of the time, 7/9 toilet visits would require him to lift the toilet seat up.
but after she rocked up and convinced everyone to go out we ended up going to this club.
this is really weighing on my mind.
new demography today magazine targets demographer demographic
he made an agreement with me and is not holding up his end of it.
drug paraphernalia visible in photo of missing cat
he loves animals like i do, and we have had so much fun together.
new body negativity campaign promotes idea that ugliness comes in all shapes and sizes
man not belonging to movie's target demographic escorted from theater by hollywood officials
she decided on going to a coffee shop and relax with a book.
the insurance wasn't free, and obviously i wouldn't be able to use the policy again for anything which is actually my own fault.
i go through phases where i feel like isolating myself completely and just staying home.
she told me she was a bit exhausted because of our differences of opinion.
i think it was meant to be a nice gesture, but i was already sauced.
aita for refusing to name room after foreign name that sounds like an offensive phrase?
i am having sex with a woman i have been seeing for maybe four months, and while i am fucking her doggystyle my condom tears and falls off as i'm thrusting.
lab mouse nervous for first day of new job getting cancer
im now blocked for the day as a type of punishment by most of my friends.
mom sits down for dinner 3 months after rest of family finishes meal
calm down, this is none of your business." me: ,,should i come with you?
well, turns out she was in a relationship for a little bit, and thought i would just tell her to frig off right away if she didn't hide it from me.
new history textbook makes hatred of history come alive for students
other relevant background info is relating to my work situation.
my ex and i were in a bad relationship.
my dad was really sad, understandably, but for some unexplainable reason, i got the giggles and started laughing my ass off at this.
in reality, i went back to johns place and grabbed anthonys board, stashed it, and then picked it up once john and i parted ways.
i told him i'll wait for 15mins and if he doesn't show i'm leaving.
fast forward 4 and a half months later , one of my friends (michael) gets a girlfriend (sally).
area man accidentally signs up for aol latino
then he got an attitude and i told him why i was width holding the money and i told him he’d see it when i was good and ready or when the bill is due.
trump bestows medal of honor on john mccain's tumor
now we want to change that.
that made be frustrated because they don't even care about whether he smokes or not.
i knock stuff over all the time - it doesn't stick out in my memory.
i wanted to be with my best friend but this time she said she already chose a pair so (because all of my other friends weren't at school that day) i accepted my quite "interesting" friend's request which i'll call m from now on.
i get a day in insolation (in a room for the whole day in silence doing work) and the news spreads and people gossip about it for the next few months.
aita for being mad at this?
then, after that she told me that she asked if he was going to a certain convention (which is in the state her friend lives) that she had always wanted to go but hasn't had the chance to.
so i immediately pulled closer to the car ahead of me, but because of the corner there was a gap on the right side (because the turn is to the left).
land before time vi released straight to landfill
not once did he come out of his room to ask us to please quiet down because he was going to sleep, instead he instantly resorted to aggression and violence to deliver his message.
rose was talking to her mother about a sensitive topic and her mother was not showing a lot of support.
supreme ruler of laundry room moves load of clothes from washer to top of washer
what if i just didn’t interact with her at all and wait for her to take initiative and do something.
i didn’t deny anything and told him i think we should break up.
most irritating of all, she constantly complained about not having a boyfriend, and though i told her that she shouldn’t have that be her main focus and that she should put her effort into school, she dismissed what i said and just kept complaining more about how her most of her friends were in relationships.
bf thinks i should've waited to call her back and shouldn't be upset that he turned his music on while i was talking.
and know i am considering giving him money behind her back, in order to get more “alone” time with him.
since we all have to give a presentation on our results at the end and are graded by our peers, i plan to give them a shitty grade for data collection and ask questions to "expose" z in front if the whole class.
am i the asshole for supporting her freedom?
and i just want him to apologize for the sake of my grandpa.i know i'm a huge asshole often too.
i didn’t say anything about it because they did good work and we got good grades, plus i still did anything they asked me to (which was rare).
he once again cuts through the barrier to come to a dead stop in front of me.
i just couldn't access the team chats any more and wasn't on the list.
then, fast forward, it was dark and i thought i saw myself jump in front of the car or something.
this is why i don’t like hanging out with girls.
calumet farms unveils new tandem horse for couples riding
this the fuck harness sex shop worker has at home
aita for getting in to an argument about an amazon alexa with the missus?
on the way to the first party my car breaks down and my friends and i end up there at around 9:30 so we decide to stay a little later.
local lurker with a throw away for today.
fast forward to 3 days ago, which was a thursday.
aita for covering my boyfriends mouth while he yelled during an argument my boyfriend and i have been dating for about 3 years and live together.
so i just wore her clothes without asking and she never seemed to mind it.
alligator can't stop thinking about delicious swan from last week
ad campaign for new $20 bill a success
eventually, mg was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, got his toes amputated because of it, and then died when i was about 10 or 12.
'with binomials, just remember foil,' reports man keeping teens from having sex between 2:30 and 3:20
aita for expecting my friend to help me through a tough time?
edit 2: starting to look like i am the asshole.
vin diesel will finally kiss car in 'fast & furious 6'
in addition, i’ve gotten the opinion of a couple therapists and they have a serious concern about the situation.
with regard to 2), it's possible that her travel schedule will normalize after this project is over, but that's what she told me in 2015 - 16 as well, and here we are in the present.
he doesn’t even know the words to them!
&#x200b; i told her no, i wouldn't be able to pick her up because i already had plans for the evening (watching an important football game at my brothers house).
sparrow thinks it might have caught bird flu after puking seeds all morning
divorcing parents assure anxious kids that dog still loves them
currently, he has broken ribs, dislocated shoulder, he is on breathing support etc.
woman hopes husband doesn't notice she lost wedding ring finger over weekend
they were in need of a fifth voice for their performance.
i apologized because i really didn't mean to hurt his feelings and it's not that i don't think he can it's that i don't think it's practical and it makes more sense to apply to the places that won't wreck us financially.
aita for talking to a friend on the phone for two hours and not telling my 2 year old son goodnight?
am i the asshole for getting annoyed cos she won’t try and enjoy the things i like, like i do for her?
then she went off on me i said it doesn't really matter you haven't touched in months.
today he has informed me that he is going to let a girl that he has known for less a month rent one of the rooms in the house.
time-warner ceo announces plans to merge with secretary
later on my grandma said that "we were both wrong because he hit me but i also didn't obey".
proceeded to go into my room and close the door on her still trying to day whatever she was saying to me.
me and my sister live together and split some of the household tasks.
it is also presidents day the week before which may work but idk yet.
dont just write him off like that let's check the procedures".
movie works out exactly as audience hoped
next episode of 'girls' to feature lena dunham shitting herself during gyno exam while eating a burrito
really-loud-whistle guy takes every opportunity to whistle loudly
no response to the flowers .
i bought one used on an app called poshmark for a huge discount, but the seller never shipped it (i luckily got a refund from the app).
me: i'm glad you finally agree with me.
i dislike her company, but if i tell her that she's gonna go apeshit.
one night i intentionally left open packages of cookie dough in easy to find hiding spots.
unmanned military drone briefly grasps senselessness of war
joe paterno dies in hospital; doctors promise to tell their superiors first thing tomorrow
members of opening band walking among crowd during intermission like gods among men
i have asked him repeatedly to not go above 75 mph but he and my son think that i’m being the asshole and that he should be able to drive in the left lane with the flow of traffic, which usually is faster than 75 mph.
clinton aide told to leave behind weak volunteer who collapsed during march to south carolina
the whole back of it was drenched.
a year ago i relocated to a small town in the middle of no where for a niche project.
aita for making a deal out of my fiance not planning to exchange a christmas gift he didn't like so he‘ll get something he does like and will use?
roommate's boyfriend drinking yet another can of soda
but because they're, well, grandparents and haven't been parenting for a while now, much less taking care of a newborn, they asked for help to my aunt.
i asked my boss as well, and he just said someone better be there.
am i the asshole for going on a day trip with my coworker, a female?
jesse helms treed by coon hounds
biden regales dnc with story of '80s girl band vixen breaking hard rock's glass ceiling
i kept calling her and she wouldn’t pick up.
so, sorry if the post will be long, but you need a little backstory.
&#x200b; at college grad night we all got pretty drunk.
she instantly forgave me and told me that she doesn't blame me for anything.
i am a very germaphobic person because my immune system is almost non-existent and am sick at least once monthly.
for a while until they started up again when they thought i couldn't hear but i was only like 10 feet ahead of them.
causing people to constantly restart the entire game in hopes of being able to play it at all.
i asked her what i was doing and she said one of the reasons she and i can't get along is because i'm so "fucking dense."; i told her that was nice language to use in front of her kids.
7.) grow a pair - already got a pair.
department of interior to control rising mole population by releasing mallets into national parks
new evidence suggests president george washington sent woodcut of penis to secretary
my girlfriend says that if he respected either of us he wouldn’t want us apart when we are in love.
in the store the tv did not look so big, so i said fine (it was 55" our former tv was 37").
he is honestly a great person, i just believe he has zero idea about the real world because he chooses to live under my mothers thumb.
after a couple of minutes of this she says that she can't be bothered and i kick off.
4 billion years of evolution unable to prevent area man from drooling on self
i could be wrong, but i don’t always believe weight is a genetics thing (educate me if i’m wrong).
grandma wants to know if you're still drawing
it took a year of petty arguments, screaming matches, and not talking to each other at all to get to a point where we’ve both moved on and have a dope friendship.
my partners dad starts saying "your nan said it would be nice if you could go see your pop today and play a game of pool with him, would that be okay?" at this point i am ready to cry, my face has started to show my anxiety because my partner keeps looking at me and getting cranky because he can see i am upset.
well he responded and basically told me to make an appointment or stop by to they if we have time to talk.
she tells me "i'm no good with cars" and that her aforementioned crush should take a look at it.
it definitely put things into perspective.
i still assumed i would be a bridesmaid.
it took like 10 days before the phone was annihilated.
it's painful processing these packages when there's so much i need to export daily.
we have been unable to get kids.
i was ready to snap but i controlled my anger.
so the question remains, am i the asshole?
trump dismisses concerns over white house chaos after pack of feral dogs takes over 4th west wing room
now i know i’m not entitled to a response because for all she knew i was an axe murderer rapist, but it still made me feel like an asshole because it led me to believe she was creeped out rather than flattered(which is what i was going for).
aita if i don't like the way he asked a question, and i want to tell him why it's rude to invite himself over?
the way i see it, she is all i’ll ever need, but physically as a male i can only ever represent half of her sexual interest.
i know my wife would get full custody anyways given how conservative and backwards our legal system is towards trans women.
majestic sounds of 'goddamn long line' ring across america
hot puerto rican scientist sweeps latin nobel prize awards
i have this "friend" who has a reputation of being annoying, ask dumb questions, and is known to hit on many guys but have weak game.
incredibly popular george h.w. bush funeral gets extended 2-week run
giddy tim kaine presses face against campaign bus window as horse trailer drives by
great lover also great at slinking out
so, would i be an asshole, to go and take back my items?
boss came to work today dressed as guy who fires sean
i'm always concerned about being loud late at night in our apartment because of neighbors.
later on in the night, we're talking, having a nice conversation.
its been months, since my ex and i broke up.
man always sleeps with bat beside bed just in case any major league pitchers try to break in
chinese graduate student pursues master's in political silence
only jewish kid in class asked to talk about holocaust remembrance day
date of apple backlash set for march 21, 2008
my friend who was having the party doesn’t have a lot of friends so he invited 3 other people and me.
i was out with a pal for a night on the town in the central european capital where we live and we were having a beer in sort of a bar/lounge/restaurant type space.
i played out of my mind in ranked matches all day, won 20 games and lost 2.
he said he watched everything she took and made sure it ended up only in his trunk and then his storage unit so he could return it to me.
loves fatty foods, junk food, energy drinks and soda, and mostly dining out (especially at taco shops) thanks to his parents not cooking much in his childhood nor eating wholesome meals together at the family table.
but i've not had some action for nearly a week.
i love her but can you guys tell her she's an asshole and not me?
i texted him, "i hate you" along with various other hateful things.
my gf's cat after that went unresponsive for almost an hour.
i confessed that yes, i did indeed tell her mother without letting her know first.
my brother had preordered the game and had been failing to log in most of the day.
the only silver lining to me being gone is that he’d get to spend time with family and they’d get to spend time with him.
after the quiz i returned both halves of the pencil, which the girl then spent the next fifteen minutes taping back together.
this greatly interferes with my ability to commit to my new boyfriend, however much i feel like i should want that.
they didn't even roughhouse with each other.
however, she wants her daughter to be a bridesmaid and involved in the wedding.
it was fine for a couple of hours untill she moved my hands and started holding them instead.
office bad boy sees right through team-building exercise
she proceeded to bawl and say how since we are together, she should be the only person i don't need any space away from.
are we meeting the needs of our nation's rich?
i have a friend who i have been friends with since late elementary school who we'll call a.
he asked me what was wrong with our current bank account so i explained that i feel guilty spending money from it on stuff that's just for me.
automated teller has more personality than human teller
this was 4 days after he moved out.
i would like some outside perspective on this.
also no, my mom didn't gave up on everything to give me an education.
today alone, i managed to post more than 30 articles, to which now they have increased their spam filter to avoid these posts.
i don't want to be a nag or not let them have their fun, so i started buying some earplugs so i could sleep better at night.
man in international airport only speaks business
i tell him to put it in my mailbox and i will put it in.
she said that she could see from the way i had come back that i had not, to paraphrase, handled the situation properly.
i shout at her that i want an explanation and she says that i’m supposed to ask her before i swap them.
mother given gift basket of soaps, bubble bath hopefully takes hint that she smells like shit
man's alcoholism getting a little out of hand
he has a bird and i have a cat.
bigot relieved to learn gays in his state still effectively subhuman
wrong turn finds man on poor side of mall
i know that seems unfair, but he is old fashioned and didn't want me to work at all.
today i was cycling omw to the store, a street i had to go through was blocked by several cars.
&#x200b; i feel pretty terrible about this.
we had planned to hang out at my apartment since monday, and i was super hyped.
(disclaimer: many of you may think im an asshole stoner, being a total chump for doing this but i'll just say it's legal some places and i thoroughly counted the coins twice while not under any kind of influence.
both our names are on the house but she has not every paid anything in mortgage.
aspiring actor dreams of one day publicly voicing regret for working with woody allen
during hurricane katrina i watched the news coverage as much as possible.
as a result, when evaluating the group, i reported that she had done the least work, as none of what she had done ended up helping us in any way.
at first, i thought she was joking when she said something to the effect of "trust me i don't want to be here either".
city adds some big concrete stairs
but i didn't write it down or anything.
it was at this point that i decided i would tell my roommate the truth, which i did several days later, before we left for thanksgiving break.
iowa board of tourism launches 'des moines is des perate' campaign
the school still did absolutely nothing.
4 senators mauled during congressional tiger show
now that he knows how much the ticket is worth, he wants to keep all of it.
party host horrified to discover guests have been drying hands on bath towel this whole time
human feet originally used for walking, anthropologists report
we both quickly said bye to our friends and got the uber and went home, where we stewed at decided to put this silly incident behind us.
i do not like talking over text and would much prefer to talk to someone in person or in a call.
aitah for kicking my husband out of the house after catching him performing oral sex on hiself?
local grandmother beginning to realize family never even looked for better nursing home
i brought my dog outside and he went to the bathroom as expected, but i turned around and she had put the dog down (inside) and he peed on the floor.
we talked casually for a bit the went back inside.
i assumed she didn't want to see me anymore so i made other plans and i guess "cancelled on her".
&#x200b; she got really mad at me later and gave me a list of bullshit reasons cause i told her how upset i was when she didnt tell me why she blocked me.
my boyfriend and i rented a cabin for a weekend several hours from home.
&#x200b; i feel like i've broken the "girl code" here even though l and i aren't hugely close, she's confided in me about stuff before and i consider her a friend, and i know she will be pissede if/when she finds out.
on christmas i sent her another apology (this time proof-read by another japanese friend to avoid any more misunderstandings), where i promised to get better at expressing myself in japanese.
both in the garden and inside the house.
every year i go out with the meager amount of money i make during the year to buy gifts for the holiday season, just like any other poor college kid.
like six months ago i found a link on reddit to request more information and a visit from the mormon church, so like any good friend, i signed everyone i knew up.
if the argument is financial then why isn't he considering the fact that i pay over 25% of my income on student loans.
area man worried health care debate might be getting political
is he an asshole for not committing to being there by a certain time?
our place has two refrigerators, one in the kitchen (the main one) and another in the basement.
attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
thousands of dismembered crash test dummies line newly discovered catacombs beneath ford motor plant
somehow she justified spending the evening together because it’s unlikely we’ll see each other again so it was like “goodbye”.
i take responsibility for not doing the assignments and understand her saying she would not change the grades.
aita for denying this woman a seat at a hospital?
i wish i would've been able to know beforehand.
aita for hoping my deceased uncle left me money in his will.
we were talking about her luck at finding jobs and how she had asked one of her bestfriends(20-something m) from another state if he knew of anything.
i told him "i thought money didn't mean anything to you." and he just goes on a rant about me being an asshole and always needing to be right blah blah.
aita for asking my gf to spend more weekends with me and less with her family (and eventually friends)?
i live in europe and in the last years i have seen an increase of the amount of people talking other in foreign languages, what annoys me it’s not the fact that they talk their native languages between each other, but the fact that whenever they or i try to communicate we always have to switch to english because they don’t know the local language, i find it really annoying, especially when they have been living here for some years
she was the favorite growing up.
i am head chef at this other restaurant he owns, fairly new to the business and was talking to my crew the other day about who was going and what were they wearing etc (burning man theme) and the 2 chefs i had on expressed they wanted to go but didn't want to dress up and it was too far away and they have kids and blah blah.
all of this happened about 6 weeks before ss's release date.
scuba diver expressing either joy or terror
police repeatedly shoot tim cook after mistaking iphone for gun
so am i the asshole for trespassing or is it justified since all the evidence suggests that it was the same people.
defunded planned parenthood reassures supporters it has enough fetus cash to keep going
at this point you're probably saying "dude, just wipe your pants" or "dude, just find another guys bathroom" and you would have a point but my u.s history teacher let us out early and you can't walk the halls even if you are dismissed by the teacher.
turns out, i had missed several assignments early in the quarter (back in november) which she had just put in.
former trump advisor carter page found dumb in d.c. hotel room
or he will blow up.) and it seems to be getting worse as we get older (not better as it tends to do).
pregnant wife has no idea which jonas brother she married
at about 5 they asked if they could get a ride later that night.
nurse being treated for ebola impressed with health workers' new gear
she has been there two year and i've had multiple interactions with her most of them being unpleasant.
i made her feel conscious of her body and her cloths at the gym, where she was vulnerable.
i truly believe b has changed.
poll finds americans' greatest fear is waitress forgetting about them
i called him for new years, he experienced it first, not because he asked me to (he didn’t even elude to the need) but because i wanted to be with him then.
i loved deadpool, but it was one of the movies i spent a long time begging to watch in the past.
brian boitano sobs quietly in dark
vice president of making your job harder given raise
dad receives advance intelligence on visiting son's new eyeliner
it it even more egregious imo that they would push a patch out to a game and then just hope that it worked while everyone buggers off on a 2 week holiday break.
i was informed (about 3 months after the fact) that we were no longer welcome in their house, because his wife thinks i'm racist and that i don't like her because of the color of her skin.
news of jenna elfman sitcom sends herd of buffalo into wild stampede
he has a very high ego, and he makes his feelings very clear by complaining to teachers about ‘boring/easy material’ or will call people ‘dumb/idiotic’ when they don’t agree with him.
i'm getting a little frustrated at this point and i ask her where they are, and a couple of minutes later she asks why i'm not calling her.
however, the situation is still different slightly, as whenever babies nap, that's time that the parents are supposed to nap/complete chores/tasks, which in our situation isn't the case since we're at the nicu, not at home.
b is in charge of cleaning our four glass mirrors (two in each bathroom) and taking out the trash bins (in each bathroom).
i have no problem giving him his shit.
i can tell she's putting some thought into what our activity will be and this makes me extremely happy.
study finds average american gets most physical exertion waving cell phone around to get signal
now we're entering the part where i think i'm probably being somewhat of an asshole.
i went on to be with mine, but we didn’t make the year mark.
we talk on that just a little while longer.
&#x200b; the other day, the topic came up again, and i told her it was non-negotiable for me that we sleep in the same bed if we move in together.
world's religious leaders admit they just love getting to wear frilly little gowns and having a blast
my plan is to not help her again when she is in a pinch.
aita for not backing down against my 6 year old daughter in a pointless argument?
can i have it for free in exchange for publicity?" is it non-assholeish specifically because reaching out to them and featuring their work is validation of their efforts?
we got into a shouting match, i was visibly upset and raised my voice, and started using profanity.
we got super deep into talking about the past and how we both regretted everything.
however, b was still incredibly close with sam, so i had actually traded him account passwords.
she said she was about 2 years away from moving to the city i'm in.
i love learning, i tend to be an attentive student, generally interested in my classes, and always trying to stay on the right side of my teachers.
we were on this carpet thing and we were playing around.
however on friday i get a call 2 hours into my shift that max had bit her and was acting very aggressively.
doctors don’t need to try anything else or prove that this prescription for an animal which is allowed nearly anywhere can be measured.
the husband was an elderly man in his 70s with a wife in her 30s.
wibta for making my best friends girlfriend cheat on him to get him out of an abusive relationship so i (male) have know that my best friend (male) has been in an abusive relationship for almost 2 years now.
nation's insomniacs speak out against world's-strongest-man competitions
we have been dating for almost a month now, and i decided that it was time to have a discussion about sexuality in our relationship.
humanity hoping it only has to put up with few more millennia of this shit
cannibal corpse blasting from papal apartment window
so every day on my way to the gym i eat a bag of pretzels.
i went on [twitch.tv]( last night to browse through streams.
i did obviously offer to rewatch it again right away, and reassured her how much i would like to share the experience together, but she's having none of it and keeps labeling me an asshole here.
nra releases downloadable blueprints for first 3d-printed gun lobbyists
whenever i try to bring up how stressed i am to my parents, they always bring up how i'm living in the house rent-free and don't do as much as i claim i do and threaten me to not ask them for things.
we've been married 6 years and she's my madonna and my ho and everything in between and i worship the ground the walks on.
she's cleaned up now, but i can't get it out of my head how she'd let him do that to her.
while having my meal, i made a impulsive decision to watch the final episode of the show that we hadn't finished before.
she posted an absolutely awful photo (terrible quality, improper and overused effects, etc.) of both of the cars on her account with the caption “the beginning of our (fakename) family!!!!”.
who cares what this woman thinks or does in the five minutes we're gone.
it creates the most awkward situation for us.
man pinned beneath car wondering when adrenaline going to kick in
this kinda hurt me because i feel i do a lot of compromising in the relationship, which i told her.
i dont want to be poly, i dont want an open relationship.
out-of-style woman still has last season's body issues
i figured i'd go get those last two wins, but was told this team activity was mandatory.
overweight man repeatedly introduced to overweight woman at party
when ever i'm around family i feel super uncomfortable, mainly because i don't love or even like my parents (mostly my dad).
double-jointed man on date breaks it out too early
syrian man kept up all night by neighbors dying
-- i regularly nudge, jostle and sometimes push people exiting airplanes.
dog blocks off afternoon to lick spot on floor where owner once dropped pepperoni
her father was an is very incorporated in the dealing and their house is full of ferraris and other expensive cars.
some people are indeed struggling in life and could use a helping hand.
every year, during the winter holidays, we have a hanukkah party with my family and another family.
my brother however still tries to please them because i think he is conflicted.
she kep't saying that i wasn't doing my part in the family and that she didn't think that i was responsible enough to use my scholarship money and said that there would be no lessons until semester ended because i had to stop acting like i didnt care about anything and told me at this rate i would be stuck working at mcdonald's.
she didn't break up with me but she hasn't spoken to me since monday even though we live together.
i’ve talked to him about how it embarrasses me, but he just doesn’t seem to listen.
she got visibly upset about it and the silence during the duration of the trip was deafening.
k-y introduces new line of jam
in my opinion, if someone told me "i love my car, but i don't ever want you to do anything to it, if you do i'd be very upset" and i went and customized their car anyway then called it a gift, they'd still have every right to be upset because slapping the label of "gift" on something doesn't diminish the fact you still did something you knew they'd be upset about.
employees annoyed at having to attend 3-hour-long sexual seduction training
i sincerely care about her son because i was in a terrible place my sophomore year, and i feel a certain personal responsibility.
experts recommend changing batteries in smoke detector every 6 fires
- the guys i see in trade are not from our guild &#x200b; &#x200b; me: is right?
nation's sports fans shocked by truth about 'we will rock you' anthem
tldr, i’ve been doing no nut november intermittently for a little over 5years
girlfriend loves spending 'alone time' with you
aita for getting frustrated with my parents for sending out my resume without my permission?
i genuinely don’t know how to explain this well so i’m just going to be blunt at the risk of sounding like an ass.
that scares me about the future, what other situations are going to be too difficult to manage?
chris pine depressed by realization he could probably win governorship somewhere
man at bar has incredibly complicated reason for why he enjoys rolling rock
i have just completed an msc in app development.
we also bring dates, i bring my wife.
aita for demanding my gf, who has never lived on her own, to live on her own first before i move in with her?
friend moving apartments probably just going to rent u-haul, have nervous breakdown
they have never asked me to.
5th grade in the usa is about age 10-11 btw.
i saw cupcakes i guess we were going to decorate but no one initiated anything.
i felt bad and kept saying no i’m just busy but she said “then tell me when you figure it out” and i didn’t answer.
then, she wanted to buy me the arcade stick bag, but since she started looking for my gift a few days ago, she was worried that it might not arrive on time.
samuel adams apologizes for 'boston sucks' pilsner
aita for calling a girl in my class fat?
hussein court shocked by ironclad alibi
in fact the first day they shook my hand briefly, they were so smiley, cute and they all introduced me to everyone—it was so adorable.
i love this girl and think i could marry her some day, but i do not have my shit together at the moment (serious mh issues, depression, et cetera) so i do not want to force my crap onto another person.
i quickly blow it out and take the bill and say "well i give a shit about money." i went to my room to sleep.
report: bots now make up 22% of twitter executives
i bought 3 items: item 1: $10 item 2: $3 item 3: $22 total: $35 i used a $20 cash card that was given at the store's grand opening and paid the rest with my credit card.
the trigger was that she didn't even apologize, in fact, she got angry at me reasoning that i shouldn't have put my laptop on my bed.
burmese python shocked at amount of stress man holding in his neck
i'm a straight heteroflexible dude btw.
so i stopped hanging out with her.
aita for reporting a sexual harrasment on a guy?
aita for getting mad at my boyfriend partying while i’m mourning aita my grandmother passed away suddenly on sunday night the 30th, night before new year’s eve.
i have family that would come over every day for the first week to feed, water and pat his head, and friends that can come by every two days to do the same on the second week.
for the first two years, every time i heard my dogs bark, i would call them right back inside (they only stay out for up to ten minutes at a time without me, just long enough to go to the bathroom) and let them back out once their dog was up.
finally i come back home, shes still in tears, i apologize and then decide to explain to her what i want.
i feel really helpless because she doesn’t want to leave my father alone and at the same time can’t stand living there.
samsung smart tv owner learning about majority of features from leaked cia documents
one of the people i visited was this 50 year old divorcee.
aita for getting mad at my family for verbally abusing my dog?
when she told me where she was from i said i’d rather she didn’t go there.
oddly enough, he gets offended whenever someone says something about chinese people.
edit; i don't know how to write it reddit
it was way past midnight and i was kept awake by the bright light and loud audio.
plus, he has some issue with the bank which i don't fully know about, but basically he can't have anything in his name, not a car, not a house, because of an old big debt.
she undoes his pants and starts sucking him off.
assisted care facility hits grand fucking slam with little styrofoam cups of sherbet
daughter giggled, and we went shopping.
shes also annoyingly insecure and will say things like “yeah if you’re still interested in hooking up” or she’ll ask me what i consider her in relation to me but i don’t like to overthink that much.
semiotics department accuses university administration of anti-semiotism
i told her that i wanted my shirt dry cleaned.
parents of adorable baby on tv show most likely insane
it’s mostly remained at 71 because i try to be nice and i know she gets cold.
post might be boring now for you guys now, maybe not idk.
suicide bomber reacts poorly to surprise birthday party
'mr. falafel' owner does not actually like being addressed as mr. falafel
area boyfriend much nicer before sex
"well, your dog comes over to our yard!".
it’s a harmless thing and it helps him feel more comfortable in his own skin.
i've never felt this way about anyone and he said the same.
'brain games' recalls thousands of defective word puzzles that gave users alzheimer's
woman wakes husband up on valentine's day with hot surprise blowtorch
&#x200b; the next morning there was a harshly written note addressed to me from the flatmate in the kitchen, basically saying it was disrespectful, i should be responsible for my guests actions and that it wasn't about the money it would be inconvenient to buy another one.
now, i was kind of tired and generally speaking not thinking too hard so i simply shrugged and said "yeah it's pretty cool" and kept walking.
so maybe last week, i was sleepless in the middle of the night and just to see what he was up to and turned on findmyfriends and saw that like at 1am on a tuesday night he was at this really cool old converted warehouse that's half loft's/half artists space close to our towns bar district.
same as i've done for people asking for the "windows tech support" scam and the cra/irs scam.
realtor obligated to tell potential buyers about murder happening in basement
we didn't hang out at all, and my friends would try to get together with us separately so me and g wouldn't have to be around each other.
the cop actually said because it happened on private property fault would have been 50/50.
trail of ants better be leading toward something delicious
film character moves into beautiful brooklyn brownstone after getting dream publishing job
so idk how he attempted but he’s back home now.
aita for not talking to my recent ex when he’s suicidal?
i invite her because in my words to my friends, “why the hell not?” she, along with my friends, show up and the party goes well.
no one quite sure why 8-year-old has voice of lifelong chain smoker
hamburger creeped out by eerie soy facsimile of itself on grill
if i didn't start now there is a big chance that i would not be able to use all my money as i would only be able to do one or two lessons per week and i couldn't do much flying in november or december as it is very snowy in those months where i live.
less popular friend proposes combining birthdays into single party
aita for being upset that a waitress spilt coffee all over me at a work event, as an intern?
boardwalk con men hit hard by sharp decrease in chumps
i wish you the best of luck in your research." would that be holier-than-thou-esque?
he said it last night, for example, after our four year old didnt put the lid on a water bottle after saying she dis, and then knocking the bottle onto my side of the bed, soaking my sheet and blanket.
eccentric man introduces new sweater to closet pals colonel coat and captain blazer
still it is pretty clear that we also have romantic interest in each other even though we don't hug or do anything else romantic as i want to appreciate her relationship.
aita fro being a guy and going into the girls bathroom to get papertowels?
today i jokingly asked "hows \[phillipe\]" and she told me that shes still kinda talking to him and that he was gonna call her tonight, we were in a call (ft) at the time.
we went up to the front of the restaurant and paid the check.
barack obama 'tiger beat' cover clinches slumber party vote
and for one day i went to work wearing it.
it was only up for about 2 minutes before my coworker deleted it, but i am concerned that our bosses saw it and may be offended.
german auto engineer issued lab coat
i was like yeah but it's a sword...a sword...to like stab people with.
and he just had the urge to smoke again and it's been helping him cope with the stress.
and i did so for two weeks.
however, our professor asked her opinion on male circumcision in the united states?
but i’ve been going on dates with this guy i really see something with.
justice department calls on ferguson to align level of institutional racism with rest of country
most incompetent coworker once again shines at office halloween party
philip morris: 'please talk to your cooler children about cigarettes'
i don’t know if she was lying or what tf was up.
man who can't get enough mucus enjoying winter season
he was supposed to have used it for one time, but it started raining while he was mowing and he stowed it in his shed to keep it from being rained on.
phone call with dad just watered-down version of phone call with mom
i'll admit that a small part of my reasoning for inviting her was to ease my fear of being completely by myself over there and having to socialize on my own.
but now i sort of regret it and wonder if it would have been better if i had just kept it to myself.
they forgot to let us know until just then.
i saw my coworker take money and pocket it so i told my manager and it may have gotten him fired.
these aren't their real names or usernames, but i kind of wish they were.
**tl;dr** after 10 years, family began visited us for 1 week.
they both worry about their romantic pursuits.
backstory, i have a very wealthy uncle whom i was never really close with (really only saw him at christmas).
trail of lawn-mower assassin still fresh
but now for the actual part and why this is not just another (aita???
tldr: i cherry picked photographs from a discord chat to make a guy who sexually harrased my friend look like a kiddy-fiddler, smearing his reputation in the process.
make her cheat and then dump her, like she dumped me?
area man always carbo-loading just in case
she: it would mainly just be a final convo and i’m ok with that.
professor pressured to sleep with student for good course evaluation
i get his frustration, and at this moment he doesn’t know that we have tried to contain the chickens....but i’m writing him a letter back.
and he didnt really come up with that idea - his brother was there the weekend before.
she's been upset about this though, and was telling her friends that she thought i was uninterested in her, since i never talked to her, or texted her.
even if the professor thinks his syllabus is perfect there are likely things a student could question about it.
this has caused some tension with some of her female friends too, who said i am being evil.
first she tried to told me she did so much for me and i was ungrateful.
anyway my friend and i are in a tight money situation so we made it very clear we could not afford this dinner as soon as we sat down.
rent was roughly 1700, she would contribute about $300 a month to living expenses we shared.
his legs still are and when he flexes they are rock solid.
aita: am i a shitty brother?
when parents came home, dad realised i had an ice pack on my desk, he asked why.
aita for asking my wife to exercise to be more sexually attractive, or is she in the wrong for letting herself go and not changing?
fast forward to a year later, gf and i are in bed.
because we had just had a huge fight a couple months back where he called me a cunt a few times and i told him it was unacceptable.
they out of good faith let me know that the offer still stood to pay for my ticket back up north.
one was an office job, the other was at the nursing home.
he says he wants to be fully transparent, yet i only have a rough guess of his total savings.
'very special' constitutional amendment to take on alcoholism
i.t. guy has long dark night of self-doubt
the only people who are vegan are her, her fiance, and some of their friends.
and eventually when i retire (the day cant come soon enough) he will take my place and pass it on to his son.
not sharing bank passwords implies mistrust and implies that he feels that i could use the information to harm him.
nation hopeful there will be equally random chance of justice for future victims of police abuse
i got a job working night shift about 5 months ago and our friendship fell apart.
a bit of backstory: my friend, i’ll call him fred, would hang out with this girl, we’ll call her wilma, in high school during junior and senior year.
i’ve seriously been contemplating just giving her her christmas gifts for this year and then just cold turkey cutting her off but whenever i’m not talking to her i’m thinking about her..
so, i wanted the chicken balls she owed me for lunch today instead.
many media outlets were saying it was brave of them to publish a video about a gay relationship at the time.
i think he’s narcissistic and unable to defend his stance morally.
it's basically an all-day trip to get there (two flights), and when you arrive there's not really much to do given it's a small city.
art professor revealed to be convincing fake
since he insisted i got so annoyed that i ended up sending him an outdated version of a summary that i found online.
woman still holding onto hope that toxic friendship could blossom into a toxic relationship
cactus scientists recommend drinking 8 cups of water per year
d snatches r’s phone and says “you’re recording me” while r was not even using the camera.
in the past my dad would jokingly try and give me or my sister a big wet kiss as a stupid goodbye, intended to be funny simply for the ridiculousness of it.
nation's movie theaters bracing for 'hansel and gretel' being perhaps the biggest hit of all time
i believe the largest shirt my father-in-law owned was a 5x.
when we came home i told my daughter that i didn't want her spending the night with her anymore.
she’s an amazing, intelligent woman and she is my best friend.
i’m digging some caffeine and i need soda so i decided i am going to steal his mountain dew then put a $1 bill in the mountain dew box.
not the first time this has happened.
aita for "stealing" this parking spot?
her friends have called me, saying that i really hurt her by refusing to acknowledge this kid, and calling me selfish and whatnot, but i can't handle all that stuff right now, or ever probably.
i expected to pay for one since we did order it twice but she took them both off.
let’s call her noodle have been best friends for i think 11 years now.
so reddit aita for making that joke?
we live in the same town and whenever i see her friends, they all try to ignore me now.
i also write short stories and post them on my page and frequently use gifs or photos to illustrate my work.
&#x200b; fast forward to today (saturday) and i thought this had blown over.
the wedding is adults only, no kids allowed.
we were able to buy a house for a song and we eagerly moved in 2 weeks ago.
apparently i'm not as good at acting as i thought, and she started to ask some questions.
they couldn’t even remember my name.
i was looking for a gift for my sister.
my first thought, given the time of night, the type of knock, and the flashlight, was that it was the police.
area man never leaves house without putting on lucky everything
head of nbc suddenly remembers he meant to cancel 'rock center' 8 weeks ago
viacom demands youtube pull 400,000 ex-tv viewers from its site
woman speaks for record-breaking 8 hours without being interrupted by man
mitt romney jots down ideas for concession speech while obama talks
so am i the asshole for actively wanting his girlfriend to send more nudes?
i really made it obvious that i hated her with every fiber in my body and wanted everyone else to hate her just as much.
i'm also a cheap bastard that buys cheap shoes at walmart.
so, i told julia and mary that i don’t want to buy a suit because it’s too expensive for me.
but if we’ve been going at it for a while.
aita for not wanting to play video game with a girl anymore?
so ive been pondering the situation that happened to me new years eve of 2017 since this year i stayed in for just fear essentially.
now, with the long nights we have at this time of year, it's entirely possible that the owner of this car would head off to work when it was still dark, meaning they might discover the dog shit in a, let's say, tactile manner, rather than by seeing it.
eventually she stated that she didn't want to move her stuff (a foot over), that she didn't care.
she found maybe 3 sexual ones from months ago but she also found some shitty stuff slim said about her like he wanted to get her to pass out so she wouldn’t bother us (i never replied to those kind of comments cos wtf?!) in her (righteous) hurt and anger, she started going through my belongings.
did he lead me on for real?
i get home, take a quick shower and get dressed before heading up and going to grab dinner.
the friday before that, we hugged (sometimes we do that, it's nothing sexual and my boyfriend was ok with it, because our friendship is more important than the sex we had, and he needs affection sometimes) but it was more than just friendly this time and we just couldn't help it (if there was soul mate for friends/fuckfriends we would be soul mate)(i don't believe in soul mates usually).
i'll try to answer most of them.
they said they needed zero notice and to make sure they leave “at a reasonable hour”.
whether it be during a movie or anything else, he’s singing some stupid pop song from 2014.
it’s pretty much up to her what she wants to do, but the responsibility of taking care of the kids is my main priority.
(this dynamic lasted for most of a year.) 4.
she is self conscious about her weight, because she knows my type is not usually girls like her.
i'm thinking of telling her not to go based off of how i feel, which is this: \- i don't know these guys very well.
rain-drenched cat announces it ready to stay inside and be part of family
man honestly thought breakdown would be more obvious to people
it was supposed to be uplifting.
report: ground still least desirable surface for breaking fall
a month later, we were learning how to do ekgs.
a bit ago my boyfriend and i reviewed the conversation.
i was opening presents from family and most were things i enjoy or asked for.
he does not like most people.
i wasn't trying to start a fight or anything.
aita for wanting my bf to better our situation?
i wanted a normal trip with stagette themed stuff.
i’m not going to tell you guys what race she was because it will just start problems on this post, but i don’t want to take care of the child because the child won’t be accepted by my family.
now she's upset, she actually was tearful.
depressed monkey throwing shit at himself
i found that funny and said i know where he gets it from.
new country-music video has look of 1991 rock video
i found it extremely disrespectful to anyone who's lost a child.
bee wishes it could hang around open soda can without everybody freaking out
i’m prepared to be called a terrible person...
it was an old snapper riding lawn mower.
gop quick to point out that michael cohen was merely rnc's deputy finance chairman
&#x200b; she found me outside and i told her i was upset about her taking acid, and she got defensive saying that it's no different than drinking and smoking, and that i shouldn't worry about her.
won't happen further but i may make some edits here for where i feel there are confusing issues.
i took the cat and put it in the garage.
and so i kept telling her how i wouldn't support it and stuff.
i really think i wasn't the asshole here but as my husband keeps saying i overreacted and that he's ugly and no one will look at him (bulshit) i just wanted to check.
i'm not the most outgoing person ever, but i have tons of experience being the quiet, new kid and know i handle it best if i just stay out of everyone's way.
spider eggs hatch in bush's brain
she plays cod a lot with a group of guys for hours on end so its not like she barely knows him.
aita for supporting the freedom in this country to be an ignorant moron?
nra calls for teachers to keep loaded gun pointed at class for entire school day
area power walker looks just ridiculous
i got to feeling kind of bad about this later -- i think maybe the punishment did not fit the crime.
after about 2-3 hours of fun, she suddenly decided to get a cig.
then he went after my weekend request, saying that he already gives them to me off because he helps out.
second clarification: several comments have suggested, correctly, that i worded the post poorly so i wanted to clarify.
about 4 hours later my friend contacts me again and says hes done the rough draft of part 4 and 5 and 1.
vacation-bound rush limbaugh to do nothing but golf and respect minorities for 2 weeks
then she starts asking if i liked her in that way coz she thought i was still crushing on her and if so tomorrow could be so much fun.
i’m not sure if we’re best friends anymore.
i have gone through hellish logistics to get the door opened and she will go to the apartement to clean out her stuff today, before the door is locked again.
area woman has no idea she will hate jennifer lawrence 7 years from now
i know my history with his sister shouldn’t matter when it comes to their relationship, but i still feel a little betrayed.
but the way i think about it, there was a very good chance that this cat was going to get killed anyway, and they were going to feel horrible anyway.
i had asked her about their location a few times during the week and she kept telling me she had no idea where they were.
i put so much time and work into learning to sing as best as i could, and in one fell swoop it was ruined.
trump asks why kavanaugh accuser didn't just immediately request hush money
we’ll refer to them by they’re room letters for now on.
&#x200b; i took into a consideration a lot of the comments, but probably won't have the time or the emotional capacity to respond to all of them.
satan depressed all weekend after man opts out of casino trip
for some context on our relationship, my girlfriend is great.
world wildlife fund announces new breeding program to create way more squirrels than necessary
i thought i had a done deal, since she's apparently had a crush on me for months now, but she said "no, not tonight", and things got awkward.
i've had terrible social anxiety for my entire life (that doesn't give me carte blanche to be an asshole, i'm not trying to excuse my behavior, just giving a reason) and so i just stayed in my room the entire time he was there.
boxing coach wishes just once he could mentor someone who has already fully worked through childhood trauma
man's insecurities versatile enough to be projected onto any situation
mueller immediately regrets coercing michael cohen to flip on trump after having to spend time with him
st. vincent to world's catholics: stop donating all this crap to me
i can't show people the apartment myself because i'm in a different state.
i miss you stupid drunk shit.
i don't know what it is but i find getting christmas cards really annoying.
so i’ve been hanging out with her randomly after school, etc, and my gf the first time said that it was ok for me to hang out with her.
i wasn't ready to be in a relationship.
eco-conscious marketing firm developing alternative sources of synergy
new contraception law would require teenagers to consult with 3 different peers before selecting birth control method
roommate b approached me and said she couldn't finish and asked if i could do it.
aita for getting annoyed with all the people who say they're upset about hillenburg?
there is also the possibility that my suspicions could sometimes be wrong.
responsible man sets aside small portion of every paycheck for bank to gamble with
gallup pollster forced to cut off another gop voter's enraged rant in order to get to next call
so then i broke up with him a week ago bc he wouldn't talk to me.
i don't want any part in raising a child.
hillary clinton spends busy day fueling speculation, not ruling things out
&#x200b; anyway, i thought of sending him an email basically saying that.
just a few minutes ago, i was ordering stuffs from audible.
mind, we never signed anything when we moved in here, least of all anything relating to a deposit.
aita for stopping all communication with my ex-best friend?
i tried being understanding, i assumed that he had eaten some mystery meat dish of some sort and not found out what he had eaten until after.
report: universe to end next friday
i never met her, but she never did anything to hurt me.
hair carefully disheveled in 20-minute ritual
the whole ignorance is bliss sort of thing.
new rnc ad endorses roy moore: 'he's a scumbag, but he's our scumbag'
people on scooters driving directly down the middle of narrow foot traffic lanes and lanes for the rides which they then get off their scooters for and immediately hop back on to depart (and i don't mean people with actual handicaps that need assistance for any of this, i mean the ones that seem to fly solo dolo).
so, what we want is honesty.
the following is the text conversation that happened after she dropped our daughter off at school: [[[previous link to imgur]]] i re-read our conversation while editing it for imgur, and i **was** lecturing her a bit.
i honestly can't remember the last time i saw him but it must've been some time in the first half of 2018.
man's facebook status given book deal
well while it is stupid, i’m pretty sure that i may have accidentally said something to him that sabrina didn’t want me to tell jerry.
businessman mortified to discover he's been wearing suit backwards all day
i yelled "fuck this" as i left and drove back to my college dorm a couple hours from home.
aita for wanting to get rid of our cat?
after we returned back to the city that him and i live in, he informs me they are still "talking".
his most recent post is a side shot of him angled towards towards the camera giving the bird.
a lot of this is from family members "convincing" me that i should drive for the "sake" of my grandma.
palmolive attacks dawn for coddling grease
plo claims responsibility for bombing of krippendorf's tribe
i don't think its too disturbing for studying purposes and none of my other roommates complain at all.
i confirmed that she was on the timid side.
i have suggested her taking some time first looking for a position she likes that also pays well.
friends gf instantly screams, gets up, and hits both of our dogs.
i just can’t understand how a might think that i’d even want to drive to anyone’s house in the wee hours in the morning just to come right back home.
the one we currently have is called marvin, and we've had him for six years.
i feel that all of them would be a lot happier (including me) if we just cut our ties and went our own ways.
aita if i don't want my girlfriend to bring her cat when she moves in?
it smashed my fence, messed up my new (6 month old) siding, and punched a few holes in my new 1 year old roof (new plywood, etc..
on the same note, i'm also not one to ask for gifts from others.
man in suit makes decision affecting thousands of non-suited individuals
it actually annoys me more that the only women who've ever implied "liking" me where women who are turned on by femininity and women.
billcosby.com now somehow most eerie site on entire internet
aita for using a girl who liked me to get to her hot friend.
my fuckfriend was the trigger because he reminded me of when i had more liberty and more time for myself.
i work at a fairly shitty grocery store but it's only a few blocks from our place so i can walk there easily or bike.
i gave him the opportunity to match the offer, but he called me out for dishonoring our agreement.
i don't know if it's worth bringing this up so i can have some catharsis or if i should just let sleeping dogs lie.
she can taste and smell a dish and then turn around and recreate it, or even make it better than the original.
goldman sachs announces they're blowing up a nursing home and there's nothing anyone can do about it
or just me telling you about it all?
we had planned to do something special and have him see all his kids and grandkids in the span of a few days, like a birthday week.
kfc responds to stockpiling trend with 576-piece bucket
i cannot rationally explain my phobia, or peoples desire to wear jewelry.
we met a year later and started dating.
to me she chose to come here.
the way i look at it, he borrowed money and stiffed me on the payment so i got it anyways.
he did not let me breakfast before basically throwing me out for being an ungrategul person.
\-the magazine i'm starting will be partially devoted to charity (20-25% of all profits to a different charity every issue) \-i'm planning to, if i reject submissions, offer critiques of the work submitted so that the submission fee doesn't feel like money in the trash \-basically, the cover-art-submitter wouldn't be any less paid than anyone else in the entire magazine for the first issue.
this did not change when they got into a relationship.
report: russia managed to penetrate voter databases in order to ensure election was fair and free like the loyal allies they are
i told them i can be fine by myself, and that i refuse to have a babysitter under any circumstance.
world gets first-ever look inside greenspan fantasy ranch
pence passing time during trump's speech by mentally baptizing senators
it turned out i didn't even have to go to her house as someone had woken up early at my household and decided to pick me up, so i just waited in the bus terminal.
edit 2: i forgot to add an important part of the story in that he found out by snooping in my phone without permission.
gross doctors recommend drinking 8 warm cups of clam juice a day
smiley face doodled on check commemorates undeniable chemistry between waiter, ericson family
well, neighbors just got a pit bull
area man can't imagine life without this woman
aita for not saying "thank you" after returning a book i borrowed?
obama practices defiant speech to aliens late at night behind oval office desk
and whenever i suggest we get busy with its a stern no followed by a barrade of how rude it is to assume that just becasue she is naked we should have sex.
my thought process was that she had no need for a key because there has never been a time that she was at our house with no one home (husband always picks her up for his weekend visits).
one-year-old still waiting for father's first words
she's about a 5/10, but it's totally fine and her personality is a 10!
1 brother (called b) and to sisters (there need no name for this) she is a single child.
on the rare occasion he is free to play games with her and talk to her on skype.
i yelled "what the fuck?!" and she just looked at me confused, as if she didn't know what could have possibly bothered me.
eventually, my boyfriend did catch my friend sending me a message, and got upset.
he used the words "you are 10/10 in my eyes" so i guess i finally got what i wanted, but i don't feel good about it because of how i treated him.
she she drove in traffic to hair appointment in brooklyn spent 3 hours and drove another hour and a half in traffic to come home and complain that i did not stay with her she was sick and i choose to do fun things with my friend.
also from the uk for legalities sake.
maximum age for strollers raised to 8
when she wears her belly button ring that i once enjoyed i now feel very put off.
new poll finds 74% of americans would be comfortable blaming female president for problems
i feel awful about the whole thing, but i still think that she should have asked someone, even if it wasn't the teacher, about the lesson, and i've agreed to help her out with the lesson.
elderly parents staying active by frequently going to friends' funerals
i didn't want to leave it in the cold so i got it to jump i'm my car and i was going to try to find a place for it.
lice having blast trying out different wigs at costume shop
so there is this fat guy sitting next to me everyday in school.
we live in one of the newest buildings on campus.
aita for not buying a homeless man food this happened to me like two weeks ago, i am a college student and in my college town there are numerous homeless people just off campus.
so we assume that something happened to force this.
local restaurant makes foolhardy attempt at second location
he told me i was a terrible son, and that i should be ashamed of myself.
i got really pissed and just posted general asshole things to my spam.
i just felt like fucking someone else's life up.
clinton pours malt liquor on ground for dead homies
burger king introduces new healthy deep-steamed french fries
aita for wanting my grandparents out of my house?
of julia: julia is an arts student who is part of the lgbt community and once likened thomas edison “ a man who stole other people’s ideas and took credit for it” to “basically all white men”.
he's told me about some pretty blatantly racist and violent stories, about mexicans on construction sites, african-americans while in prison, etc.
after careful thought, teen applies to college where family donated building
amtrak passengers treated to whirlwind tour of poor people's yards
i didn't mean to say that.
vatican on sex abuse report: 'listen, no normal person is going to sign up to be a priest'
we didn't get anywhere as he kept making excuses not to talk to him about it and ask his friend to tone it down.
hence how his stuff ended up there.
'it's a privilege to have worked with such talented people,' says coworker getting the fuck out of there
hertz introduces short-term rental for just driving around to clear head
tl;dr i fed my friend false information for 6 weeks and basically convinced him he caused my family financial stress as a joke
i complained coming in that snot rags dont count as recycling neither.
i will state for the record that i have no problem with my girlfriend having male friends.
the daughter was quiet the entire time and i overheard the father tell her to sit down and be quiet and no more play time.
harper lee announces third novel, 'my excellent caretaker deserves my entire fortune'
i had my license taken away due to seizures a few years ago, with the help of good meds i've been able to get the seizures down to 12-15/month.
&#x200b; enter pedophile friend of friend, who not only disagrees (which is fine, debates happen)...but goes off about how i'm clearly a racist.
18-year-old fighting in afghanistan has 9/11 explained to him by older soldier
a house with some big spiders scared her a bit and after that she wanted to be carried until she was pretty close to the door depending on the decorations used.
i tried to share my own, but she pretty much told me to stop whining.
then, next trimester comes and the exact same thing happens.
do = dog owner m = me do: your dog needs to be put under control.
one thing led to another and we ended up sleeping together.
said friend told my wife i'm no longer allowed.
i was furious and got into a series of huge arguments with my parents.
i can handle people who don't like me due to my orientation, but people who attack my marriage hurt a lot worse.
she's usually very funny and laid back, just nice overall.
new evidence suggests early humans first used fire to impress friends
report: shopoholism may have killed the shoposauruses
her memoir was titled “survivor” and was about the car accident, and made multiple references to sally’s experiences with ptsd.
joe paterno's name to remain on joe paterno center for covering up sexual abuse
she was always on my mind.
i was pretty upset about that, but i didn't see any way to help the situation so i just said "okay" and vowed never to express how i feel again.
report: gen x irony, cynicism may be permanently obsolete
a stay at home dad this last year and now...here we are.
so this "relationship" continued for a few days, with her telling me she loves me, calling me her boyfriend, telling me how much she liked me, etc...
aita for trying to convince a girl i would be a better fit for her than her current boyfriend?
surgeon general confirms a bit of blow here and there won't kill ya
makeshift opinion thrown together from viewpoint currently dominating conversation
tv showdown expected as 'sleepy hollow' debuts tonight against hbo's 'ichabod,' tnt's 'headless horseman,' showtime's 'cloaked rider'
rumsfeld equally proud of all his wars
i was caught off guard because i expected only light drinking but they were having the very thing she swore off - tequila.
tenants feel guilty asking elderly maintenance man to fix anything
i get an epiphany that if i do a good job on this, she'll get all the credit(it is her project after all) because no one is bothered about the technical aspects.
dripping-wet josh holloway enters local restaurant
direct marketer offended by term 'junk mail'
trump announces he'll pay legal fees of any rally attendee who beats up ted cruz
aita for being a bit upset at my so's weekly use of pto?
it might sound vain but i also took a lot of pride in being a very good looking couple.
our conversation lasted a while and was a little long, before she just decided to simply stop talking to me, so i'll try to summarise it: she didn't like me using the word nonce because it shouldn't be something you should joke about.
a threat is an expression of intent or suggestion to cause harm or pain, which i did not do.
especially since she ended up sleeping with my friend, in my living room, the night she ended things with me a second time.
scalia goes on abortion bender after being passed over for chief justice
i love my daughter but she’s my only girl.
aita for being mad at my parents for not getting me a car for graduating my parents are separated, and have been for many years.
family of congressman glad he finally found outlet for his racism
association and lease are strictly no pet.
i however am not, at all.
2 days ago i stopped talking to him.
wacky morning zoo crew dj threatened by younger, wackier morning zoo crew dj
just a bit of relevant background first.
she gets a small disability allowance, and apart from that they pay all her bills.
couple at point where they're comfortable using toilet at same time
now, i feel a particular sense of disgust when i see those who are morbidly obese or smoking.
yes he's still too little to really understand what smoking is but he won't be forever.
she ended up finding out and treated me like shit from then on.
my wife had no intention of staying there while they were there too, so we was very upset by this and pleaded with me to find a hotel instead.
we were talking about how i needed help learning the language and where im struggling and other stuff.
sentient couch thinks it would look good over by the window
i refused, and told him that he already ate an entire bag and the lame excuse that he didn't offer me any chips either.
shingles sufferer sick of explaining what shingles is
bald man just going to have to accept entire head will turn bright red from time to time
woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
aita for never wanting to date any girl who claims to be "bisexual"?
i had just been on the phone with my boss, too, and thankfully, they didn’t start while that was happening.
its about as sacreligious as you can get without being religious.
because of the time difference between her and her brother (7 hours) it can be difficult to arrange these sessions.
the bicycle track has a seperate lane.
fast forward to today and the snow has melted.
that is not to say that i'm ungratefull for what everyone offers me (home, food, internet), i never complain, and i rarelly spend money since i dont leave my house really.
dan coats lifts junior senator onto his shoulders to give better view of state of the union
so why should i sacrifice time if it brings me absolutely nothing?
sheepish secret service agent can't explain how vacuum cleaner salesman got into oval office
i was very angry at the moment, then i wrote a giant text offending everyone, with their phone numbers at the bottom, and posted at a facebook group.
a cuckold is a guy who enjoys other men fucking his wife or gf, a bull does the fucking.
we used to have sex about 3-4 times a week.
family worried where grandma going with conversation on low-income housing
i have written them about 3 letters in the past asking them politely to stop making noise/ask their children to stop making noise as per our strict noise code.
i mention a few times that i could help her if she took the car seat out of her car (it clicks with a push of a button) i could be there.
word 'presumptive' prepares for another 4-year hibernation
his son's concerned that we're going to break up and has flat out said that he doesn't want us to.
when i finally started to get bitchy he got my point.
retreating clinton campaign torches iowa town to slow advance of sanders volunteers
more recently, i've expanded my horizons.
my pov: wife does not need to be at bedside 24/7 if sister is recovering well and mom is there.
edit1: i forgot my gf knows my reddit account hi dani!
also on mobile so excuse my formatting hear me out.
i don't have direct access to her account as she has now blocked me, but here's how the conversation went: me: hey, i noticed something, your account constantly talks about how you're "ugly and stupid" but when you're in public you try to verbally abuse them as much as you can, even though they haven't done anything?
woman informs husband that he made new friend
tl:dr aita if i reduced daughter to a hysterical mess over her refusal to throw an old flier in the bin.
when they come back in and see that their glasses are only comprised of ice and a straw, the reaction is one of anger and disgust.
aita or would i be the asshole if i just ignored what she said and let this girl stay...
and one time, we called and they got a fine.
another commenter told me it wasnt healthy that i didnt want my girlfriends to fuck other guys.
i believed that when we had time, we would spend it together.
new york times adds color to target under-70 demographic
not the people i would sit with at an event * d often creates group chats that include r, j, n, a, himself, me, and many others.
aita for wanting to break up with my bf for not upholding his end of our agreement?
i may accidentally conjure self-judgement in their mind if say they want to be friends and i say no, they may feel like they did something wrong for me to be so busy i cant have friends, which to them would not make sense.
then f left the party and the other two people told me i was a major asshole.
another complicating factor was i found out i had genital herpes and had misled him about my last testing date and c was afraid he caught it (turns out he didn’t).
i had literally no clue why she called the best way to be sure was to call, which is exactly why i called him: look, that's the only conclusion i can reach.
tl;dr so basically, about oct 2018, i'm scrolling on instagram and i see an account that hella people i know are following.
trump base celebrates president for standing up to constitution
my friend was driving me home and on the highway i opened the window and threw up outside.
i admit i thought she was taking it too seriously, and thought it was mainly down to her issues with older men, but i asked him to stop and for the most part he did.
a little shit smeared on the passenger side window (the side next to the sidewalk) would have gotten the message across, been easier to clean, and wouldn't leave the driver compulsively smelling their fingers the rest of the week to see if they still smell like dogshit.
obviously she's very happy as she thought she was going to be going alone and i'm happy because i get to see an old band that i used to like and get to spend the night with an old friend.
he didn't stop or retort but clearly went in feeling superior.
things have been smooth sailing since then.
think stuff that is just a tad more than a typical friend would be easily willing to do.
voice coming from dnc sound system during sanders address clearly hillary clinton's
and i agree with what a lot of people said about dropping her off at some kind of business somewhere else.
so this happend when i was 13.
just a little background, my so have been together for 7 years.
we are doing long distance because she went to college with her sister while i stayed behind to work full time.
nonprofit places burnouts in jobs you can do blitzed out of your mind
the last case that i was entering (it was a particularly difficult one to finish) ended up taking me 3 days.
like the real reason i didn’t want to appear on social media together was because my ex does not know about my current partner.
it hurts to feel like there are two separate entities of a person you love.
at first it was kind of...cute i guess?
his mistress acted just like hops did, like she did nothing wrong and deserved all the sympathy.
winner didn't even know it was pie-eating contest
i thank you all, idk if i really wanna forget her, but i know is a long process.
50-year-old prince licks aarp representative's face
stressed-out cvs back to selling cigarettes after only 3 months
man having a great time will soon have to apologize to everyone
i wouldn’t call him “nice,” but i would say he became invested in my athletic career and gave me helpful pointers, but it was primarily to preserve his reputation at our high school/college.
he talked about how the school makes him depressed and he doesn't even want to wake up in the morning or go anywhere.
area man much happier, more relaxed since joining cult
there’s just something about her personality and importantly her body that drives me absolutely nuts and right now i can't even dream of being with someone else.
they started doing the right thing.
she said she swears by that, i asked had she been tracking these home-cooked meals correctly as i know how difficult they can be to keep track of, she swears she has been doing that correctly as well.
aita for not allowing my 12 year old daughter to stay the night at her lesbian friends house.
bush attempts to distance self from yet another failed business
every time i try to organize something to do with him, like we used to do before this stuff began, he just says he's busy.
area man maps out drinking strategy
then my aunt goes on this whole rant about how tristan is just like us and that he just wants to hang out with his cousins for once.
polling booth completely disgusting by time last voters get there
i gave him the bird as i was slowly losing my cool then he continued to taunt me “cone here pussy, come play with me ya little queer” etc etc and i lost it.
the parents sat my wife and her sisters down and told them that it was their responsibility to forgive him and to move it.
anyways, i tried not to let it bother me.
but as it was we usually just asked for cash in lieu of a tv or whatever to buy extra christmas for my own son.
if i'm being completely honest, it was a fucking blow, like i didn't even mean anything to him to be worth a fucking text to know he was okay.
her lack of nutrition caused growth stunting.
doctor has troubling amount of available appointment slots
she then decided to come to nanjing, so we wait for hours for her to come, as she didn't book it in advanced and got a later train.
woman tragically succumbs to natural hair color
the drug made me horny, and you skip the awkwardness when you fuck a friend.
anyways the complex is really cool because a lot of places won't let you work on your car, well i can pay an extra premium every month to get a mechanics spot under shade.
sick man slowly becoming enthroned in used tissues
i can convince dh to go but i'm having second thoughts now.
that was a few months ago, he's come back once, but it was for work and no nobody has really seen him...
she was really keeping my hopes up (and we did flirt a bit anyway) but still doesn't like me.
she said that in a pretty aggressiv way so i didnt said anything.
it was a tough 3 months of summer for him because he was also going to classes and she always caused trouble whenever he got home.
when i expressed that to her, she kind of put her foot down and was like “yeah, you can’t tell me what to wear, and i’m going to my best friend’s lingerie party”.
due to family problems, britney canceled all of her vegas shows.
after this most of them turned on me, especially after i regretted it, because now i started to get the cold shoulder from most of her friends.
so here we are, a month later, we haven't spoken about it since and i am still mad.
i only ever reviewed his bank account after right after he revealed his infidelity (1.5 years ago) with his consent, to help restore trust and ensure that there wasn't further deception.
i did apologize because i didn't want to ruin my friendship over something that i knew was small in the grand scheme of things.
my son was visibly upset by this, and said "but you're going to be grandparents.
senator can't believe he has to come in on a wednesday
shortly after she told me she had feelings for me i told her the same and after talking for a bit we agreed that we both wanted to give it a chance so agreed that next weekend we would meet and try going on a date.
we kept in touch through social media frequently as we lived in different parts of the country.
he asked if i left and i told him that i was about to.
this girl and i were both pretty drunk when she introduced us.
(excluding her family) to be absolutely clear, the rule means to not be completely alone.
she is my first proper girlfriend and i’m really enthusiastic about our relationship.
christian bale visits sikh temple victims
trump slams worldwide jewish conspiracy for not doing more to prevent synagogue shooting
she does not make my roster.
huckabee sanders repeatedly insists that president's footprints created the great lakes
i went to bed, with her and my friend (who we'll call kyle) slept on the couch.
report: get back to fucking work
we discussed what reasons could be behind there and 10 minutes later when i said ,,a healthy relationship is based on how much vulnerability are you ready to show and the pain that comes with it to take." i told her that i fully trust her she won't cheat on me.
the cops escorted him off the bus after putting him in handcuffs “for everyone’s safety” and talked to him outside.
i'm very quiet, keep to myself, and try to be nice to everyone.
one time, i was drawing random stuff with cool guy when he appeared, and he told cool guy to draw a face based on his description.
am i being entitled for being mad by this?
romney takes in more money than obama for 612th consecutive month
i turned it off straight away but after that it wouldn't turn back on.
tonight, my sister, her friend, my brother and i were playing and right on que he quits while running off to play fortnite.
my first intuition is that i have to do well on my part, as well as to derail her to have a shot at the job offer.
john kelly hoping prejudiced anti-immigrant comments got him back on trump's good side
trump administration denies president was behind jared kushner's promotion to 4-star general
but despite that, we’re supposed to be a team.
hopeless resignation receives massive post-debate bump
this hurts but i think being truthfully honest about the situation and at the start of the relationship is better.
we made out for a while and it was really nice; i would have been happy with that, but he kept offering to give me head.
anyway, i’m in canada, and i’m not sure about all the provinces but in mine we have grades 1-12, grade 12 being the last year.
the problem is that os and stepdaughter never knock when they stop by.
i knew he had a gf named hops (20f) when i first met him.
usa original movie not that original
but since he found out i was at my house he: - some how got my mothers phone number and is now calling her for my stuff.
now, early morning one day, someone starts ringing into my door.
rob schneider lands role originally written for chimp
i told her she could stay if that was true.
mom apologizing for going through menopause
this surprised me as she never even hinted towards the fact that she was even as the such.
i said that it was fine.
i asked him to get off of the game immediately but he just refused to get off so i punched him in his and said "i'm gonna keep punching you until you get off".
fast forward to today he messages me for the first time since the morning afterwards for 40 dollars for the balloons where i argued he was being unreasonable to ask for the full retail price of the balloons and helium he paid for.
for obvious reasons- but also because my parents have decided to pay full tuition for college- this is terribly worrying to both me and my parents.
but, things like that, and he'll just randomly change words in his sentences.
even thinking of it now kills me.
maybe someone with a better moral compass would have immediately messaged the company and informed them of the mistake...
so now were broken up and i told her i want the gifts, including $200 coach sunglasses, a $200 fitbit, among other things, back from her.
friends, family waiting for current bout of man's depression to subside before really laying into him
what mom would have wanted evolving over course of funeral planning
judge restricts roger stone's travel between fox news, infowars studios while released on bond
this is where my problem starts, i know that, he is my brother, he showed no signs of being a girl at all, especially after attending an all male school, he has every male characteristic under the sun and the last thing anyone thinks of when looking at him is that he is not a girl.
>him: i think that it’s not that you’re not engaging but that you might run for players that just like combat.
i didn't say anything because i have the social skills of a broken dust pan, and just kind of left her to sit.
faa study finds 64% of engine failures caused by henchman being kicked into turbine
police sketch artist admits to only drawing people who have wronged him
hubble space telescope finds men from venus, women from mars
amy klobuchar pledges to fight everyday americans
now that her dad isn't giving her the money she needs, and she really can't pay the credit card on her own, she is asking me to pay for it.
i put them in the bin, often wrapping tampons with pads or toilet paper.
we have a loving relationship, so i doubt she’ll just leave and never come back.
toddler at that cute age where anything can be projected on them
report: nation getting out all its aggression during monthly calls to wireless provider to fix service
what is reddit’s judgement on the ethics?
sun myung moon funeral to be all weird, sources report
however i made the point that we should wash our dishes immediately after use in the upstairs kitchen, something m agreed too.
i'm just not good at starting things.
so, this is more of a "way of life" type of post and im genuinely interested in starting a discussion on acceptable behaviors in this manner.
if i go hide in my room all they say is, i ruined christmas by being "anti social" ...
please enlighten me, i will answer any question for clarification.
the second reason was that the head of the department feels that this is an enjoyable new experience for the company, and though it might create issues for me, the head guy really loves what improvements it has made.
most of the family understands that he pays the bills as best as he can, and provides for my step-sister and their two kids.
they brought me a list of items and i’m wondering if anyone wants to help out?
usually i'm the reason a fight starts because i do have a hard time letting some things roll off my back (i am working on it and getting much more patient!) so i get initially a little upset.
and my rent stayed the same.
this is basically what i said: “you justify to us not buying christmas by saying, “i don’t have money.” which is exactly what you said to us last year.
i told him i didn't want our dinner interrupted by him and his daughter walking in mid-meal.
i said i have their characters so i could trade for characters they have).
i have bronchitis right now so after the doctors my wife and i went to walmart.
i say, "thanks." nothing else the whole night.
she then replied with something along the lines "what is there to talk about?
these include: taking spontaneous pictures and leaving the house without prepping too much (beyond good hygiene).
my dad started dating a new lady after my mom and dad split and i'm with each of them half the time.
rape is obviously wrong and id never do it, but i still have these feelings.
compassionate fisherman doesn't have heart to throw trout back into incredibly polluted lake
my dad was about to take him to the vet then he came out of it, so he diddnt.
alex trebek deftly prolongs agonizing small talk
i told him that i see ted from frozen leaving our freezer every now and then.
i was not particularly close with this girl, we just lived together but didn't hang out outside the house so i wasn't that concerned with maintaining a friendship.
i made a joke about kissing a random girl and she believed me at first but then i told her i was messing around with her.
if something is hurting me he claims that the faces i make are unattractive and i need to stop behaving like a child.
then comes my cell phone plan, that we all entered into before we broke up.
i can't go fast because of my weight and i try to but every time i do i get clumsy.
he's asked me to help him start a youtube channel.
our relationship started off very informally but we really hit it off and wanted to stay together.
which i kind of regret, because she latter used my apology as more validation that everything she does is ok.
we are busy adults and we have little time for ourselves, and game nights are how we all unwind and have fun.
i told them that i'll do my best to get it done tomorrow but i work and have class.
when we get our food i usually want to try some of what she ordered because it looks good.
dying baboon pretty low on heart-transplant list
(nowhere near their real names) also i'm bisexual , that will be important later on.
he tried to pick me up to get me off the ground and force me out, and that's when my dad got out of the car and screamed at him "get your fucking hands off my daughter." i eventually left without anything, him and my dad got into a text argument and we both blocked him on everything.
he told me he was hesitant to live with his partner so young but he had no other options, so i supported his decision.
which was also a low blow to us, because my son loved that pitbull and he was so upset once he heard about the neighbor and it reminded him of his dog.
man unnerved by uncanny alternate universe of restaurant's second location
this has continued without his boyfriend knowing that it wasnt a one time thing.
i still can't tell if i am truly a scumbag or not.
the thing about my boyfriend is his specific quirk i’ll call it.
i don't know the details of their relationship, but it seems they've been together for a while.
guy: what do you mean "what am i doing" it's a green light you weren't moving!
maybe like once a month they message to catch up and chit chat.
so i had a date planned our for last night.
i dont get it as to me it's sweet and endearing.
i dont respond, bc i didnt know what to say tbh.
510 chuck e. cheese tickets blown in grape-soda induced frenzy
aita for requesting this from my friend who lives with me for reduced rent tldr; friend lives with us for cheap rent, reacted furiously to my request to give my long distance wife and i a day to ourselves in our home and asked that we do not do so again.
he thought that if she just found the right guy all her issues would magically disappear.
at this point i'm pretty sure she's going to douse them with water in frigid temperatures.
author to use water as metaphor
i've never tried any hard drugs or psychedelics, and have no firsthand knowledge of what it does to your brain.
>me: doesn't seem like they have a lot of confidence in me.
i don't make any moves or anything like that, but we've seen a few films together, hang out in the evenings, etc, but there is some tension (and frequency) that i don't notice with my other female friends.
nabisco snack physicists develop highly unstable quadriscuits
seasonal depression to take over for chronic depression for a few months
local man foremost expert on what the terrorists should do if they really want to hurt us
that person needs to understand he is in pain, and he often downplays that pain as to not bother or concern people with it.
well, doesn't area businessman look dapper for his big flight to philadelphia
but more than that, my friend has been chewed out by our higher ups, and what was once a competitor for a future promotion is now a disappointing embarassment.
aita for escaping a relationship like this?
groom admits bride could have looked a bit more radiant on wedding day
fda okays every drug pending approval, takes rest of year off
she took her baby to school because her daycare was on holiday!!!
first time we had sex i told her i wasn't ready for a relationship.
for our entire relationship, he's had crappy jobs and i've talked to him multiple times about trying to find something better.
aita for not proposing to my fiancé in the same place both sets of her grandparents and parents got engaged?
aita for inviting additional friends to a concert that were unknown to the first friend without telling them?
i talked to my friend for a short while and then asked the bartender for a drink because of my nerves.
congress reaches compromise to admit district of columbia into union as slave state
edit1 and 2: better formating and removed some info that was for someone else.
a quick backstory leading into this: over the weekend, my wife tells me that she needs me to reschedule my streaming on both monday and wednesday because she has a "team meeting" on both days from 8-11.
" bullied me out of the guild" is hearsay &#x200b; &#x200b; her: maybe in his opinion you did.
and of course the money issue as well, i am staying home with our son right now and smoking is an expensive habit.
i was unhappy with that and countered and asked isn’t there anything more that you can do for us?
and only lord knows whatever happens in the bathroom.
our cat won't like it either, and just in general the time and effort it'll take to get used to this new dog will just be too much.
aita for disagreeing with my manager regarding my job title and duties?
where most of her side of the family still lives.
anyways, now all my friends know who he is and i have begged them to add him to our group chat, but they refuse.
aita for wanting a fun week with my kids, even though i let the chores slide a bit?
frontier airlines tells customers to just fucking deal with it
for some reason he got kinda mad about it and asked what i meant.
&#x200b; tl;dr: classmate butts her nose into a conversation that doesnt concern her regarding my privacy and comfort around being topless in front of my classmates.
study links binge eating to stress, contentment, depression, joy, boredom, anger, relaxation
sleeping middle-aged businessman in airport suddenly so childlike, so vulnerable
we have open communication, trust and even have fun sexcapades with other women occasionally.
i went out the my grandparents and wanted to get some parts for my laptop and besides that, cash.
sometimes when she is in the right mood she stays away from un healthy foods, and sometimes she doesn’t care.
whenever my grandparents come to visit from outside the country, they stay with us, and i'm usually the one to give up my room for them to stay in, and i sleep in the extra bed in my sister's room while she is at her college.
after my transaction with her i walk around to the other cashier (which is one of the coolest people there, he has even given/let me use a lighter before) and ask for the black & mild which he agrees to and proceeds to cash me out.
lastly she said “ i can’t take little criticism” to which i responded “ye ik lol you gotta learn”.
cast-off paris hilton skin found in upper west side park
ceiling fan transforms apartment without air conditioning into frosty wonderland
i don't think any of the models were over the age of 24.
father showing kids 'field of dreams' for first time unaware kevin costner sparking son's sexual awakening
get friend to contact her via instagram, she takes the bait because she desperately wants a boyfriend, 7 people yell at her for faking depression and taking it seriously.
but we would have to try to find a table with people we don’t know and basically avoid my friends the entire night.
area man determined to make the best of situation comedy
las vegas casino owners announce plans to tear down don rickles
this i admit was kind of petty, though i didn't curse or raise my voice.
they're upset with me and are saying we should either cover the cost of them not coming or find another place ourselves but i think thats unreasonable.
still she's a sensitive person and i'm sure her feelings of sadness are genuine.
she was sad and did her usual tricks to try and get me to stay, and i fell for it and told her we could check in on each other once every few months.
aita for debating with my friend then calling her out ok i’m in high school and all these kids were posting on there stories “unborn lives matter” so i make a post about being pro choice.
aita for staying in my home after separation and making wife move out.
monopoly releases special 'regular monopoly' edition
annoyed boss can tell employees watching ncaa tournament on his computer
and besides, getting a cute puppy is hardly the worst thing to happen to anyone.
mother knows perfect picture to publicize if daughter ever abducted
charlton heston's gun taken from his cold, dead hands
new 'game of thrones' trailer confirms season 8 will reveal identity of sword-covered chair
woman spends entire date wondering if this the one she'll mace
i will also mention he survived cancer, so thats also there for making me the morally wrong one.
we recently broke up and i found out a few months later that he cheated on me 2 years into our relationship and it hurts me to even think about.
twenty minutes later she fell asleep, still completely spread out, with her headphones in.
completely out-of-control cell phone nearly vibrates itself off table
she didn’t see it the way i did, labeled me a racist, and left abruptly.
bunch of people apparently saw that brendan fraser mummy movie
local extension cord blasted for failing to reach outlet
then arthur asked jack to try and call someone to pick him up.
i can see myself marrying this girl, and i want her to move in with me.
i prepared for it the whole week leading up, i stopped all other substances, meditated, ate well, worked out a little and got plenty of sleep.
i said to her that i would not accept that my gf met some guy many times a week.
bus rider clutching head in pain completely ignored
on top of working, i will have to take over her half of the chores and keep the house together for the week.
i think he is the asshole since he completly ignores the fact that his children get bullied and i just try to help them.
32-year-old actress dies of old age
i work a very stressful job.
ice cube thrown into sink flies up side like skateboarder shredding half-pipe
excited juror feels like murder trial being put on just for her
sorry for such a long post, but aita for not really wanting to be in my friend’s wedding given all that?
is it wrong if i'm willing to put up with some false positive but my coworkers are not so okay with that?
i broke up with her because we were in a long distance relationship for 2 months (we both had to go different colleges) and i felt extremely depressed (being in a new environment, not knowing anyone or anything, being alone) and confused about life.
so i was on instagram, randomly browsing to get sleep, when i realized a post of hers, saying something on the like "i'm really happy to you being inside me, my princess" or something like that.
so aita for screenshotting her texts?
&#x200b; the real reason why this is bothering me because if this relationship is for the long run, he will impose me to get married in a church, and that the children will be raised in his faith.
a redditor once said that it would be easier to modify the structure of the gorillas exhibit than a behavioral change.
hungover michelle obama packs leftover inaugural ball hors d'oeuvres into sasha's lunch box
fine!" and took a whole bunch and gave them to me.
we both hit it off pretty well.
it has gotten to a point where i honestly do not propose to watch a movie if its later than 9 just out of fear that she falls asleep (and i'll be frustrated).
man takes parents on tour of city where he came to escape them
his nails are clean and clipped but he doesn't take care of his cuticles.
i'm especially skeptical if the dog isn't a working dog like a lab or a german shepherd.
my close family knows the deal, i fuck with you in person or not at all, it's just how i do things.
so, my best friend is getting married in 10 months.
so was not pleased but i do not want to feel like i am feeding people who can't bring something adult to a holiday dinner.
i ask him if he is interested in any hobbies but he really isn't.
man pours all his culinary talents into inserting, removing pizza from oven
broke up with her that instant.
i've got a full day and am disinclined to say yes.
i asked my boyfriend for permission to roleplay sexual encounters over text with this person in an attempt to alleviate my frustration.
they had to reschedule their flight for another month until he gets better.
a good way to escape the idea, and create plausible deniability about her cheating.
we've been talking about getting a christmas tree today some time after my lunch plans, but never chose a time.
trump claims waterboarding doesn't come close to the excruciating torment he experiences at every moment
john kelly struggles to maintain believable trump impression during phone calls with parkland survivors
so i waited until they were done replacing bed bug things and shit settled down.
i kinda said "yeah, whatever" cause i didn't want to upset her nor wanted her to leave, we talked and laughed for hours after this.
they seriously believed that woman and not my mother, who's proved to be honest about so many other past things?
i work 2 jobs earning roughly 1100 a week.
jared and ivanka holding each other at gunpoint in kitchen after simultaneously revealing undercover identities
aita for trolling americans while on holiday?
you go around as many times as you can until everyone passes and then the next generation begins.
they just made fun of her for it.
anyway, things were generally good until one day i grew sick of living and decided i should just go off and take my own life, wrote a lovely ole note and everything.
nicole richie's beautiful figure ruined by pregnancy
aita for wanting to keep my desklight on when my roommate is sleeping?
he makes a rude comment to both of us as we pass.
new sitcom pulls back the envelope
it felt like this had all gotten completely out of hand over something very very minor.
she gets in the car and leaves.
the wedding is far away and would have to be a weekend trip.
tldr: mature 16 year old daughter wants to date, i won’t allow it because as bad as it sounds, she’s a girl.
am i the asshole for getting upset and quitting the game after having made a horrible trade that i had expected to get me to a better trade?
loser woman hasn't even inspired one bar fight
aita for buying my sil a handheld clothes steamer for christmas?
i was in john's new apartment and was just relaxing and hanging out.
russian interference had no impact on election, reports website created 8 minutes ago
a day or so later, he gets absolutely livid and goes on a rant in broken english about hating gays and how they should all die, etc etc.
then she says if i come over tomorrow we are going to fuck, plain and simple i was pretty shook like the fuck.
wibta if i viewed racists, sexists, and homophobes as less than human?
thousands of new orleans households still without political power
today particularly rough day for east village junkie transvestite
&#x200b; i still felt bitter about it though, and we kept discussing it afterwards.
she did increase the frequency, but we still disagree on it.
&#x200b; so i am fucking floored...
there is also a middle/high school nearby.
but i eventually got a better job.
pabst drinker celebrates pabst purchase with pabst
it's around dinnertime, and sam had bought me some souvenir type stuff the day before.
trump vindicated after rest of leaked recording reveals him urging racial reconciliation, calling for interfaith dialogue, condemning gender inequality
i have no problem with sexuality and sexual preference.
i don’t understand how me leaving my dog’s shit on her lawn would even impact her life or her ungodly lawn.
the edge still introducing self as such
investigators trace cause of notre dame fire to cathedral's outdated 12th-century electrical system
&#x200b; mom has a friend/relative (her first ex-husband’s sister, not related to me) that lives in a neighbouring country, “laura”.
when i get back to my room, i turn on my phone and i see the missed messages from her saying that she would be outside my classroom’s building waiting until my class ended with cookies she baked me for my birthday.
his mom left him and dh when he was a baby and dh raised him.
these are all facts that i accept and am now regularly receiving therapy for, which was first suggested by my parents.
onion social ceo addresses user privacy concerns by adding new 'are you sure?' prompt to doxing feature
society tea party spoiled by ocelot
i still want to be a total dick.
i knew the guys pretty well, but i never really talked to the girl until this past month.
turns out the girl quickly grabbed her and her boyfriend's coat so they could quickly get away without anyone else noticing.
&#x200b; the woman, however, insists, and when i ask why does she think it's my dog, she replies "because you're new here!".
i met my gf and ended things with my ex.
grad classes (unless they're combined/stacked) are generally never easy; they are so much more detailed, and they require a lot more work than undergrad classes.
i stated that i have trouble empathizing with kate because there are so many children out there who need parents, and that i hoped the show would address this perspective (it eventually did).
this absolutely the last time bouncer cleans up vomit
indian-american child having difficulty finding bicycle license plate with his name on it
sister (24) was on an empty stomach and had 5 drinks.
nyc park officials finally get around to replacing dead light bulbs in statue of liberty's eyes
aita for telling my group members i’ll go solo if they don’t put in more effort on an assignment so here’s what happened today in class our teacher gave us a two part assignment to find a movie scene and commercial and analyze the music used in them with the seven elements of music.
man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout cookie locator
i wasn’t the most helpful when i was there and he had to direct me as to what to do — i was still in shock at the events that were unfolding and the appearance of my wife.
she's felt more akin to a step-mum than an actual mother, and i don't share many interests or connections with her (far and few between).
and now that i’m 17 and old, i want to connect with my real mom more and part of that for me is respecting my true family connections that have been kept from me.
he did not take us even asking well at all.
one of his friends mentioned it in front of me and he was pissed.
3 friends and i move into an apartment.
she has openly told me that it makes her uncomfortable how i spend time with her.
new instant lottery game features three ways to win, 19,839,947 ways to lose
anderson cooper begins debate by giving trump opportunity to explain what the fuck is wrong with him
tim kaine found riding conveyor belt during factory campaign stop
either way it seemed like a bad time and i bailed.
i think there was something about my girlfriend being young and pretty that the cop was far more willing to take her side.
man runs out of questions to ask 4-year-old
i was always under the impression it just someone who wants to date both sexes (i also saw someone comment something about spectrums, i don't really know what that means) also to the people saying "why do even care?1>?1" because my brother is bisexual so it upsets me when i think someone is pretending for attention.
report: no gay people actually refer to selves as 'same-sex couple'
this went on for like 2 - 3 days, i was busy, she demanded affection, we only really talked at night and even then, i didn't really felt like talking and that she was taking all of my free time, she needed instant comfort, affection and reassurance so she wouldn't have a breakdown.
he has been baring the brunt of all the household decisions (fixing old ass plumbing, etc).
sessions defends separating immigrant families by citing senate confirmation vote
i knew the quarter had been extended, but were teachers still closing their grading books at the usual date?
deadline for prior user to remove clothes from dryer extended 5 minutes
sorority raises money at local stable with bikini horse wash
nation descends into utter moral chaos following 'dear abby' writer's death
and this is where it gets weird.
tldr: i call people monkeys when they make a fuckup.
conversations pretty limited when friend not in midst of crisis
they said that they were going to do a fifth year.
i’m not sure what happened but i doubt they would send that many cops cars or something.
white house lawn covered in congressional campaign signs
blender left on to keep cat company
i will apologize and ask her please don't be mad ill come right now but she just flips switch and goes full cunt mode.
this kid has been bullying my youngest because he's a 6th grader and all of this dumb preteen bullshit.
congress splits into male and female senators to discuss newest reproductive bill
it isn't something that normally happens.
families of missing flight passengers just hoping media gets closure it needs
first report on long-term effects of breakdancing released
chimp study on human-evasion response to feces-hurling nearly complete
at the end of the class, i cratered and offered a sincere apology for my apparently shitty behavior.
study: 82 percent of americans want to run over nathan lane with a tractor
my father is a retired leo (corrections) and when i told him he was furious at me as i committed a crime.
we had a massive make out session on thursday while we still had a private room.
once i recovered my pin i told them that, if they wanted, i was ready, but for whatever reason now my sister was mad, so my mother got mad at me cause of that.
hillary clinton clearly tailoring debate answers to unclaimed new york superdelegate
like i said, he's been my rock.
she got furious and i laughed because i thought it was funny that she got mad over cheese.
this started a heated argument where she claimed she was doing other housework and we didn't do our task when she told us.
roy moore under fire for new 'children are my future' ad campaign
however it develops, his argument ultimately boils down to "it's pto, it's fine because i'm still getting paid." then he gets mad at me for being upset.
i really want to but she says she's not ready yet and i tell her that's ok and we will of course wait for both to get ready, it's our first time after all.
boss wants friendly, relaxed company culture in place by friday
from her perspective, the fact that her friend had troubled her roommates added onto his already frustrating behaviour from that night.
she was very grateful that her roommates showed concerned and thanked them.
outdoor movie guest excited to watch barely audible 'back to the future' while sitting on tree root
my teaching partner wailed to me and told me to go after this child because she could not.
"so pope, were there any other women you were romantically interested in or involved with?" no there were no other women involved in this decision.
we now have what i consider to be a platonic friendship.
me and my (now ex) best friend had a recent fallout, mainly due to her lying/hiding things from me.
this entire dilemma happened on christmas too with both me and my sister apparently being mean granddaughters because we didn't want to send them a thank you text especially because we knew they would just continue to complain about how our thank you wasn't sincere.
* m knows me extremely well, she’s my best friend and we know each other extremely well.
zara came upstairs and informed me that she had gone back to the charity and apologised on my behalf.
i thought it was a good idea, so we did it.
anyways i have a trip planned out for a couple of weeks from now.
three boomers feared dead in jenga collapse
i'm even kind of ok with "psychics" because i think most people understand it in the same way as astrology.
in our family, when everyone is watching a movie, everyone has devices off, the lights are off, (at least for the most part, there are exceptions of course) and everyone watches the movie, it's a family activity we all participate in.
but she kept messaging me almost every day, except now more stuff like “i hope today’s not too bad” and “how are you?” stuff.
&#x200b; so here's the question: am i the asshole?
aita for shit talking ex friends i'm gonna rewrite this as short and sweet as i can a few months ago i lost my best friend after a long and close relationship, over..i dont even know..so i'll go over a timeline of sorts.
i have met his parent's and they are amazing people.
when i told my parents the full story they were mortified.
i just don’t want that kind of mean, biased negativity around my little one.
aita for dumping a guy i was dating for my ex okay, this is a slightly complicated story.
not the kinda expensive one i wanted to buy for myself these holidays, just a trench coat.
pfizer mercifully puts down another batch of trial patients
so it feels nice to have "validation" from other people that i am attractive (or at least worthy of compliments).
'the scream' returns from two-year vacation relaxed
kennedy curse sure taking its sweet time with rfk jr.
we live about 30 minutes away from each other so i haven’t seen him for a few days.
i am in rather good shape and he's overweight.
i told her about it and put all of the information into a group chat we have so we can all access it.
this was a different girl from before, and she regularly kisses male and female friends on nights out.
clinton gets box to put government's stuff in
inconsolable sarah palin opens up about sacha baron cohen betrayal to cardboard cutout of whoopi goldberg
smashed my face on my steering wheel and door.
after a short conversation explain the why's and when's, we went inside and had as much fun as you could possibly imagine with a group of high school girls trying to kill me with their eyes.
turns out she admitted to gaming the system so she can take her dog on the plane with her.
she doesn’t see it like that.
she calls it a "neck pop" where if she moves the wrong way, she'll tweak a muscle.
when i told him i didnt want to be called names, that i didnt call him names, he said he would call me a cunt whenever i am being one and he has no intention of refraining from this behavior.
i'm considering leaving him after this?
pissed too he couldn't send a damn birthday card.
she was not the former, and being the asshole that i am, i let her know this.
new roommate excited to bring robust puttering experience to apartment
also, this is a throwaway because most of the people on this quote are on reddit.
i told him that i would not allow him access to my account and that he didn't have the right even if he paid.
the seatbelt light was on pretty much the entire flight and people continued to get up and use the bathroom with no reprimanding or anything.
but none of them really fit my preferences and it ends up taking an extra month.
i was using a portable hotspot for facetime and imessage), and me claiming that i didn't know about my phone or the other elementary school.
but no way i'd let him touch me down there, if there isn't a manicure and proper cuticle care.
when we came back my dad told me that the cat seemed to be in pain so he gave him a painkiller that he had for his animals.
i helped her through her past traumas and was attemtping to help her focus more on school than on partying drinking and hooking up.
at first she moaned and said she'd only go "to have fun with her friends" and that she isn't "like that" though i know that her friends are a little promiscuous, but then changed her mind a couple months down the line saying that she doesn't want to, and that it's not worth "losing me" over it.
we started to think that he would put his discord server and his gaming servers over his friends.
i could've slowly coasted until he passed on the right, i could've sped up, i could've done a lot of things.
some of the kids who attend this school come from a kinda rough area.
i made a police report about it because he did actually have my work location and home address (my fuck up) but nothing ever came of it.
but i made another really dumb mistake.
later i complained how it was going to cost me 4 hours total to drive them to and from the airport by saying they don’t respect my time.
tl;dr: my fiance's mother sent us wisconsin string cheese and i unknowingly ate most of the package.
but i’ve promised myself i’m never going to date him again.
we spent the whole day walking in the park, talking about our lives, and learning about each other.
coach angry every player gets a trophy
aita for saying i'm not invested in stan lee's death?
i would never date her.” she later approached me after the game and told me that it really hurt her feelings.
i had a bit of situation recently at the entrance of my gated community.
frustrated jesus christ forced to find 22nd vessel for reincarnation after death of charles manson
none of area man's friends have ever seen him with shirt on
former presidents convene for liver spot summit
i brought it up to my dad, and he said that he had a car i could have when i went out to work with him over the summer.
area man visits haiti to check up on $10 donation
q-tips introduces new multi-speed electric ear swab
woman has few enough friends to consider confiding in sister
so it's been about a hour since they called it in, i go to the pharmacist, put down some other otc medicines on the counter and ask if they have it ready.
god feeling down in dumps after death of grandmother
pope francis delivers eucharist philly style
homesick trump stays up all night on phone with automated mar-a-lago reservations line
am i an asshole for speaking out or should i just chill?
toddler scientists finally determine number of peas that fit into ear canal
so she knew i would definitely have sex with her if she ever asked.
man just wants one trip to laundromat where he doesn't meet perfect woman
so talked to her on the side and told her i didnt like it all and if she was going to say anything, if not i was going to say something.
everyone knows university is for partying and having fun (i mean, other than, you know, studying).
her main argument is that i'm not saving for "us" (we're planning to buy our own flat) and that she doesn't have a say on our finances.
she would almost certainly die a very premature death.
first post, mobile user and not native speaker, so, sorry for everything.
i have never had any interest in history and as a result have really struggled with it therefore i don't really see a problem with doing everything in my power to get through the class and onto something i'm actually interested in.
🎉🎈 ✈️🏢✈️🏢🎉🎈 a-that’s fucked up a-no seriously dude.
now, i have never brought home a c in my life.
then i ended up breaking up with him a day later.
aita for resenting my friends because my bachelorette party wasn't a big/road trip?
i did with my other grandparents and my mom did also send a thank you text to the grandparents in this story until they asked if i could do it.
partly to get it off my chest and partly because this sub needs more assholes and fewer validation stories.
i tried to get him to study with me at some point this week but he would rather study alone and in his room.
&#x200b; friday while on a date with ernie, he told me that he heard about my empty nest and asked what i did with my time.
i don't want to feel like a third wheel in my own flat.
it needs a little back story or you guys won't understand.
aita for not wanting governments to support curing of diseases such as sma ?
(long) i do not deny that i can be an asshole sometimes, but aita for this specific stuff?
it's not that i don't like her anymore or want to go with someone else.
to his credit he gave me a heads up that he was going to be taking pictures of some of the things he planned to buy, just so that he could send those photos to the people downrange to make sure he got them what they wanted.
chuck schumer relieved he's never taken stance meaningful enough to have someone mail him explosive
he isn't a bad guy but he clearly has issues when it comes to honesty, especially in romantic relationships.
former conservative recalls belittling tirade from college student that brought him over to left
about a week before christmas she calls me and wants me to help her shop for this family she has adopted.
local muppet held for questioning in chicken sex ring
people bombarded me with questions and asked if i needed an ambulance but i just explained what happened and that everything is fine.
'run! run and never look back!' whispers heidi cruz while hugging carly fiorina on rally stage
based on what she says she had no real reason not to.
am i the asshole for expecting this of my girlfriend?
he comforts me and also starts crying because i refuse to tell him whats wrong and he hates seeing me upset.
about a month ago i was on bumble dating and a profile for her popped up.
i pretty much feel like an asshole.
these things may not individually bring me down but they seem to compound into anger that gets directed unfairly towards my girlfriend.
i just want to rip it all out
figured it's always good to get a second (or 5th) opinion, so here's what i posted on her wall.
decades of breathing really starting to catch up with chinese man
i chuckled and casually and sarcastically mentioned that they might want to read up on being in a relationship with a narcissist.
edit for clarification: i know that i was an asshole for not telling her when it happened.
crucifix a testament to man's wealth
i ended up keeping the item and will gift it to someone.
aita for judging people on the length of their starbucks order?
i ask him if he'd share the link with me and he "yeah for sure" and i thanked him and told him not to forget.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: i did - linked screenshot with my exact message of " citation needed " &#x200b; &#x200b; her: yeah, he definitely hates you.
report finds more americans putting off children until companies are ready
well, it turns out the patch they pushed just before release, almost completely broke the game's matchmaking.
but i love them and i love myself and i have been treated like shit for too long.
nigel farage dies of milkshake wounds
halliburton employee's pay docked for weeks spent as hostage
i was naive myself, and felt sorry for her but at the same time did not trust her.
*edit* arrived 10 minutes into the movie.
she told us that “everyone needs to have a set of waterford in their home.” i expect that she spent about $1,000 in total.
&nbsp; the rest of the day he called me until i finally texted him "please stop calling me and don't drive by my house.
man who skipped airport's moving walkway immediately realizes what an arrogant fool he's been
i do want everyone to know we talked it over more, and just said no to having guns in the house for now.
arab-american actually kind of enjoys always having 2 bus seats to self
authority figure demands to know meaning of this
god pledges $5,000 for cancer research
she sibling-zoned him (essentially a friend zone but treating him like part of the family, “you’re like a brother to me” kind of thing) super hard but he wanted a relationship.
so this story is a bit strange.
yesterday i caught him smoking and am considering breaking up with him.
&#x200b; eventually she started dating another guy her age (m19 lets call him mike), even though there was a kind of attraction between us, it was mostly platonic.
i also feel like it might be petty to bring this up?
i know breaking up with her would tear her apart as we have a plethora of future plans and have even talked about marriage, adoption, and moving internationally.
william katt programs own name into tivo
i am simply not attracted to "queer" women.
obama returns from trade summit with 5 stout ships full of cardamom, silk, and indigo
however, now that she's given birth and her stomach has mostly bounced back, she's gone right back to clothes that have her boobs hanging out, her midriff showing, or are so tight on her butt that she could split the seams if she sits wrong.
halliburton given contract to rebuild cheney
now let's consider the scenario where the man always puts the toilet seat down.
israeli government found to be in league with jewry
i spent a lot more time with him growing up, and, as a kid, i used to joke about him smoking all those cigars.
it was clear she didn’t want to talk about it or get into a confrontation with the woman recording.
i was in the bathroom at the time so i didn’t know who it could be.
me (f18) and my girlfriend(f20) have been together for about 11 months and have already been through quite a few rough patches, mostly because we are both very emotional and have a lot going on around us.
nation wonders how ad guys from vitaminwater do it
that includes going to senior prom.
this led to me not even trying to respond if he does it, with my dual logic being that it also might teach him to be a bit more serious.
old, wizened fantasy character confirms that the darkness is rising
this event occurred when i was 17 in junior college.
but don’t feel totally wrong because there are people to clean the theatres, most movie theatres seat like 30 people now and it’s not a big task.
tl;dr: did shrooms with friend, he didn't take it seriously and ruined it for me as he just cares about weed
north korea nukes self in desperate plea for attention
i planned to tell him in real life but my mother forced me to go to the hospital (mononucleosis) and when i returned home, he had left all these kind messages and i just couldn't wait two days to tell him.
at first he was just wearing it at home for dress up.
when i came out at 16 they all but cut me off i still lived with them and didn’t really have anywhere else to go.
he advised he had a new girlfriend and he was happy, however i invited him round and he accepted the offer.
i don’t mean that she has to wait for us to answer the door, but just as a warning that someone is coming into the house.
kenny chesney also poor man's kenny chesney
i know that sounds horrible but the longer i spend near them the longer i hate myself and feel like the ugly "dad-turned-woman" that everyone here sees me as (there's an ongoing joke that i'm basically chandler's dad from friends).
he says no and i do trust that answer.
i was angry and i snapped.
thanks to my schedule (currently working 3 jobs) the only day i have off with any free time is sunday.
it was a good time all around.
overpopulation of the earth: will it create valuable new markets?
now i’ve never been bullied myself, but i know that it must suck a lot and be very mentally damaging especially to a nine year old.
why couldn't she just accept that i was trying to be honest by saying i don't remember, but i'll clean it up?
i walked away and left her on the bench.
he doesn't exactly have a life outside of work, and comes home tired and emotionally drained every day.
the most common reason is that it was a derogatory term used to demean african-americans.
so at this point both of them were on my shit list so out of spite i told him that she had sent me nudes because i knew it would make him jealous and just ghosted after i saw his shocked reaction.
sorry this is such a rant.
james dyson meets in secret with alien ambassador to receive technology for new hand dryer
entire treasury department competing for same goldman sachs job opening
david lynch finally releases colorized edition of 'eraserhead'
i sympathized with her and went on eating my meal.
but the reason i stuck up for her was that she was literally just sitting there kind in her own business!
punxsutawney phil beheaded for inaccurate prediction on annual groundhog slaughtering day
shackled kerry looks on as chechen terror leader removes mask to reveal scarred face of former mentor
new kfc employee takes 'fry-q' test in employee manual
i mean she's 12, why on earth are we celebrating a child's sexuality.
so i look at her work (all our work was shared upon completion and after grading) and all her papers are super good and professional which seems off so i do a plagiarism check.
now he's asking me if the workload for another professor is less, and he's basing his class selection off of that.
so a year or two ago i hanged out (and still do) with a group of roughly 9 people at school.
my roommate’s in a fraternity and recently had “multi cultural” party, where all of the members (almost all white) would dress up and appropriate different cultures from around the world.
since now she didnt apologize even if we saw each other when i picked my girlfriend and kid up.
i always felt like the odd one out, but we were all still pretty close regardless.
aita if i don't want my wife to go to law school?
and since i knew it was a girl i tried not to stare.
i texted her again and was like hey are we calling or not?
he told me that he didn't even insult my grandpa, that i misunderstood it and that i overreacted and that i'm completely 100% at fault and to blame.
it has been expressed that going to bed at different times in a relationship can be detrimental to the relationship itself - it can spiral out of control and become a habit.
she had the same job the last 4 years, and she never act like this for work.
what she replied was that she doesn't want to spend time with me because she wants to see what it's like not being with me, since this was both our first real relationship.
she's said she cooked dinner and i wouldn't have to when i get home from work.
kavanaugh surprised senate not questioning fact he never went to law school
he just kept trying to talk circles around the subject but i just wasn't hearing it because very honestly, i don't want to be with a guy who owns weapons.
well yesteriday they showed up to his house at like 7pm, he wasn't there unfortunately, but his wife was.
throwaway because my s/o knows my account.
imagine what your dead dad must think of you being the school slut?
she had a motorized wheelchair and a ramp van that was installed on the passenger side.
ever since i did this speech my english teacher, who’s a feminist, has been clearly making my grades worse, been telling other female teachers to watch me and treat me worse, pick on me etc.
humiliated team of cuban doctors forced to continue treating long-dead fidel castro
idk if they have some situation worked out or whatever, but i felt i would have wanted someone to tell me when she was cheating on me.
so my father is involved in organized crime, grandpa was/is ((retired)) involved in organized crime.
area woman insists on helping coworker through personal crisis
i disagree with my father and my parents’ conservativeness, but have yet to vocalize said disagreements.
not a chance and to make it even worse he got right in the shower.
throughout the day i had been peaking in and out of the art room to finish my project after i had done all the work in the class i was in and would ask of i could go most of which said yes then i took it from class to class to try and get it think enough to go into the kiln and not explode something i had been avoiding all year long by the skin of my teeth.
area man growing a little tired of rushing home to hug loved ones
we did, and it ended up going much further than just what i suggested as the small thing, and it was in every way a positive experience.
she always used to message me during these events telling me "how boring it became without me and she doesn't enjoy it that much anymore" or just asking me how i am.
i knowing full well no one did the homework say "aren't you going to check our homework?" she thanks me for reminding her and checks each and everyone of the students homework pages.
'aha!' shouts devin nunes pulling back shower curtain in hopes of revealing hidden fbi agent
he's adamant that he's done nothing wrong.
u.s. takes out key iraqi bases in midnight raid
i leaned forward and limped my head downward, idk why, i guess i tend to lean into him a lot, but also when i do that i go limp too, idk why its stupid but idk if i was trying to just lean into him for comfort or if i was fucking around again.
aita for staying with guy friend?
wibta if i came and followed a plan to expose a creep lecturer?
bush vows to do 'that thing gore just said, only better'
new pixar employees required to watch adorable sexual harassment video
i know he masturbates and honestly, i look at porn, too.
new excedrin 'lights out' kills you dead on the spot
shelter dog eating own shit not exactly doing itself any favors
we met up and had a phenomenal time doing mini-golf and ice cream and honestly it was such a nice break from the usual tinder dates that i really started to like him.
tearful biden carefully takes down blacklight poster of topless barbarian chick from office wall
is it me or does twoxchromasomes actually have a point here.
at one point one of her friends posted a video to her story with my now ex girlfriend in it and she was smiling and having a good time.
he then tells me that i don't have a job, i don't help with anything and that i should do everything someone asks me, and that we live in a society and some shit like that.
inspired man bolts out of bed at 3 a.m. to jot down great new worry
so a little context, i am renting a room from a place i found on craigslist.
not snowing over here, man on phone reports
my own grandfather died and i didnt shed a tear once.
poll: majority of americans still remember where they were when gandalf fell into abyss
&#x200b; asks me in the morning, i heard you typing and looking up shit while in the call, i told her what i was doing.
we sit down and make out for a few minutes.
not too hard because he's almost 60 but barely enough to keep him away from me.
area article nauseous from constant scrolling
new aetna wedding registry lets guests purchase medical procedures couple picked out
which is totally not true or else i wouldn't be doing a long distance relationship with her, i love her very much but it mildly irks me that she makes such a big deal out of it edit: spelling & word choice
bruno mars takes home coveted 'least threatening artist' award at 2018 grammys
wheelchair-bound student would have preferred to sit out pep rally
my mom sneered at me and said "world's smallest violin." now for some background.
despite the hecticness, i haven't missed a day seeing our daughter in the nicu, and on most days spend at least 3 hours there, and up to 6-7 hours on the days where i don't have work.
at this point, i am almost completely packed, save for a few things still to round up.
am i the asshole for ghosting on her because she cancelled plans, even when she apologized and tries to set up a new date?
just sent me some screenshots &#x200b; &#x200b; me: just your guild members unable to control themselves, nbd.
woman finds it worrying that all of new boyfriend's previous relationships ended in breakups
i left them in town ( wife suggested i go home due to mood) and met them back at home.
woman only willing to learn new things in settings called boot camp
she said something along the lines of" oh, i'm so miserable i have to live an a hotel room my 6 bedroom house is gone.
i do all the cooking for the family.
she seems upset, so i walked outside and looked at her car but didn’t see any obvious issues.
i got a girlfriend and ever sense then i cant give a fuck who anyone but she likes." the got incredibly angry at me saying hes telling me something important to his heart and he wanted comfort in his friends.
ignoring people is the way i've protected myself since i was a kid.
aita for not sharing my food with my family?
woman's tan lines don't make any sense
like playing with them for a few hours before they go to bed is even remotely similar.
this rage was impotent, i just calmly sat down and smiled at them, inside the bar they couldn't do shit.
i also took his credit card without his permission and spend about $200 on things.
kirstjen nielsen reminds herself she a private citizen now after instinctively detaining mexican child on the street
a lot of her kitchen wares are stolen.
bags filled with sand still most advanced u.s. anti-flood technology
a few months before ss was released he met a gal (b) who worked at the facility and they became "friendly".
aita for being angry at my sister for not attending our fathers funeral because of his criminal history.
if i put too much weight on my leg, i'll collapse like a sack of warm truffles, and extended periods of standing/walking cause a sharp, grinding pain.
new online voting system allows millions of masturbators to take part in democracy
her: not what i meant but ok.
i didn't know what to do, if i should just ignore them or explain myself so out of quick thinking i just said "there were no fuckin' paper towels in the men's room" and they all looked less concerned but still freaked out.
so my emotional state was not well to say the least.
however, knowing he gets lazy about these kind of things, i took matters into my own hands after a day and posted it on a subreddit we both browse.
we in golden age of thing, guy who likes thing reports
wave of dread makes rare daytime appearance
no complaints if a remake of 'emma' with jon hamm and emily blunt got thrown our way, nation's girlfriends report
'if only sully had been flying those planes on 9/11,' grade-a idiot remarks
immigrant children terrified at ghastly visage of la llorona in detention center
petunia bf - someone who i really respect backed her up and i got really annoyed.
i’d like to clarify that i am 100% not racist.
man finally unpauses 'super mario bros.' after 18 years of chores
sw: excuse me- what did you just say?
man finds self back at porn store again
7th heaven celebrates 100th underage drinking episode
westboro baptist church not really sure why they're picketing allan arbus' funeral
but if it's going to be a shit show or rehashing things, there's no reason.
god admits stealing idea for messiah from zoroastrianism
man with flamethrower waiting for appropriate time to use it
but she's currently planning to go to new york right now, and has been on big trips with some friends.
inappropriate in the work place, yes.
i skipped my shot appointment this month and my mom is heated.
mike pence condemns female senators for wantonly sharing senate floor with male colleagues after dark
we eventually nailed down a time.
mortician always keeps hammer at tableside just in case one comes back to life
man turns vegetarian for 36 hours
trump suffering horrible indigestion after eating fresh, well-prepared state dinner meal
all-dad blues band a critical disappointment
newt gingrich: 'it's an honor to address a crowd that shares my utterly bizarre and unhealthy obsession with hillary clinton'
progressive parents refuse to tell child its sex
we all agreed we wanted the shared space “clean” but not spotless.
when her sister called around 1:30, i tried to convince her not to pick up and keep going, so she assumes i did the same with the other calls she received.
this will basically mean that by default if i wanna spend more time with our current dog i better start liking this new dog too.
man's only contribution to house search periodically telling wife he wishes he knew how to help
kid putting pencils between knuckles about to fuck someone up
tony's okay, but ike is someone both of us dont like tbh, we tolerate him cos he's pablo and wilson's friend.
my girlfriend has a male coworker ("mark") that she knew in college, they worked together on their semester-long capstone project for anthropology and then both ended up getting a job at the same place after graduating, so they are pretty close.
i'm not an incredible student in school, i get good grades and take honors/ap classes, but i don't have the honors kid mindset.
trump claims he can overrule constitution with executive order because of little-known 'no one will stop me' loophole
a way to avoid feeling guilty and not take responsibility it seemed to me.
the funny thing about this one is the text she sent them looked identical to what she sent me.
10-pack of swiss miss bracing itself to shoulder burden of holding together man's depressing holiday alone
report: 87% of goldman sachs employees began job with plans to take down company from inside
since then, my sister has made several snarky remarks about my inability to share food (i’ve never liked sharing food, and she’s always teased me about it, but the snarkiness has intensified since the incident).
i resist but then i concede his point.
when friend 1 logged on he realized that i was playing with friend 3, who he doesn't like to play with abd nformed me he wasn't going to play.
the downside is that they'd pay less and be less personally fulfilling to k.
woman longs for caress of boyfriend's dry, cracked, bleeding hands
i immediately finished what i was doing and jetted out of there (without even washing my hands).
i'm not sure if he took it the wrong way, but he got ticked off, and said he didnt have to because he "pays a lot of money to live here".
olive garden voted best italian restaurant in annual 'milwaukee magazine' awards
am i the asshole for essentially planning to stonewall her, even though we ad a really special day a few days bac?
now i find out we could've gotten this wedding for free?
obama warns he may cease to exist unless america believes in him
aita when im late to come home my girlfriend is a bitch to me so i just dont come home or come later so im a business owner and i have a shop that's 5 miles from home that is like disney land for me because i love working on my projects.
now keep in mind about a week passed since i’d been in the hospital before the flowers got there.
then, two weeks later, she tells me she wants an abortion, because she doesn't want the responsibility of having a child in her life just yet.
aita for being mad at my fwb so this is exactly as the title states.
it's a childish move, but not a sin by any stretch of the imagination.
aita i (24m) told my girlfriend (25f) the truth because i thought it was best to be honest.
apple fans demand other products they can feel directly against skin at all times
anyhoo, i attended a christmas eve family event and brought two friends.
he talked of physical/verbal/emotional abuse, the 1st of which he is suing his parents for.
we just got the fifth one today.
therapist feels bad for dating patient's daughter
am i an asshole for being angry that he's up and left all of his good friends of many years?
i am sorry it offends you.” honestly, for my siblings i know it is about feeling neglected, they don’t need money, but can’t help but to hear, “i don’t love you,” when our mother starts bitching about giving us money.
i didnt like their fling because we said never talk about or other partners.
possum gazes longingly at family walking dog
however, some of my coworkers think the scares are not worth it.
it’s in my head and wanted to know if it is an asshole request or thought...seems like it is so far!
area photo 201 students all take pictures of same homeless guy
being older than daughter babysitter's only qualification
t.g.i. friday's bankrupt after spending billions on priceless americana
i have apologised for the way in which i said it, but she told me it sounded like i was telling her "she's not doing good enough".
&#x200b; my current girlfriend thinks its disgusting i didn't delete the pictures right away and even more disgusting that i jerked off to them after we had broken up.
and so there she was knocked out whilst i looked her over and noticed the outline of her phone in her pocket so i think fuck her right?
in the end, we didn't even do much with hamlet, a short 30 question quiz and a couple of questions on the unit test.
context: my friend had gotten engaged in may last year and had asked me to be her maid of honor.
we were starting to get closer, and one afternoon we decided to meet up for coffee.
my mother and her sister often have...
the girl who liked me got up and didn’t come back until the end of the movie.
mysterious benefactor leaves coupon book to dozens of local establishments in man's mailbox
45-minute phone call to credit card company goes great
a little background, this man and me once made a killing together in the early 2000s before i left.
senate passes bipartisan resolution preventing themselves from stopping trump
i even asked him for an extra short (two month) permit just to tide me over, but he refused.
i’ve had a girl come over to my house and mention my dad’s smoking habit with disgust since we had an empty coke bottle outside that my dad threw away his cigarettes in.
oscars attendees cower in awe as disembodied, all-knowing voice proclaims information about nominees
im 26 and i work in an industry that is extremely competitive and has high turn over.
entire nyc subway system now consists of single handcar
neighborhood kids grant landmark status to house where guy killed himself
cottonelle introduces new 'piping-hot' toilet tissue
shanghai family sick of eating chinese
the fork came within a half inch of her eye.
we didn’t really get drunk, but just enough to have some fun and relax.
i'm like hey man, trust me, im okay.
i contacted the seller about it and he said something along the lines of “i already spent the money, sorry, you should try to resell them.” i thought whatever, i shouldn’t have to do that, but i’ll try.
missing girl elected to aruban parliament
the mother lives with one of her daughters and her two sons from her second husband alone.
report: distracted driving results in more than 5,000 unfinished texts each year
plus, there were guests which normally throws all prior seating normalities out the window.
oscars committee announces plan to shorten ceremony to single-millisecond flash of blinding white light
the link showed a dog and their owner giving them their vegan meal.
i've said i'm happy to meet on any of our days off (we are off 4 days in the week)
he left and the question was asked and i proceeded to tell them the truth.
teen on brink of experiencing incredible journey of motherhood instead asks boyfriend to use condom
house cat announces plans to just sit there for 46 minutes
turns out it was him trying to make me be quiet.
george kennedy's honor riding on internal breath freshener
she could have at the very least made him use the surname jr.
oxford english dictionary to add 'skype' and 'coat' to latest edition
surrounded herself with people who supported (or enabled) and validated her, and flirted with half the men in the class (including a teacher in his mid 40s) great at playing the victim, although i don't doubt she was one.
but no, they are telling me i need to leave as well.
but i felt really betrayed and super, super pissed off.
whatever "attitude" problem i had, i figured it was just them picking up on how frustrated i had been, and i knew i was going to feel way better once my team started believing in me and doing stuff together.
folk art museum acquires rare visitor
the context here is that all the guests speak their native tongue, a foreign language.
brad pitt stumbles across old cardboard box with gwyneth paltrow's head in attic
kenny is a diagnosed sociopath, his brain is literally wired differently from other people, and he doesn't have empathy for anyone, really.
yes, 2 girls and 3 guys.
jewelry just shows basic wealth that 99% of the population can afford today.
he was promoted, and he brought me up the ladder with him.
i don't have a particularly good explanation.
it was kinda whatever and luckily i was able to explain to upd and there was no issue beyond that.
normally the more gifted and compelling speakers of the graduating class are given the honor of addressing the guests.
only name area man recognizes on ballot 'jill stein'
guidance counselor prefaces sat results by talking about test's flaws
experts point to long, glorious history of successful u.s. bombing campaigns
man sleeps through his stop on elevator
aita for not wanting to pay back my sister-in-law $4000 that she gave us?
the brother doesn't live here, but wants to pay in so that the property (that's worth a ton of money, btw) won't get sold.
we had a discussion about contraceptives and my s/o asked if i was on the pill.
least popular guy at house party really hitting it off with dog
so-called 'giant' mouse actually baby kangaroo
pbs moderators spend first 10 minutes of debate asking candidates for fundraising advice
we both are 19 and we don't have our own places, i usually spend one week in my mom's house and the next one in my dad's (they're divorced) and so on.
'breaking bad' ends with reveal that whole series was plot of book marie shoplifted
this has been going on for last 4 months or so and nicole and i have been “hate fucking” each other during that time.
aita for not telling the truth or am i justified given the fact i gave him it as a favour and he threw me under the bus wen he got caught with the account
i just got a mass email from him on friday asking if anyone will cover him --- that's less than a week from the lecture.
it’s been frustrating, upsetting, and in the end to tiring to deal with anymore.
cell phone stuck in 2-year contract with local man
new trump campaign ad claims that illegal immigrants currently murdering you with knife
however, it often left me with no response available, because my mind can't switch track away from serious that quickly, and sometimes i do honestly need to talk about the thing (in which case i do just repeat it and he does actually answer).
i had told her before that i wasn't looking for anything serious, but whatever happens, happens ya know.
setting: company party last night at a fancy restaurant.
on the other hand, another part of me realizes how i'm basically feeding her insecurities, making her think she's not good enough for me by checking out other girls, even though i don't intend to do anything with them.
we all pretty much got very close.
am i really an asshole for being a human?
converse high tops reveal tv character's eccentric personality
and since they were directly asked to me i couldn't just stay out of it.
tl:dr disagreement about whether or not poop is funny and if someone is justified in getting angry for stepping in poop multiple times.
man derives depressing amount of pride from hometown burger chain
aita is my grandpa the asshole for killing the family pets?
mark zuckerberg promises that misuse of facebook user data will happen again and again
i had seriously considered the possibility of just being friends with her.
report: dad proud of you; he won't say it, but it's true
aita for quitting a board game?
aita for posaibly breaking up my ex and her fiance?
wibta for disregarding a bridesmaids demands?
controversial puppy bowl star shits during national anthem
i know that they are just some dumb flowers but she means the world to me, i just thought that i might brighten part of her day.
&#x200b; on the 2 or 3 days i work mornings/afternoons my mom watches my daughter and on overnights my boyfriend does.
i also know that will not prevent me from getting the flu - okay so i hear you all.
scott pruitt tosses another pvc tube on campfire
early humans finally drunk enough to invent dancing
for example, she will never let me pay for dates or holidays - always insists to go half or refuses to accompany me on holidays if she can't afford it, despite me offering to pay her way.
dzhokar tsarnaev finally moves off campus
i tell her to get out, she asks why, and i start screaming ''get out!!!!!
i did this because i was sure looking all day at her "friends" off on huge vacations was not helping the situation.
i was extremely upset but decided to forgive her.
'becoming a mother has been the most thrilling experience of my life,' reports woman fleeing hospital with stolen baby
re the dash cam - i did not see what happened.
man at salad bar has to say every item aloud as he adds it to salad
they treat me like their younger sister and it's just been pretty awesome.
so now apparently the whole apartment smells like weed to those who aren't scent blind to it.
aita for being angry with my girlfriend i(m26) is currently in a relationship with my gf (f40).
aita for wanting to hire a nanny despite the fact that i’m sahm?
dinner theater play reworked to push chicken special
they are completely self-consumed and think only their emotions/feelings are important, not to mention stubborn.
i loved my sister and friends and just couldn't choose 1 person over the others.
from a young age i have always been freakishly tall.
venmo rolls out feature allowing users to send goons to collect payment
aita for telling my boyfriend's friends that i cam?
scientists find link between how pathetic you are, how fast you respond to emails
justin bieber recovering in intensive care unit after being badly booed
i imagine you'd have brought it up to me, if i actually did something to him.
horrifying police body camera footage clearly shows current state of america
here's where it gets a little nsfw....
controversial new ham sandwich under fire
(fast forward to after his move) we haven't talked much after we moved apart (i'm not a big social media user and dont really like calling people) we make small talk over messenger and i usually leave it unread but before this last christmas we were talking i asked him how he was and he responded with just dealing with depression.
its just more info and idc about downvotes.
"thanks for your congrats and good wishes, i see you really care about it" and then blocked me.
veteran congressman can still remember when inaction on gun violence actually presented a moral dilemma
edit 3: my friends and i have tried many things to get him help and nothing has worked.
family requests privacy during this unbelievably awesome time
we always talk through our issues, but this was the first time that i have ever been emotional in a way that i knew was wrong, but couldn't stop myself from feeling that way.
desperate catholic church now offering sainthood to anyone who regularly attends weekly mass
she then turned on her porch light, and what i saw was hundreds on dog turds on her lawn.
or is it just some miscommunication?
she thinks i should just let it go but she also is a fairly passive, unargumentative person so i don’t see her fighting me on it either.
she brought it up, saying it was “i do not believe that it is unreasonable for me to want to go back to my room for any reason whatsoever.
'flatbread means pizza,' man explains to visiting father
i knew for a fact his ex-girlfriend lived in the lofts and i was like "ohhhhhhh-kaayyyyyy….red handed." so i screen capped it and was like planning on breaking up with him the next day.
i get pretty annoyed now since i could see the whole room from behind the curtain which meant they could sure as hell see me too.
aita to my boyfriend and/or mom?
here's where i could be the asshole and where i think since they are acting all weak (these women are regulars like us).
report: it not hard at all to imagine your coworkers' supple, nude bodies
exhausted olympians wake up early to repeat opening ceremony for american time zones
it's -20 c (-4 for my american friends) in calgary.
of course boudreaux and thibodeaux come outside too to be around papa.
when they took our drink orders my partner ordered the wine and i asked where one of the beer was from.
so i log into her discord..
report: west virginia feeling pretty smug right about now
area man has sex with man to get out of office blood drive
and i'm not going to pretend to understand how people want to be "sexually fluid" or whatever you want to call it as i'm as hetero-vanilla and monogamous as they come.
it is rare that i get to cheer overly loud for my team.
when i'm in a conversation with them, i can keep it a bit more under control (no gagging or asking them to stop, because smoking is their choice and i will respect that), but still might cover my face.
my wife and i took in a 15yr old teenage who was homeless.
so she had gone to collect him and they explained what had happened but said he had been completely fine.
i agreed; since he was also telling me something, i could get him to promise not to tell other people.
i am actually fine with how he look, just that i do not want my friends to meet him as i will feel ashamed.
biden implores obama to 'rub one out' before debate
it takes 1 hr one way to get to brooklyn from our house.
even though i can't drive, i have a part time job as a fast food chain very close to my house.
aita for taking advantage of the fact that my girlfriend only likes sex when drunk?
report: there still time to convert to christianity before christmas starts
mom much more insistent about getting grandkids from one child than other
naturally, this would mean keeping the cable/internet on as well as keeping the apartment much warmer than what we would leave it on were it to sit empty.
on the other side, it logically doesn't make sense to move out when i'm able to put so much away in savings and take advantage of an opportunity that few people find themselves in.
man who actually needs grey poupon unable to bring self to ask
wibta if i got a mate laid?
i had to beg him practically bc i had to sell my home & couldnt afford 2000+ rental fees while disabled.
she paid for dinner, my sister said thanks, but i didn't.
one of them was shot on duty and the other was hit by a drunk driver while off duty.
am i really an ass if i do it?
nation's huggers announce plans for you to get over here
the hispanic man did not honk even though he rightfully could.
while i was drunk, i was completely capable of using the public transport.
i only meant to offer some positive feedback, but i clearly overstepped.
weak little man asks for help
biden unleashes torrent of vomit on debate stage
cue the message that sets her off, which again, had no intention of disrespect.
he's a bit perplexed and goes to confide in the others while i'm in the kitchen hanging with my so.
jeff does not currently offer much of value to me.
we have been married for 15 years and i walked in our bedroom and he was performing oral sex on himself.
eventually i said to her “i am very very unhappy with what you have done.
i am asking because he is being very hard on himself for trusting me having guy friends and he says he shouldn't of trusted me and he hates himself for it.
so a while ago i was selling am xbox controller ok n the facebook marketplace.
&#x200b; the catch is, i turn back into the queue of cars after spending 5 minutes getting gas, and get ahead of people who i've passed because it is a slow light.
man who never missed 'ally mcbeal' back in the day joins trump legal team
she pulls me aside and starts to talk to me about how inappropriate it is and degrading to their relationship.
my options are to get a rice-paper door that separates my bedroom and office from my living room (giving the dog a little more space and it would only be a minimal cost), or just evict this guy.
tea party congressman listens to constituent who wears thomas jefferson costume everywhere
i know that my friend and and my fwb follow each other on social media, but they don't really have contact.
which i understand, but now i'm filled with fear of what might happen if we break up, and concerned of a possible codependency streak as he seems to be so dependent on me and cares so little about anyone else.
(she did not know what it was when she bought it) instead of the adventure time dvd i got a maranda one that was never used and we donated it to a salvation army a few years later.
well-meaning mouse wouldn't really call self a 'pest,' per se
probably should add some background info before i just say "hey i'm the c-word that dumped her loving fiancé!" but even that may not make me any less ah.
this morning she texted me and told me that i needed me to come home and start doing things to fix our relationship or she would leave.
no idea where she got all that.
only when my anger and panic started to fade the realisation crept in that i am probably a massive asshole and moron for leaving her alone in a club at 2 am.
'i am under 18' button clicked for first time in history of internet
what if we \*do\* want to get married?
they started grilling me on who was in the car, who helped me, asking specific names and what party i was at.
like the whole time he couldn't shut up about how badly i was playing.
i told her over and over that i would never have sex with someone without their consent.
netanyahu feeling like trip to us to start world war iii went pretty well
he's only really seemed to care about himself and his own sense of justice for most of our lives.
aita i left my boyfriend and slept with my fuckfriend the next day hi, i don't really know how to explain it so i will just say the facts and how i feel about them.
mom still raving about butternut squash ravioli she tried 13 years ago
woman who's been on the pill for years thinking about switching to new set of debilitating side effects
purchase justified by theoretical $50 rebate
retirees speak out on crucial lawn care issues
businessman does his work lying on bed like schoolgirl
scientists politely remind world that clean energy technology ready to go whenever
i struggle alot with money so buying this gift for him really put me in a tight spot but he's one of those people that are extremely hard to shop for because he doesn't have much interest in anything so i thought this would be an amazing gift.
i told him that i see no reason to make up excuses and was told "then you have to have a reason." around this time my roommate and his girlfriend's ride had just arrived, and he asked me if i was sure i didn't want to come to the party that we had been invited to, but i had previously declined due to these plans.
she said i had originally ran up there shouting about hurting my back and taken a chair.
tl;dr - sister starts dating someone ex friend and talks disrespectfully about my ex girlfriend so i no longer wish to speak with her, aita here?
nasa scientists make life-changing discovery but you kind of had to be there
this happened a few years ago and was prompted by the other movie theater post i saw on this sub.
and i support a firm rule: you stay in or by your seat when exiting a plane.
pope francis wearing sweater vestments he got for christmas
tldr: gf and i are doing long distance.
people that just make either random remarks or just tell people everything they do before or after they do it for no contextual reason, just bug tf out of me.
but i don't really see a sustainable relationship with someone who i don't find sexually attractive.
nation breathes sigh of continuing unease
we were close friends, and one day she confided in me about her abuse, so i did the same.
ok, so autocorrect did kinda jack it up, but i clarified it.
goddamn ficus plant should come with instructions
it makes me feel like shes fucking a penis that is not mine.
i'm somewhere between throwing something and breaking down, but i leave a text to the effect of "if my coffee tastes like bacon, i'm gonna throw a fit".
charlize theron hired to ride struggling cleveland light rail system monday through friday
but i think she's so dumb for making such a mistake.
of the few women that have ever tried to talk to me in some way, they were _all_ 100% girls who were not-straight.
i had already paid to be brought here so i refused.
obamas reunited live on tv for first time since leaving white house
i felt kind of insulted , especially that after us knowing each other for years , she wouldn't even give me another chance.
i hate walmart, absolutely despise it,and avoid it as much as possible.
tony award disappoints parents even more
treasury department releases new 'monsters of the silver screen' $20 bill
single 34-year-old man hasn't said full sentence aloud outside work hours in past 3 months
i fully understand how i possibly fucked up my immediate future but i haven’t been able to afford anything since he wants to me to try to be partially finically independent.
shes my best friend and never really says anything hurtful to me until that.
tldr: made racist joke, am i asshole for saying racist joke and laughing at them?
i told her, straight, that maybe it wouldn't hurt to lose a few pounds so that she has something to wear, but she didn't listen and has since then ghosted me.
she is also one of the organizers of the event, so it's kind of a must to bring a date.
aita: for not tipping a delivery driver who was super late?
he had been insulting me the whole game that i was shit at the game, and insults the other people i hang out with.
firefighter excitedly checks drop-off bin to see if they got any babies while they were out
i feel like i wasted a beautiful day just worrying about him.
new roommates attempt to find manly way of saying good night
his dating history is littered with young women he emotionally abused in some way or the other.
i don’t know what he said to her but she msged me an hour later extremely upset and pissed off.
17-year cicadas horrified to learn about 9/11
girl gone wild actually just regular girl, only more insecure and drunk
somehow i am the lost one, the immature one, the one who needs to get a clue.
but now i'm sobered up 8 months no drink and feel better than ever.
nipple of baby's bottle pierced for authenticity
veteran kind of surprised killing all those people didn't give him even a little ptsd
but one thing i cannot stand are people who are speeding like crazy (think 85mph on a 65mph road), hug my ass, and then flash their high beams in the dead of night, especially when the lane next to me is empty.
i appreciate the input, and will just suck it up and get it done.
dating profile flatly states man looking for someone he can control
that was already a bad thing because my dad almost always gives a straight answer.
this secret code is news to me?
he insulted my grandpa shortly after his died.
it’s funny, my original academic advisor said i probably wouldn’t be good friends with c.
she told me that for the last year or so she had refrained from getting drunk among men since she didn't feel safe doing so.
video gamer in movie going for the high score
they look and tell me that there out of stock and i could get it tomorrow.
i stepped outside with my coworker and told her that despite her physical ailments, in an emergency situation like that she needs to keep an eye on the child.
worried they’ll hate on me there but i am still proud of my revenge despite feeling sympathy for the girl and remorse for how the situation went down.
secret service not sure if that suit of armor was in oval office yesterday
i've never brought it up, though, because emma and i get along well enough and i don't want to add any negativity to our relationship.
anyways, my other buddies made fun of him for getting 'triggered' and we got over it but i promised him i'd make this post to get to the bottom of this.
when i came back i was very angry for two reasons.
study: 38 percent of people not actually entitled to their opinion
now he’s sulking around and pissed that i won’t tell him the rude thing i’m thinking about him.
eminem horrified upon being informed that 'faggot' actually a harmful gay slur
faa advises asiana airlines pilot to get back out there after crash
i pretty much just keep telling him to stop being a baby.
the problem is clarabelle \[his daughter\] has started telling people i am her mother.
lone tent a dark harbinger of looming street festival
i'd pick up the phone and say "thank you for calling best buy, this is fredrick speaking, what department would you like to be directed to." they say "home theatre department please." "ok, hold please." then i'd literally put the phone down and walk away for 1-5 minutes.
local senior impressed with restaurant cheesecake
i told them the shop i worked in and told them they could come back and take it any time.
fish at pretty good place in its life right now
he turns off the game, saying i wasn’t watching it anyway, which i was, and it wasn’t coming back on til he got his seat back.
i've never once seen them feed her or even let her inside when it's pouring rain.
my boyfriend was hospitalized last week.
today when we were heading towards the car i saw a cockroach on the ground.
i was finally done with that shit.
i was trying to let her know how it felt or trying to see if this behavior was ok, or if this was normal.
aita for wanting to bang my gf firstly typing on mobile and sorry for poor formatting.
human slave from future remembers when cyber monday was about celebrating savings, not robot uprising
ice agent terrified after becoming separated from team during immigrant raid
and she just kept leaving me on read.
and now i feel like an asshole too.
perhaps when i said i would sell and my husband said no.
the driver in front (me in this case) could break or swerve at any moment to avoid an animal or obstacle, and you have to be prepared for that.
cormac mccarthy flaunts sexy new beach body
however, the new semester has started in school and i have been so focused on getting this scholarship that school slipped.
there was one freshman who called me out.
the baby mama seems to be semi-convinced but she's still a bit hesitant.
i had talked about this with facebook friend on two separate occasions over two months to express how frustrated and sad i was about the situation.
excited cia director can't wait to declassify last night's incredible mission in middle east
bored god tries to fit all of jupiter in mouth
this was around the 6th of august 2018, but shit went down on the 14th.
she told me she didn't know her actions would make me feel this way, and that she hadn't meant to hurt me.
palin unveils 9/11 firefighter cousin, reformed lesbian niece, naturalized mexican half brother
aita for letting my dog pee on some guys car tire?
denny's introduces 'just a humongous bucket of eggs and meat'
during this time i've been traveling with family.
shy balloon spends entire party floating in back corner of room by itself
perfect response to heckler somewhere in prop comedian's trunk
obviously i have no issue with the disobeying her orders part because i did walk out of the class.
it’s not a “merge in turn” and there’s no signs stating this.
eventually monday rolled around and i still didn't have a place so i got the dog back in my car and took him back to where i found him and dropped him off again.
wibta if i started dating a ex of a friend so some background information my friend ( i'll call him gb) broke up with his girlfriend (hr) and we still have the same friend group so you could see how this could be a problem.
i told my sister and she thinks im terrible for not giving my coworker space and giving her time to think.
area man gets terrible creative juices flowing
crowd cheers as 93-year-old fuckup finally graduates from college
inside: spring fashions so glamorous you'll practically shit yourself
nobody except me and her has a driverlicense.
aita for trying to convince my brother's baby mama to let our family take care of the baby and bring the baby to the us backstory: my brother (20yrs) and his baby mama (20yrs) have a very toxic relationship.
national security experts: 'isis are fucking assholes'
drone places fresh kill on steps of white house
insurance replaced the laptop and all was well...
nation's financial advisors recommend capturing magical creature that grants wishes
man on rolling swivel chair pushes away from desk like blue angel breaking formation
so in order for me to use the right pronouns she has to be respectful, right?
she, being the lovely person that she is, goes and dms my fiancée to say that she thinks that’s the same engagement ring she got.
she had very bad anxiety attacks being with me.
before he had the muffin he shouldve decided what if im going bad and how do i get home if i cant sleep at yin's apparently he didn't do that.
the guy phones me, understandably angry, and talks to me a bunch of facebook.
we did not discuss specifics such as dates and i was quite content that there were no problems.
around xmas, i started distancing myself after the coworker and i went xmas shopping together and the next day she told me i’d be going out with her again (i hadn’t agreed to) - i told her that i didn’t want to because i have an autoimmune disease that was flaring up to which she sent me some messages along the lines of “oh.
my mom just uses my dad's money to buy a few small things for everyone and labels them as if they came from each of us, so that everyone believes they got one thing from each person.
infants piling up at orphanage's old address
i emailed her as respectfully as possible with the work attached.
aita for pushing my girlfriend to go further sexually after promising not to.
my face ended up being red and dry, and i have a stuffy nose.
nurse reminds elderly man she's just down the hall if he starts to die
robert mueller begins thirteenth day undercover as white house janitor
area man just realized he doesn't even know when barack obama's birthday is
private servers are essentially your own personal version of the game you can customize to your liking, which you can then allow other people to connect to and play with you.
merry christmas!” i rolled my eyes reading that.
when i work on my car i blast my system.
your kids: are they sexy enough?
meredith vieira's today show debut marked by uncomfortable hour-long silence
please excuse bad grammar and spelling.
anyhow, we come up with two different gifts for these two parties and one gift was right at $20 and the other was $17-$18.
our recent arguments have revolved around her complaining that she is asked to do too much around the home and that the tasks are not evenly split.
american idol winner already complaining about pressures of fame
now i've never been jealous in my life and if i wasn't told what was going on i may not have noticed, but i wasn't going to stand there and have the 2 of us be humiliated by a bunch of toothless neanderthals.
god getting strong urge to bring back dinosaurs
we thought this was really weird but as he was away at the time we didn't have a chance to speak in person we just said thanks and left it at that.
sanders campaign headquarters smashed up by gang of pinkerton union busters
all of our convos end up being about how much we care about one another.
louis vuitton releases new line of designer leather freezer bags
in addition, the housing authority here is very well funded, so my apartment was recently renovated with a new floor, appliances, etc.
justin has threatened to break up with me over this which i find is totally unnecessary.
im actually curious, because if they really are blind they wouldn’t be scared at all, and if they do flinch/move/or any other natural reaction if you see someone looking like they’re about to kick you, they’re a scum bag for pretending to be blind for money.
tempurapedic unveils new line of extra-crispy, deep-fried mattresses
study finds flushing toilets wastes billions of gallons of piss and shit annually
first off, i understand that beauty is relative and is in the eye of the beholder, however most of my friends and non family members agree that my little sister is *not* cute, even for toddler standards.
i was really surprised at what was happening.
i asked him again, for a specific arrival time, and he said 9:25.
it gets way more seductive from her at this point and i'm kinda see where she is going with it when she says she is up to do anything and would like to see me tomorrow, stuff along the lines of there won't be any regrets.
he was in uni for a half a year before he tried to commit suicide, and after that he pulled himself out of school to focus on his mental health.
it’s abusive, domineering and strange and it makes women feel bad.
new co-op airline offers cheaper fares if you help fly the plane
and she even called my other friend and did what i just mentioned before.
but for the sake of her audience and her fans, we don’t necessarily tell the public we’re engaged because a lot of her male viewers might get upset and stop watching her channel.
we have two very young puppies who are not yet potty trained.
in the new year our branch is restructuring.
the papers were handed out and i realized i didn’t have a pencil (which was typical) so i turned to the class and asked if anyone had one.
nation praying for super nasty luge accident
'army of one' campaign attracting troubled loners to military
bush tumbles wildly down washington monument staircase
departing employee not quite important enough for send-off
me: haha maybe i’ll just not come to school from now on.
he allegedly went as far as to touch the youngest.
pedestrian crossing street makes sure to look at approaching car so driver will feel more guilty if they run him over
i decided to be fair to her and let her finish out the season, and i thought she would quit playing with him after.
after christmas she got a few amazon gift cards and she’s thinking out loud about what she wants to buy with them.
the va denied everything i lost all my savings everything i worked for.
voter dreading being sent over to visibly stupid poll worker
i could've continued but i began to feel bad as if i was berating her.
woman builds ironclad case proving mila kunis looks bad without makeup
new evidence suggests dinosaurs died in cretaceous period hospice
as someone asked, i wanted to also add that we were going to watch fantastic beasts and where to find them, and we are also reconvening at my grandmother's house again tomorrow to actually watch it.
any time (rain or shine) that i couldn't park in a free space up front, i'd take the handicapped spot.
f: no tf i don’t you bitch.
here’s some of the shit she was saying: • i’m a whore.
it rubs me the wrong way to have it taken in such a negative way and i don’t know what else to say about it given that.
earlier this morning he sent me this threat and saying that because i had a friend over he didn't kick my ass when he saw me "red handed." i'm thinking of just reporting him to campus officials as i have evidence against him.
hes been a fixture in my life a very long time.
aita for making fun of someone else’s dead family member this has happened about 3 years ago in 9th grade.
nancy pelosi rushes into living room to hear grandson's first talking point
my daughter only told me about this yesterday so of course i’m a little annoyed already because this mean i am actually the one buying the stuff (paying); which as i’m sure most of the rest of you, i’m hit up this time of year for $20 every time i step into a room.
i sneak off to my husband and he offers to switch places so he could watch her while i socialize w my coworkers (sister and i work at the same company).
i was hired to be a security guard of sorts.
local woman has story about how she got these shoes
trump raises concern over members of urban communities voting more than zero times
commercial actor informed he doesn't have that prego tomato sauce look
i suggested (i know that is key) that i could drive out there with her.
doj announces initiative to deploy smartphone-carrying bystanders to nation's streets
wibta if i told my neighbor to shut the fuck up at night?
he's glands are getting express the normal way.
i fucked up, she caught me off guard and i regret that day.
i was part way through the fall semester of my sophomore year and as per usual during that time high school homecomings were coming up.
this week they have done it again and the work is better but still pretty rubbish.
has anyone else done this before?
fast forward, im on a business trip out of state and the company pairs people up in hotel rooms to save cost.
stephen breyer sets supreme court record for most gavels in mouth
new prescription fish tank eliminates need for glasses while looking at fish
a healthy 25 year old adult.
she’s down to make out, give head, handjobs, etc.
carly fiorina promises to fight for whoever everyday americans are
guy riding atv has really been looking forward to breaking his neck on wooded trail
universe comes to halt as kid flips through first shark book
he said it was raining could he come in.
during the fall it wasn't a problem because i killed time by going for walks or something like that.
it was very irritating so i politely asked him to stop.
secretary of interior announces $400 million initiative to preserve self for future generations to enjoy
grotesque child born with only 99% normal human dna
secretary cracks under administration of third raspberry margarita
she responded: "i love hanging out with you, i think you're awesome!!!
new smithsonian exhibit honors thousands of pets who joined workforce after owners left to fight in world war ii
i am sorta justified by the lack of availability, so i cant be picky or completely honest or i'll have nothing.
clinton tosses unpledged superdelegate in trunk of car
so by the end of the night i was angry and my boyfriend sensed it.
i was with my girlfriend for 6 months and everything was great.
exxonmobil, chevron locked in bidding war to acquire lucrative pennsylvania senator
i just find them so annoying and i basically see nothing good in them 90% of the time.
i realized everyone was waiting for my reaction, to see what i'd say about his confession.
they've been seeing each other for a month now, and she's totally obsessed with him.
wibta for skipping out on my rent?
according to nutritional information, local man just had 16 servings of fritos
&#x200b; yesterday, he tells me that a girl he was sleeping with a month ago said she might be pregnant.
'my god, i've discovered the missing link in the russia investigation,' think 379,000 reddit users simultaneously
honestly i thought the whole thing was a shit show.
the kid isn't interested in learning and never listens to what she is told, i don't want to because i don't care nor do i have the patience.
edit 2: guess i'm the asshole then.
company to use internet to waste money, employees' time
**edit-** i just want to thank the responders for help in clearing this up.
the day i get back i speak with the principal and katy and her mother, i apologise in full about what i did, ( i do wholeheartedly regret it) i broke into tears while doing it.
study finds no logical reason why planes fly
i knew she would be mad but laugh at the same time.
i was instilled with a hard work ethic and told that you determine your quality of life.
justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
gf and i have been going at it for almost a year, and the idea of moving in together came up.
two or three of them would also meet up to work on it without saying anything to me or during a time they knew i couldn’t meet because of work.
aita for lending my sister our car?
fucker riding man's ass whole way out to cleveland
i put alot of research into what would be a really good brand and a really good set considering he does alot of online gaming and he had told me that his previous set had broken.
new report finds fastest-rising cause of death in u.s. is losing chess match to grim reaper
aita for dumping my girlfriend after she let me know she's bisexual?
neighbor arriving home at same time offers brief, beguiling glimpse inside apartment
she got 5 offers in a week, and got a great job.
trump surrogate enjoying thrill of not knowing what she going to be defending minute to minute
since i haven't seen them since just after halloween, i was asking them what the got for giftmas?
i called the front desk to ask what was going on and i was told the water had been temporarily shut off, and that we could use the spa showers on the floor level or wait 1-2 hours and the water would be turned back on.
i know a lot of guys want to be taller.
sorry!" her response took me off guard "well that's just great.
i abbreviated that and it has come off harsher than it actually was.
we spent a lot of time after that relationship ended as good friends, helping each other out where we could etc.
area man coasting by on good looks, work ethic, in-depth knowledge of virginia real estate law
now whenever i see him in the hall i gran his hand and laugh.
i was on holidays at that time, but i was still mad at her, so i declined (i also really needed my own space due to stress at work).
she'd also point out that many of these children probably live in bad neighborhoods where it's not possible to trick-or-treat.
i was angry and told my mom how i felt.
at the end of the argument i told him he had two choices - kill himself so he doesn’t have to watch his mom die, or don’t so he does have to watch her die.
'seek funding' step added to scientific method
she doesn't clean it up or put trash away.
* point 2: i didn't have to brake check him.
my office is a bit antisocial during business hours but occasionally spend 10 minutes or so with a cigarette after we knock off to wind down and socialise.
extremely effective therapist just lets patients beat shit out of him for 45 minutes
i'm actually thinming of not showing up for xmas me: that'll reinforce her thinking that you don't want anything to do with her unless you want something sister: no, she offered to pay some money i owe, about $500, i said no.
also i was not forcing or even asking for him to play, and i enjoyed playing with him even though he was useless.
aita for not wanting to be in a public/open relationship with my boyfriend?
spider-man mask spices up blind date
carly fiorina shares heartbreaking story about father of 3 who couldn't meet sales goals
i also dislike people in general.
new study finds humans may have some capacity for compassion
it got to the point that i had to call the police or the property owner almost once a week.
few animals harmed in making of film
she is unemployed and we have no kids.
usually all that means is making a text file on the desktop, changing their background on gmail (windows desktop backgrounds can't be changed on these computers), rearranging desktop icons, etc.
(to be clear - *she* isn’t paying for anything.
new law to forgive student debt for college graduates once all their dreams shattered
plan to make snacks last through opening credits fails
al franken pledges to make up for sexist behavior over course of next four senate terms
so as not to upset her?
i created this throwaway just today because i don't want her to find this post.
i told her the next morning that annie fell asleep in my bed and thought nothing of it for the next few days.
he doesn't hear me out and i doubt he knew that my sister called me a retard.
christie describes isis as grave, towering, meaty threat to u.s. while staring at diner patron's corned beef sandwich
the next question out of henry's mouth was, "did you break my record?" the second he said that, i was furious.
i just put a big part of it in brackets, you don't have to read it to get the point, but i feel like it's less abrupt with these optionnal bits.
this happened this morning while driving my kid to school.
billionaire ceo donates rat's ass to world's poor
i’ve been struggling, for lack of a better word, with this sentiment that is inside of me.
they lived rent-free at her parents house, i get the rush but i think it's doable.
overworked nation wishes it could just unplug from it all like puerto rico
ted cruz asks central park hansom cab driver how much it costs to whip horse for an hour
gop leaders celebrate passing point of no return
so at this point i had enough of this bs and decided to punch him making him land right on his back.
i play rugby with the guy in question (let's say, "mark") but i don't usually hang out with him outside of matches and practice.
aita for not wanting to listen to an sjw's demands this morning?
we could probably still beat mac, but it will take longer not only because the person who left won't be supporting us anymore, but also because we'll have to "wait" for him to put in his turns for the turn to go through meaning we'd have to wait the entire turn timer.
sandwich from television commercial spotted at local restaurant
woman profoundly moved by lyrics artist put zero time or effort into
this all starts with nail clippers, and a bad day which is too long to pun on here, so i'm gonna start with the clippers.
i know swearing was uncalled for, but i was absolutely livid.
we started talking in steam dms, with the summary being this: me: i find it pretty annoying when you are constantly calling people out for hacks.
serial killer clearly gunning for 'parking lot butcher' nickname
i thought they were being little bitches about it and that it was all between their ears, basically.
normally, i wouldn't give a shit.
ss is and was a good kid.
even though we haven't been together for that long, she says that dating means there's a possibility for marriage, which she really wouldn't approve of.
winning argument with aging parents less satisfying than it once was
indiana becomes fourth state to ban great sex
he maintains that the problem is me.
my manager disagrees that this is disruptive behavior.
p says her website (with the fully uncensored pics) is private and you need the link to get to it.
herpetologist names son after famous herpetologist
cue co-worker who i will name "ted".
it was also made worse by the fact that they would just leave the dogs alone and go away from the house.
by the way, this was in my sketchbook and in pen, so i had to scribble it out.
blood drains from mueller's face after realizing russia investigation might go all the way to white house
if they need to contact their father they can use my phone or ask me to contact him.
i get a call from my sister (while i was at work) who is 8 months pregnant (and trying to save as much money as possible as they've had major house repairs recently and won't be working for a while).
aita for planning on breaking up with my boyfriend because he ate dog meat when studying abroad?
i asked her if there was any specific incident that had made her come to this conclusion, but she assured me that it wasn't.
i am strongly considering not participating.
she hasn't really been handling this well.
am i justified in feeling this way or aita for holding animosity over something like this?
she says she doesn't want to lose me.
i have had to remove the upstairs and downstairs carpet.
rick santorum asks u.s. populace if he's still running for president
aita for lying to my friend's wife?
for what it is worth yes i am seeing a therapist, one of the reasons why i am not so hot on the idea of moving town.
i tried reminding him that i spent almost $200 getting him one of those authentic football jersey of his favourite player, neymar, but he was having none of it.
plus the age gap really squicks me out.
im not gonna do it but i dont think its a big deal and ive never understood
i went downstairs to grab a drink when my mom says something about how my sister was in a predicament.
aita for not paying a $50 "bed fee" to a friend?
my friend showed it to me today posted by an instagram meme account.
now recently, whenever we hangout, she tried to get physically close to me.
senate intelligence committee confirms from testimony that donald trump jr. has no knowledge
i was ten and my sister was twelve.
i don’t feel the need to “nicely” replace stuff because i know that an employee is going to refold it anyway.
anyway coming close to graduates day it’s found out that she has the highest grades in our class.
the gym does have attendants who come around every ten or twenty minutes and wipe down the machines not in use...but, if someone gets on a machine right after you, it likely hasn’t been wiped unless the person using it has wiped it.
i took my group to the class because i wanted to chat with her right away.
upper-middle-class man vows to never forget middle-class roots
we don’t want to use them at a party because we don’t want to break them.
so i just waited for her to finish whining while nodding my head.
decision to ask out girl made using 10-sided die
zoo orangutan feels he really connected with iowa woman
when she showed me what it actually was i got a little more irritated letting out a sigh.
am i the ass hole for supplying information about him not paying taxes to the irs?
because they had so much non homeopathic meds for themselves i decided to be more casual about my aproach when confronting them.
study finds you irrelevant to success or failure of bollywood film 'zanjeer'
boyfriend not to be trusted with netflix queue
that all changed when i met my girlfriend who is 5'10, but has been amazing to me.
child unaware just how many of his toys intended to steer him away from homosexuality
so my sister proceeded to get a broom to coax her out (bad idea because her previous owners used to abuse her with a broom) my dog attacked the broom and refused to budge.
man prowling at airport gate ready to pounce like jungle cat at first sign of boarding
she told me she is now hyper sensitive to this because she doesn't want anyone in that situation to feel offended.
aita for being impatient with my brother's depression?
trojan unveils new 3-piece formal condoms
there was a point last month where she was round 9 days in a row.
unfortunately she lives with her parents and i think is why she spends so much time here.
this is a true story from a very long time ago that i've only shared with maybe 3 people in my real life.
minnesota braces for return of bachmann's full attention
and we could either get him to lose his virginity(thus losing nnn) or continue no nut november.
barnes & noble creates stripper/prostitute memoir section
prairie dog town rezoned for commercial use
this girl began wanting me to me an emotional sadist.
i blocked him (this is important for later).
i was assigned a random roommate for my 2-bedroom place 7 months ago, and am halfway through the lease.
aita for snooping through my boyfriends phone?
i decided that on the guest list, would only be people who had show me love and support during a very difficult 5 years of grief and illness and her partner, has not at all while she has.
she has allowed me to rub against her and other things but thats it.
wallace shawn emerges as frontrunner to replace daniel craig as james bond
perfect attendance credited to abusive household
we did not have the best relationship.
aita for not letting my wife take our 5yr son to work?
or whatever &#x200b; &#x200b; me: ok &#x200b; &#x200b; me: " also some people from your guild whispered " - can you provide proof?
when he was asking my opinion about it, i told him i felt it was a waste of money.
i have this friend anna who i’ve known since high school who is a total smokeshow.
report: 94% of south dakotans unprepared for mt. rushmore faces coming alive and eating everyone
his financial situation is a little iffy, so i couldn't ask him to spend all that money.
biden forges president's signature on executive order to make december dokken history month
so i (19m) am at university.
a month before i left i told them i was unhappy and would be leaving within the next couple of weeks, but i didn’t give them a set date.
guy from sopranos drops by local pizza parlor for free slice
queen elizabeth announces success of monarchy's recent diversity initiative
but i feel i maybe have hit a nerve
the entire trip didn't feel special at all, like i was just a little extra higher than i would be on weed.
trump offers clear, historical precedent for deploying u.s. military with no provocation
so, am i an entitled a-hope or was i justified in prodding for more compensation?
you ruined my christmas!" and ran off crying into her room.
i hesitated to say yes, and in my opinion i feel i had every right to be at least a tiny bit upset about doing it, but i still feel like an ass hole for not wanting to do it because she is feeling a bit under the weather and shouldn’t be doomed to an hour and a half long bus ride.
badass churchgoer doesn't even have to look at hymnal
gop establishment relieved after conventionally abhorrent beliefs make way onto presidential ticket
typically i have a pretty good relationship with my teachers and they usually know my sense of humor.
aita for accidentally cuckolding a classmate and not telling him?
i have tried foreplay, sometimes for hours.
however, one of my friends now (a month after we booked) has said that they cant afford to come, accommodation + flights + living costs would be too much for them.
i had to go the pharmacy.
later, d texts me asking is we could talk.
i don't know them, i don't want to give it to them.
aitah for canceling a job interview coz they asked me to wear a suit?
afghan warlord not sure which side he feels like helping today
now, there is an option: the paid version of the app allows you to only receive warnings about earthquakes that are actually dangerous.
martin shkreli faces rough stay in prison system where inmates who funded hair theft are lowest caste
so later that night i went to dinner with one of my friends from work and just randomly in conversation i told him look what i found.
asian economic woes force layoffs of 700,000 pop stars
cackling trump reveals to dinner guests they've all just eaten single piece of his tax returns
i'm not even really on the fence.
everyone should be free to enjoy the sidewalks safely in a manner of their choosing, but am i the asshole for asking them to not run at us?
nra calls for more common-sense gun deaths
however now i've noticed she's always round on fridays, saturdays and sundays - effectively the whole weekend.
when she sends the nudes, i tell her that she looks sexy and sometimes i tell her what i wish i could do to her but i’ve always made it clear that we can’t hook up because i have a girlfriend.
she stopped crying and looked shocked--and even in the moment, i knew that i shouldn't have exploded like that.
anyway i do speak spanish and have since i was a child, i grew up in a bilingual household.
mama duck doesn't recall asking for injured baby to be rescued from road
that's the part i feel bad about.
newest baywatch cast member kicks it with byron allen
circus runaway not looking forward to hometown show
i don't remember what it was, but it was something to the effect of "shit sucks life is pain and linkin park's lyrics finally make sense to me".
so i make a run over to the auto parts store and pick up a few quarts of oil and a filter.
during my explanation two other friends, one guy and one girl, joined the conversation and asked us what we were talking about.
i have no other way of getting to school and i can't change the bus times...
rookie justice gorsuch assigned to supreme court overnight shift
shape magazine declares july 'let yourself go' month
i've also used this pretty often in arguments in the past.
so i was asleep, and all of a sudden i woke up to knocks on the bedroom door.
high school students line up for school oil portrait day
we stayed fuck buddies for another two weeks until she told me she didn't want to do it anymore, and i said that was fine.
travel channel blows its 'bed and breakfasts of new england' wad
area man too poor to afford movers, too old to get help from his friends
this is where i come in, again.
abandoned mall retains eerie vestiges of fun shopping atmosphere
sun goes out for a few seconds
aita for telling small lies to my girlfriend?
lowly mortal opens portal to hell
i now realize his name is gender neutral but i had only ever heard of girls with the name, and so i just assumed.
but some of the stuff from the last few months makes sense now and at least i know she wasn't fucking around on me.
so surprise, surprise he shows up at my place that same night at like 3am which i was like you have to be fucking kidding me dude, you're going to fuck her in the same night you're going to try to fuck me?
she says i made her feel shitty and judged.
b: i am sorry but grades went in already.
otherwise reasonable man sincerely believes u.s. landed on moon
ice machine reaches deep within itself to give man one more cube
i didn't want to skip out on doing work i had committed to do but i also didn't want to turn up if i wasn't welcome.
materialistic single mom constantly thinking of money
it’s just not safe to stay in a neighborhood like theirs even if the adults are there.
area woman worried she's forgetting what heath ledger looked like
groundbreaking study finds gratification can be deliberately postponed
(for the people who are not into csgo, it doesn't matter because it's not much relevant to my story, but for the people who are into it, just because of winning a round doesn't always make you win the whole tournament).
he is a 10-15 minute drive away.
hot new 'murder craze' sweeps chicago
study: majority of new marine life species now discovered while cleaning oil spills
paul ryan currently 141 miles into run through wisconsin countryside
student reporter hits it out of the park with 5 accurate sentences
i don’t have many memories from childhood, but i guess they were good at explaining it because i wasn’t confused.
census bureau: 9,000 to 15,000 people work at census bureau
family without candy sits huddled in darkened house like londoners during the blitz
i really didn't want any sort of relationship with him.
clinton, hagar meet to discuss federal speed-limit issues
so, i left her messages there for about 3 weeks before i finally decided to take out my trusty computer, install an unseen extension and see her messages.
black twins always get mistaken for random black people
then a friend that was with us started talking to her and they left to her table -- she obviously didn't have a boyfriend.
she moved out without seeing me and we haven't really talked much since.
not a difficult fix, but huge inconvenience the week before christmas.
report: lake ice grows safer to venture out on with each beer consumed
aita for getting mad that my girlfriend wants to spend entire weekends at her family's house?
aita [24m] for not taking care of my sick girlfriend [24f]?
she was referring to about a month ago, our daughter was pulling me around in a restaurant and she turned her arm wrong and got a minor dislocation in her elbow.
census finds enough homeless people living in public library to warrant congressional district
sat in backmost corner, nearest guy is 3 seats away.
kavanaugh panicking after botching part of confirmation where he asked if he rejects satan
panicked man completely out of things to talk about 5 minutes into marriage
well, the issue is her grades are **low**...
so i just chalked it up to our team's coach maybe being overly critical, playing favourites, or failing to update her opinions after seeing my beginner performance.
he had only just months prior been allowed to sleep over after 2 years of them being together, so this was a sudden adjustment that shocked a lot of people (our community is primarily viet).
i swear, she did that just so she could get mad at me, cause a sled doesn’t just like, go into a thorn bush.
that stubbornness/forthrightness combined with the pressure he puts on himself has undoubtedly served him well on achieving his goals.
we're going to open a shared savings or investment account where we both put as much as we can, including the amount he would have given to me under my proposal (i always wanted to save it, but i wanted to have some control over it).
however, recently river has become super annoying and rude to many of my good friends.
the thing that makes me think that i am an asshole is that he has started to form an attachment to me and that it would be unfair on him to leave him and unfair on his grandmother that also has a good connection with him.
tl;dr girlfriend is sick, i didn’t go to take care of her; am i an asshole?
[edit] the instagram that was posted on is a private account with only his closest friends on it.
i am not homophobic, it's just against my religion.
i felt kinda bad i didn’t just say thank you but i got my person a $25 gift card so i was expecting the same.
i literally just found this sub today and i hope i am following all the rules.
i am in college, but i still live at home.
firstly, i have never been in a position to have him stay, we haven't ever had the space, time or money.
so, new acc since people know i use reddit.
she then goes on how she trusted very few people and i was one of the few and how she has no friends at the moment.
can you send them to the nearby store?
but if a non-straight girl claims to show interest in me, it just legit pisses me the fuck off.
he said i was a selfish piece of shit, and i have to admit, former climbers who are now injured wanting to come to the gym was not something i had thought of.
lately though when she goes out with friends, she doesn't tell me neither messages me but i can always see on her status how she is hanging out with her friends.
pope francis pardons those who dodged the draft during crusades
aita for wanting my husband to pay for my daughter's college tuition?
if you aren't into bikes let's just say it's a small bike.
pathetic excuse for man paid same wage as female counterpart
perhaps the title is a bit (purposefully) misleading but ill try to make this short.
so, after reading all of this, aista (am i still the asshole?) tl;dr my self-destructive 19-year-old friend is getting engaged to her so of 6 months, i laughed thinking it was a joke, she gets mad at me for not being supportive.
it’s his turn to watch her when after about 10 minutes he comes back saying don’t be upset.
i go in there (friends watching infinity war), i go in and she basically says that what i said was sexist and that those sort of comments are the kind of comments that are the reason women are preyed upon.
i wasn’t gonna do anything at first, but he had been going so slow, to the point where i was about to be late for class.
aita for getting too drunk on nye?
he just really doesn't like the idea of a bunch of guys seeing me naked.
lynx - the owner of the server in which it happened.
aita for allowing a close guy friend [23m] to do favors for me when i know he likes me [21f], but i’m not attracted to him?
i would wash my feet but i'm tired when i get home and i just want to relax.
anyways she's all pissed and he's annoyed i think mostly about having to hear her complain.
i just don't see this turning out good so wibta for not going to the wedding?
since then, the true landlord has come down with dementia.
when we first met he introduced himself as a «musician/artist » and he told me all about his dreams of making it in the music industry.
she keeps closing the dms when messaging her, and i begin to shake, not a 'cold' shake but i guess a fear shake?
i say again because he was a smoker when i met him 12 years ago but managed to hide it from me for almost the first entire year of dating -- i know, great way to start a relationship with a lie -- but somehow we got through it.
study: average father thinks about sealing in meat's juices 4 to 5 hours a day
dollar limit for one of them $15- $20; the other $20.
blotting of ken olin from human memory delayed several years
she assured me again it would be early because wednesdays are slow.
the other girl comes outside my friends’ dorm to “collect his stuff” and talk shit about my friend, and it’s all messy.
trump deploys national guard to press conference for standing ovation
b and i don’t get along.
there was pretty much nothing around; just 3 lanes going east, 3 lanes going west, a median in the middle, and then a ditch on the side.
aita for ditching my online semi-gf over the fact i don't want a full-time online relationship?
i felt like his extreme lack of tact and ability to treat us with some decency sucked up all the possible empathy i had for the situation.
there are 12 of us sharing this huge airbnb house close to a major ski resort.
harrison ford begs agents to just let him die now
fans beg aerosmith to go back on drugs
aita for not driving my brother and mother in law to the hospital?
now flash forward in time, m rarely washes his dishes and lets them pile up, along with this neither m or the over roommate; a, are particularly clean people.
al-qaeda hires public-relations consultant just to shoot him
i also wanna mention i have adhd, so i just..
woman's children officially old enough to pony up for good birthday gift this year
the other morning i was going to the store and asked her if she needed anything.
aita for letting a girl cheat on her boyfriend with me?
the kids having their own rooms is very important to me.
first-generation immigrant couple still adjusting to life of being featured in son's standup routines
i used to be more abrasive about smoking when it was brought up in conversation, making comments like "at least your lung cancer will taste like cherries." nowadays, i don't confront anyone, but i'm still pretty passive aggressive about it.
sometimes we will come across men who run/barrel towards us at full speed (it actually happens more than you'd think) either trying to catch a bus, out on a sprint, or doing who knows what.
friend 1 did not like my answer and implored me not to do it and even went as far a to threaten spreading a story or rumor that was not true.
she says at the end of the day they are young kids.
aging succubus lowering standards for men ever since she turned 40,000
we met a couple times and she even invited me to her parents' home.
political cartoonist's wife finds disturbing nude drawings of uncle sam
anyway i made her cry and i did apologize but it needed to be addressed.
man freely smoking pot in washington literally has no issue he feels strongly about anymore
parents also proud of unsuccessful child
she looked at me shocked like she did nothing wrong and refused.
law schools now require applicants to honestly state whether they want to go to law school
stunned nation mourns as french stewart survives plane crash
sudafed introduces new sinus drill for immediate congestion relief
world-eating leviathan awoken from 500-million-year slumber in martian underground lake after feeling sonar disturbance
&#x200b; if i'm an ass, why is it wrong to walk on grass?
i have fired three people in the three years our business has been running, and im not afraid to fire more if needed.
kavanaugh says it's super embarrassing and sad that christine blasey ford still in love with him
'game of thrones' audience disappointed by season finale's bland, uninspired incest
then christmas came around and my gf and her mom were cooking dinner, also brought me some presents which was nice, but i didn’t want to spend christmas with her fam, so i left to my office.
so basically about 1 month ago me and my friends were playing video games, and we met a guy i'll call l on discord.
so, without thinking, i broke the one that i had borrowed and gave him the other half.
as me and my girlfriends 3 year anniversary is this weekend (dec 21) i booked it off dec 6.
which seemed great for awhile until we both got busy with work and life, as i started a new job.
my gut says i am the asshole, but technically i'm not doing anything illegal or out of line, right?
mike pence vows to cut conservation funding after discovering elk don't mate for life
\[3:59 pm\] him: well i'm genuinely sorry, that wasn't my intention.
this of course made me concerned.
it's that i want to go *alone.* i started on meds to treat my mental health issues a couple of months ago, and now i'm much more socially relaxed and have a more stable sense of self.
aita for quitting a monopoly game when my siblings "cheat" honestly i'm torn on this one so, internet do your thing.
14-year anniversary of 'crash bandicoot' passes by largely unnoticed
because people exit *in the order of seating, from the front to the back.* i remain in my seat until the people in the rows 1 or 2 in front of me begin leaving.
from what i can tell, she doesn't really know what a lot of common slang used here on the internet means, and i usually end up explaining to her what certain words/phrases that i use mean, which i'm okay with.
dressing room curtain tested for vulnerabilities
i clean the floors every week, mop them every month, and perform miscellaneous task like cleaning toilets, cleaning mold from the shower, and picking up or fixing anything where there’s an issue.
try to engage in a normal conversation" "what if you're wrong?
investigative reporter ruins fish sticks for everybody
but i had to get up early today so i just went to bed and didn't say anything.
his response did not seem particularly enthusiastic, but nor did i notice any particular resentment about it.
she didn't even talk things out like a normal person.
of course, at this point im indignant, and go there anyways, wishing my good friend a happy birthday (the party was to celebrate those that had their birthdays that month) and after taking a small 'greeting' parade and some trolling left to do the errands.
i work 10-12 hour days, 5 days a week at a factory.
—basically, the only form of exercise i’ve witnessed him loving doing lately is disc golf, but i don’t even think that’s enough.
aita for not wanting my bf to come on a trip i’m going on with my ex?
but she managed to convince me she didn't by saying the tea was caffeinated to the point where she wouldn't even bother putting a pill in.
i don't know if i can do this every month or twice a month.
qaddafi asks closest advisers if they think he's a bad person
and claims that the brother i grew up with, my role model, no longer exists.
nobody is better than anyone else, they are all the bottom rung of society, so i hate everyone to the degree that a vehement nationalist racist would hate a black man who flew a plane into the world trade center and raped 100 white women on the way.
factory farm chicken rounds out miserable existence by going bad in man's refrigerator
my wife and i have been together for almost a decade and married for about half of that.
my wife and i are both ready for a baby, and we are pretty much right there at the pivotal moment of the timeline we had discussed several times throughout our relationship/marriage.
dvd contains 87 minutes of previously unseen movie
i didn't expect her to knock on my door after 10, so i thought it was no big deal at all, i would run to the store in the morning and grab a fresh gallon of milk and eggs for her.
most of the time i flip a coin and decide who of the two i go home with.
panicking taylor swift realizes it too late to call off assassination after katy perry makes peace offering
rapture wreaks havoc on local book club
ecstatic american indians praise 'the lone ranger'
anyway, i'm not interested in really doing anything further, at least not before thinking it thru, and prolly not even then.
at this point, i think he's using the gf as a "beard" as he doesn't want to come out as interested in guys yet, and i think he's into me too.
fear of being alone, ticking biological clock wed in beautiful outdoor ceremony
though it was my fault for maybe reading too much into it.
i’ll answer any remaining questions though!
i still live with my parents and until very recently i’ve been very dependant on them for multiple things including money, food and car rides.
my friend would always talk shit about them to me.
aita for yelling at a kid at the movies?
maker of pizza rolls rethinks letting fans tell its story
one of our continually running jokes is at the expense of c.
it seems like there is some mass bust at this place each year.
i tell her no that i will finish it either today or tomorrow.
wibta for taking back what i own from my ex-friend?
urban polling stations urge voters to immediately get back in line for general election
report: oh, fuck yeah, egg yolk dripping all over sandwich
sperm bank manager takes wealthy couple to secret back freezer where the real good stuff is stored
he referred me to the hiring managers, and i got a phone interview.
i removed l from all my social media and cut off contact with him.
iran promises to end nuclear program in exchange for detailed diagram of atomic bomb
i also tried calling her, which she also ignored.
we were playing monopoly, and i cheated and it made nathan go bankrupt real fast.
when im finished, i resolve to just pull out, at which point i climax on her ass and back.
\[3:58 pm\] me: but it's not helpful, you sound like you're just trying to be a shit for ????
i have surprised friends with scavenger hunt birthdays, created thoughtful scrapbooks/memory slideshows, etc., or asked everyone to pitch in for a nice piece of jewelry for the birthday girl.
i had discussed the situation with my best friend, and he told me not texting her back is a dick move.
the rest of the original post is below /edit ////////////////////////////////////////////////////// we want to describe both sides in detail, point by point, to stay neutral for more accurate feedback &#x200b; |her concerns - point|his concerns - counterpoint| |:-|:-| |1.
this was followed by her blowing up on me, saying how i was a hypocrite because i was interested in shrooms a couple months ago.
new iranian president really impressed with country's nuclear arms program
keep in mind, nobody has ever had issues (maybe didn't vocalize, but i'm doubtful) with me repaying them.
the dog in question is mostly my mom's, maybe her favorite dog she's ever had.
i have told her this, but despite so many conversations nothing has changed.
overcrowded gop field forces iowa to construct massive town hall stadium
president-elect edwards seen entering chinatown massage parlor
so, wibta if i went against their wishes and wore a different color?
since we do not have too many people in our group, we are always on the look out for more.
poll: 80 percent of americans in favor of storming castle, destroying inhuman monster
and i don’t disagree that he can be rigid and closed-minded.
(i also mentioned how he didn't deserve students giving up their time to come study at his school since he has no respect for us and how if it weren't for us students, he would have no job).
man announces plan to take out anger on first less powerful person he sees
her mom told me to get back to the office if i kept acting like this.
i'm perfectly aware that this is what's happening because i know her very well and she's said so subtly.
old bastard, dirty bastard, dirty old bastard, ol' dirty bastard
the plan was to work out together, get ripped.
unsure if anything ever really happened with them, but his dad died the other day and she wants to visit him and stay w/ his family for a while to help him grieve.
i'm legitimately just trying to be a better ally.
wibta if i called animal control to pick up my neighbor's cat?
i told my girlfriend what happened on a whim yesterday and she got really angry at me, told me that my dad and i violated her trust, and that giving the cat meds was extremely stupid.
he said he was relieved because he never knows how people will react and he doesn’t want to get too close to people before they know.
i whispered my jokes, and he started laughing.
update: literaly right after i postwd this he said that since the joke i said came from a jew it was ok.
homosexuality only thing parents can accept about son
i told him that we didn't have to be together, but if we were, i expected him to support me with my issues the same way i supported him with his: by being transparent, by being held accountable, and by actively trying to identify triggers and work on them while never attacking the other person for their flaws.
when nothing gets done, the burden falls on me.
personal hygiene products are your department, i think, and the candy hearts aren't event available this year, so no worries!
as the totals suggests, i [28m] and my wife [27f] have been trying for a child for about 6 months.
in this country, we have a right to hold any stupid, backwards view we want as long as we don’t harm anyone.
he took exception to it and called the police on me, but theres nothing the police could do about it since i’m not doing anything illegal and there’s no noise ordnance in place.
i've stopped doing it but aita for bullying him?
area dad suffers massive nothing to worry about
pope francis trains for easter mass by dragging pew loaded with rocks across snow
she even video called me while walking around the university i wanted to go to giving me a virtual tour and talking to the staff.â so here comes the drama: one day when we're video calling she tells me about one of her dramas she's currently dealing with.
i've still had romantic feelings for her since then and the past 2 years she's been dating this guy that nobody seems to understand them as a couple.
nervous voter totally blanks on american values while looking at ballot
michael jeffreyton wishes screenwriter had given him more believable name
to retaliate i drowned her makeup in piss and shit.
i take things from his desk, small things that arent expensive but that he uses everyday like pens and staplers.
listener consumed by spittle on corner of mouth
being a stepparent isn’t always easy, i don’t want to be the “evil” stepmom but i also think that it should be ok to have boundaries.
mtv blurs out controversial extended middle finger
he is very condescending about how i can’t understand his situation as he sacrificed a lot to move out from his ex’s.
he is in his upper 20s for context and she will text him when we are on dates even.
my girlfriend and i have been together a couple of years, and we have yet to move out.
cdc attempts to put ebola outbreak in perspective by releasing list of worse ways to die
man wishes live nation would email him whenever any band playing anywhere
this means her parents get to see the baby all the time.
as one of my teammates is dribbling the ball up the side of the court, pt saunters over and pushes him with both hands.
when i told my mother (my aunt's sister) she told me that my aunt was an asshole for telling me something like that.
for the purpose of this story, we’ll call her x.
doctor unable to hide his excitement from patient with ultra-rare disease
although, i do believe he has the potential to succeed and is pretty talented i just cannot in good conscious help him attend any of these overpriced, in my opinion useless degree mills.
she insisted that i wear a suit and she was pissed off after i informed her that i am no longer interested in the position.
through researching and deliberation with my parents, i decided to attend a community college.
new gop tax plan requires welfare recipients to apply for each individual piece of food
jonathan safran foer guesses it's time to give up on silly little dream of becoming good writer
southern hospitality is big here and so is treating others with respect.
study: 90% of bike accidents preventable by buying car like a normal person
dorito-factory employee can't get cool-ranch smell out of clothes
so we moved from arizona to california shortly after that, but i kept the cat and never told them about it since, obviously, i don't want to be arrested for stealing and i want to continue to give this cat a good home.
never posted on reddit before and just made an account to post because i feel very conflicted here.
guy just totally smoking weed on street
bill up and dies in tennessee legislature
parole board swayed by reverse psychology
although she does occasionally ask me, if i have time, but i really have to learn a lot (i do engineering and she does biology, slavic language and a bit of a side job).
but we are still going out tonight.
it's the party!" i was alarmed but played it cool, laughing and saying no thanks, i have an exam first thing tomorrow morning.
i didn't really want to say anything, but she caught me staring and said that she was pregnant.
if she was willing to forget, so was i.
new desktop folder created for sad little creative project
sure, i'll give an *excuse me.* sometimes the crowd is light and it works easy.
he got really mad at me for this, even though he clearly did very shitty thing to do to his best friend at that party.
so what do you guys think: aita for preparing to evict this guy?
low-budget film panders just as shamelessly as big studio feature
she offered to comp our resort fee for the day (worth about $40).
on monday me and the girl i like were talking and she asked me if she called me a certain sexual trigger word if i would get turned on.
after, we took a walk and everything seemed perfect, so i asked her to marry me.
clinton campaign airlifts 200 crates of volunteers to wisconsin headquarters
woman preemptively posts a few good photos of herself online just in case she ever dies in shooting
when i first joined my gym (standard ok-and-cheap ymca) i would always take two towels - one for sweat, and one for wiping down the equipment.
context, i was in school and we were in the yard and i was at the other corner of the yard going with my friend to the bathroom, when i was coming back to my friend who's phone i broke i was jogging towards him as he was recording me.
i didn't realize it was a problem till my boyfriend pointed it out.
aita for not letting my dog sleep on my bed?
nation's beekeepers warn they don't know how much longer they can hold back swarms' wrath
i’m a dumb and horny teenage boy so despite me having realized that i wasn’t that into her and was more thirsty in general during this time i flirted back and she eventually sent me a full body nude in her mirror.
north dakota drinks itself to sleep again
obviously, i'm prone to saying i'm not in the wrong.
they make me go to see a doctor to talk about the situation (or else they'd bring someone in to talk to me).
he and i don't get along, he was abusive to me when i was a child.
the tv is in my room and we fell asleep together.
i was furious, and got mad and gave my wife the cold-shoulder for a few days.
woman's greatest dream to one day dance in studio audience of 'the ellen degeneres show'
it’s like the ultimate neutral food.
i’m not really looking for a relationship because they never really work out well for me cuz i always put myself first.
aita if my good friend (m) repeatedly cheated on another friend of mine (f) and i haven't cut him out of my life?
at this point i am pretty frustrated with them.
area supervisor hates to break up little party
comedy central to air touching man show reunion
in my girlfriend's case, he planted flowers in the plot in the belief that his death, his body, creates new life in the form of nature.
nation unsure which candidate's plan to destroy the environment will create more jobs
report: chip in mug right where mouth goes
a part of me wants to see him, but i’m a bit upset about what he did.
little caesars marketing new marshmallows 'n' gravy pizza directly to president
i was supposed to give him painkillers but falsified documents aita?
epa unveils plan to add 500 million squirts of lemon to u.s. water supply
my counselor said she’d smooth it out and help me schedule a meeting with m so we could talk.
uncle put more thought than usual into this year's gift cards
so i just moved into a new dorm at my college, and he way the suites are arranged is one bathroom with a couple dorm rooms attached to it.
ohio state uses t-shirt blaster to pass out diplomas
i’m 39 and she is 36.
he ends up in an accident that shatters his eye socket.
thomas jefferson impersonator reenacts famous cell phone shouting match with wife
copycat criminals continue to mimic liquor store robbery from 1822
now, john has just come back from his longest absence yet, almost two months.
and, unfortunately, during the pregnancy, her husband passed away.
i have a feeling that i am being the asshole here, but judge away.
a few times since august the neighbor has checked in to see if i was doing anything about it.
apparently everyone who knows me in real life thinks i overreacted.
man actually shouting at other man to get jennifer aniston romantic comedy made
the day after christmas he has a tradition of going for a morning hike with his childhood best friends and their respected sos/wives.
hanes apologizes, pulls t-shirts from shelves after seeing how local man looks in them
she also happens to be a very strong feminist.
i haven't said it to her, but i no longer find her attractive and i am starting to resent her for not caring about what was one of the core foundations of our relationship.
the next morning my boss called me asking who was responsible for this.
i tune in and she's reading my tweet out on stream and laughing about it, and calls me mr.
at last, i guess i pushed him to the limit.
or standing guard at that corner to make sure they don't bark.
she asked me if i was going to marry her one day, and i foolishly had said yes.
so were my great uncles, and my uncle.
even though she cant control when she has it, she can, for the most part, anticipate it.
like it tasted okay, but the butter was too much my friend hated it, i didn’t like it, so we told the waitress she asked if we wanted to try it without the butter we said sure.
these clothes are a shirt (his parents gave him) slippers (that don’t fit), and pj bottoms.
our statements match so no issues.
crate & barrel introduces line of disgusting couches you can put on your porch
student fills in new essay portion of sat with all c's
jogger clearly on first run of plan to turn life around
i can’t sit back and pretend her work is risk-free anymore and it has caused a huge rift between us.
i know it's a very challenging time and i'm not expecting nor do i want constant communication or updates by any means but when it's been three days and not a single message, it does get to me, especially after the last message was them saying that they'd call me the next day to chat.
aita for charging a drink to a hotel room i'm writing from the perspective of my 22yr old female friend i follow this minor celebrity on twitter.
friend who's going through difficult emotional time carefully avoided
clinton throws flash grenade to divert attention from question about senate voting record
i joined as a "flex" player meaning i was supposed to fill in for whatever was needed for the group's activities, but with a promise that when a slot came open on the a team, i would get that slot.
my parents didn’t want to pay for our food because there where leftovers in the fridge ( which is understandable) so we had to pay for it ourselves.
i buy captain crunch, she eats it, i buy my favorite chips, she eats them, things like this.
pediatricians announce 2011 newborns are ugliest babies in 30 years
i had no plans of initiating conversation with her or anything like that.
he knows it about me, and we are very respectful to each other's beliefs or lack thereof.
not all of them are pictures of her, but sometimes its animals and just photography, you get the point.
i didn't think it was possible to fall in love with anyone else.
p does a lot of nude photography in nature, which i think is really cool.
yesterday, all of us were together for a birthday when i mentioned my daughter, m would start sat classes.
i thought i should tell him, since it felt like something i shouldn't hide, so i did.
she is very scared and told my son (21m) that she was planning to have an abortion.
aita for being mad at him for working overtime and not being paid?
aita for not tutoring my younger sibling my parents want me to tutor my sister but i know that would just be a waste of time.
since september, i've shared a student apartment on campus with 3 randomly assigned roommates, all girls my age (18-20).
this is important because my friend has grandparents that are like family to me.
it was eating some grass between two tall wooden fences that blocked out the side of the neighbor's house.
or should i have lied about his dream?
i wasn't sure what to do about my date that night.
villagers turned into crack fighting squad overnight
yet i don’t get the same respect from you.
laughing is beyond my control, and i couldn't help myself at all, i think this is kinda an overreaction.
back to curling up on the couch sipping iced tea while watching netflix.
but now i’m too the point where i can’t stand when she joins the lobby because i know we are gonna take l’s all night.
mytron the fifth, illuminati ruler and secret overlord of all humanity, dead at 112
all the family (dad's and mine) send him gifts and very rarely is it wrapped.
he threatens to kill himself often, but not for attention.
my family that still lives in america seem to think that i hate them because i don't text or call, i have trotted the globe (if it really is a globe ha ha) and i did the same thing.
ttt lives four hours away from me and fishfan420 so we wouldn't have a chance to just randomly bump into him.
l.a. adds high-speed chase lane to freeway
aita for smoking on the couch?
it was mainly how they acted after the fact that upset me so much.
i'm no longer in college, but last year i was taking classes at a local community college.
my dad did give me the origin login details for fifa 19 which was nice of him, and i did already have just cause 3 on my steam account, i still don't understand why my dad didn't just force me to share my account with him instead of buying the game twice.
aita for being heated with my friend because of other things going on?
getting arm squeezed by walgreens blood pressure machine most physical contact man has had in months
it would be a disaster if he tried anything and i'd hate if that happened to him.
nation's sports fans demand to spend $21.99 on something
we continue talking until the day of the exhibition.
turnout lower than expected for gala central african awards
my post "blew up" about as much as it could have in a social media group with less than 100 people.
when i mentioned the "not enough food" thing, she says she never said that, while i'm thinking inside "the whole fucking reason my brother got pissed at me is because you said those fucking words" other problems: she makes food in the oven for her and john to snack on.
i really want to know what kind of shenanigans she will pull.
if i don't see anything happening initially or i got what i wanted, i usually say i am too busy or something came up, and then cease communication.
biden's ebay feedback rating dips below 35 percent
andrew mccabe spending few days as congressional bathroom attendant to satisfy pension requirements
joseph might have a grudge with me, because he keeps trying to start this and make it into a big thing.
i told a full-timer i expected compensation of some sort for her actions since i shouldn't have to deal with a ruined shirt.
so one time, i was doing a favor for this teacher, just stacking chairs (i went to a private school and we were getting ready for lunch bc our chapel was in the same room).
united airlines updates policy on allowing dogfights in passenger cabin
we've fooled around a few times but have never actually had sex.
i then tagged myself as a "volunteer community moderator." i felt like this was reasonable.
then this the new guy grabbed my bag saying that is hes bad( granted our bag look the same but there is clear difference my bag has a medium size tear and hes doesnt).
onion social study finds no clear link between onion social use, uncontrollable vomiting of black bile
documentary about plymouth rock throws in some world war ii to keep people interested
man on date ready for question about siblings this time
she's the one who wants to bring a new dog.
fast forward to yesterday, she asked me if she could go over for a couple christmas joints.
no problem, kind of annoying -- would have liked to be warned -- but as long as he stayed grounded in reality it wasn't an issue.
this has happened literally like 3 times in one day.
local man almost finished collecting fantasy football winnings from 2005
i was given detention and ordered to apologize.
michael jordan displeased with this week's burnt offerings
we also talk about our day, food, dogs, and life.
sometimes he is in the wrong and sometimes me, but we like to clear the air once we are both composed.
it's been to the point she even accepted to hug me whenever i needed to, and i needed it on a daily basis, of course.
environmental study finds air in chicago now 75% bullets
but now she’s guilt tripping me into staying home, i’m trying to hold my ground.
before os got his license, these random men would be the ones picking up and dropping off stepson to our home.
now once inside, i was very mad at him for doing this, so i said “why would you do that!
the whole ordeal lasted approximately one year.
then again, the, "an absolute jerk" part probably triggered them.
frustrated republicans argue pope should leave science to scientists who deny climate change
aita for getting annoyed with parents who drive their kids to affluent neighbors on halloween?
putin condemns ukrainian people's unprovoked 1,000-year occupation of south russia
i'm starting to wonder if i was in the wrong though, with distance from the issue.
netanyahu begins calling for israeli return to ancient homeland of iran
i really needed the help so i said yes.
dont mess with me boy!" i ignored them and pretended that they weren't there for the rest of the lunch.
dying woman sorry she won't get to see 37-year-old son grow up
id stare at her when she wasn't looking.
she offered to pay for it, but i said she could just give it back to me when she gets a new phone.
american media reports news other than zoo's escaped cobra as if anything else really matters
area man good for the economy
(it’s about a 5 minute walk).
she started laughing and long story short she thinks i should be the one who should apologize.
i send another text a week later, ignored.
i said that this was true, but it's basically really hard to believe them when they claimed to like me and want to be friends, but their behaviour was saying otherwise.
that knife guy from high school arrested in knife-related incident
because physics, it gone onto the exterior of her car.
yesterday i got fed up with it.
smithsonian acquires rare photograph where whole family looks really nice
after she grabbed her phone again and i leave the room, like five minutes after that she starts she tries to take me out of the room, but i'm mad at this point and take her phone out of her hands, and throw it out a window.
zoo hosts contest to name baby of pregnant gift shop worker
besides, i've used some of that saved up money to get myself a nice computer for school and to fix up my car.
we have both had feelings for each other for about 4 years even before i was married, but the timing was just never right.
they also have a dog so he was hugging the dog and he kissed it so, i made a joke to myself saying that its pretty gay.
'sometimes it feels like you're the only one who understands me,' whispers trump to white house roach infestation
i forced him to confess to jane, threatening to tell her myself if he didn't.
she has some friends that are extremely into politics.
mom was a dopehead, which dh or ss didn't know, and she had ss commit a robbery to feed her dope habit.
i was in the left lane, slowly passing the other cars and was not weaving in and out of lanes or anything.
i am sending her money while i’m gone.
orlando locals fear town starting to become overrun by tourists
man coming to terms with fact that shower not getting any hotter
so i stop and take off my shoes and start walking to the bathroom to rinse them off in the tub.
as for my dad, he feels like no one respects him because he had no say in any of this.
i've grown up with their devotion to making it work and dealing with working tired/sore/sick.
and this dude is pretty pissed.
billy ray cyrus to speak out on single-payer health-care issue on politically incorrect
sanders supporters viciously attack bernie sanders after he criticizes mistakes of 2016 sanders campaign
busy obama sends drone to pick up sasha from school
normal etiquette with roomates let alone someone you’ve shared a home with long term.
cm's wife just passed away and my scholarship coordinator wants all of the students to sign a card for him.
aita for letting my friend take my flatmates juice?
out of know where there is a knock at the front door and i can see a flashlight shining on the porch.
scavenger-hunt party 'not leaving without twine'
i met this girl on tinder and we really hit it off.
co-worker brought food smells into my car despite my wishes and them not having paid for their meal.
aita for letting my dogs gang up on my neighbors dog for his poor excuse of "introducing" them?
she complained to the teacher that i was being harrassing and we had to go into mediation with a counselor.
i asked her if mom to come back to this house she owes me an apology.
i'm someone who has a hard time saying anything remotely hurtful to another person.
normally i'd be fine with doing this if they weren't my friends, like in a peer review.
i'm not sure why this pisses me off so much, but it does.
it’s january now and i’m still with nick but i occasionally feel twinges of guilt about mike.
you can just push shit in back seat out of way
everyone i asked about it verbally reassured me that they thought i was great, saw potential, loved me and wanted me around...
i asked people in a different sub and they said it's my fault for leading him on...
i need your opinion, am i an asshole for stating that most females live on recruit difficulty and that they dress and wear themselves inapropriately.
end of last meals for death row inmates could decimate texas restaurant industry
he fell, and completely sprawled onto the floor.
i told them last night i wanted to “talk about my mattress that was thrown away, which i discovered on my own and wasn’t told about”.
aita for getting jealous my friend is in a relationship even though i’m already dating.
my office manager apparently walked in with photo of a table on her phone and shook me awake to get a confirmation on a price for a customer.
motion picture academy releases complete list of films that can be enjoyed without supporting sexual predator
to make up for it, i dedicate friday's and saturday's for her where we go on dates - going out to eat and watch movies.
i try walking away and she follows me, still continuing to make a scene and screams at me for my sleep schedule (even though we fell asleep at the same time because we had the same hotel room).
houseguest given entire rundown on input 1, input 2
so i was shocked, visibly in my expression.
national trust for historic preservation raises millions to demolish trump's boyhood home
heavily processed food makes pathetic nutritional claims
so i decided to end the relationship with her.
people were standing right outside my door and laughing.
woman constantly treating herself for once
he himself said "there is a heavy double standard".
final edit/update - ex emailed me.
we talked a lot about marriage.
country singer trying to think of rhyme for 'shove you'
biden searching white house one last time for missing pet snake
i don't push it, and he goes into the other room to sleep.
we don’t have sex that often for a young couple.
area man fantasized about for one and only time in his life
their dog kept coming over to my yard, so i complained again.
there's no one i know with the space, i sure as heck don't have the space, and i can't afford a storage unit.
looked like he didn't notice anything.
craig kilborn ready to return to the daily show
also you treat me like an autist.
migrant child coming down from drugs freaked out to discover cage actually real
emporia, kansas named best small town in america to escape from
she then bitches about how allison gets good grades (and probably how i got good grades too, lmao).
no one would know that i’m actually doing nothing in here.
loss of virginity more humiliating than original virginity
trump thinking of beginning rnc speech with sexist tirade he was saving for special occasion
shit happens in my life and i’m depressed.
honestly i was shocked at this - my boyfriend and i are both perfectly capable of going to things alone and we are by no means joined at the hip.
u.s. fish and wildlife service reintroduces straw hat-wearing boys to old fishin' holes
paul ryan worried history may judge him harshly for failure to confront tyrannical food stamp abusers
i'd understand if she came up with a valid excuse for why she couldn't date me specifically, such as my ethnicity, even if it was completely made-up.
my son couldn't sleep, he was tired of it.
she apparently feels that this is disrespectful and that she can't "say the right thing" as a result.
she said she was ready to do so, telling me she really loved me, and i really liked her to, and she was doing a great job at turning her life around.
furloughed federal employee starts online search for new government
ben carson tormented by periodic rational thoughts
they get pretty loud sometimes and our walls are super thin.
if she wants to do something like she does this saturday, fine, whatever.
so tonight i walked into the office and saw my high school aged coworker finishing off what was clearly a jell-o shot (a small plastic container filled with jello and alcohol) so i confronted her and asked if it was what i thought it was.
he arrives to work late constantly, holding up everyones work.
nervous maid of honor just stringing together random maya angelou quotes
doesn't help ex takes forever to respond when i text him to confront him about it.
this happened monday, fresh off the weekend and its been annoying me ever since.
i feel being flat honest will hurt his feelings...
aita for warning my roommate about the dangers of random people with fetishes buying things from you for unreasonable money?
note: on mobile so sorry if there are any format problems so this happened not even an hour ago.
man just going to assume apartment has functional carbon monoxide detector somewhere
report: many jobs lack benefits to cut
now, i am effectively working 2 positions.
it'll be expensive, like 15k a year, but i've talked to my husband and we can spare the money because we want our daughter to get a top-tier education.
struggling high school cuts football—nah, just kidding, art it is
i'm not doing this to hurt her, it's just that i honestly lost all interest in her, and don't feel like talking to her anymore, or going out again.
they had it for about a year, and tried taking ownership of it.
my girlfriend is in tears too, wailing "why would he doo this!!???" in my rage, i take the cat and stick his face in the poo in a horrible and useless attempt at forcing a mental connection between "you're shitting here" and "we're not happy about it".
i'm still banned to this day, even though this whole thing happened half a year ago.
moral tacked onto end of man's life
i bring it up and she gets defensive saying i shouldn't have been so close to her.
sci-fi fans argue the better of two as-yet-unreleased films
i stood up and we began to argue then i punched his mirror and headbutted his rear left passenger window before i got back onto my bike and rode away.
at this point i assume that she doesn’t want to be friends with me anymore.
obama returns from india with these gross candies for everyone
yes i know that in a perfect world that would make sense.
so this scenario happens with multiple people and it really pisses me off.
a lot of it sounds like bs because it all just seems like attention seeking and all her stories are a little too corny and played out like she took it out of a movie.
police officer wouldn't have killed black man if he knew everyone would make such a big fuss about it
i mentioned this to her once and she acknowledged it but didn't change her behavior.
&#x200b; it's reached a peak where we argue about the grandparent situation more than anything, and it gets worse every time.
and i would like to think i am being understanding for the physical side of things(not her fault for having her period etc.).
i have about a dozen male family members that all come outside to smoke and everyone enjoys it.
the words they used were more to the effect of "douchebag" and "arrogant." i am technically an asshole, i said that in the title.
i scurried down the trail to catch up with wife and mil.
i don’t think we ever really bonded and i’m not sure it will ever happen.
edit 3: i have apologized to my wife, and she responded positively.
everyone was moody and sleep deprived.
he tries to reassure me that he is perfectly fine with it, but i'm not - i just feel guilty.
i wanted some space earlier and i was fine after that, but then you started sending more messages and it made me even more fucking worse but that's fine, i guess " &#x200b; t said around this time that 'u guys are happy sometimes but most of the time ur just upset, and that's not healthy' &#x200b; i didnt know what to say to that.
high school student council passes nonbinding resolution
u.s. continues proud tradition of diversity on front lines
i'm going to set up an appointment with a therapist and do something nice for him to celebrate our engagement.
black community united by love of homeboys in outer space episode
he has anxiety or something and is kind of afraid of being too real, or at least tries to get away from it instinctively, so i can understand why he does it.
family figures grandpa never talks about wwii because nothing interesting happened to him
i can definitely understand this point of view, taking into account that my close friend probably didn't realize that i would feel this way and that she did it with no harm in mind (she's a nice girl but kind of slow ).
nasa discovers impact crater of meteorite that first brought horses to earth
i had equipment and loved this guy and friends so i said sure i'll come dj and party.
i understand why she's doing it.
on one hand because part of me feels like i'm way behind even tough this is not a competition.
she said that she will promise to think about it herself.
heavily starched shirt only thing keeping larry king upright
in the second example, i had a strong feeling that she did want to continue, despite her stating that she didn't.
the rock was very small but i loved it because we were very poor and i wore it until our wedding, then i switched to my wedding band.
my ex recently came out as being a bisexual.
but i still can't help that it hurts and i'm annoyed at their apparent choice to only seek other sexual partners.
coworker who went to gym this morning a chipper little fucker
tim kaine clearly tuning out in middle of boring vice presidential acceptance speech
new law requires richard gere to personally inform residents when he moves to new neighborhood
happy to answer any questions to clarify any parts.
a few months ago i got to know that me and my brother will be having a new sibling around the end of may.
and i decide this argument is stupid.
29-year-old has blast writing his will
am i the asshole for complimenting her on her english skills?
am i an asshole for perhaps depriving someone (that actually learns everything, knows it's just a bunch of crap, but doesn't have the nerve to cheat) of a scholarship?
new mountain dew vows to kill 99.9% of stomach bacteria
i was not in the right mindset to be angry at him then, but now that i'm reflecting on it he ruined everything from a's house until i went home.
she says she just wants to vent to someone she can trust (like me) but i’m an introvert and have difficulty processing emotions’, i just want to left alone.
it was subtle but i could tell.
i'd do a little bait & switch with bottles and cups and he'd never know what really went in the sauce.
morning after morning after pill re-impregnates guilt-ridden women
so this isn’t super recent but my friend recently brought up an event that i had forgotten from a few years ago.
i actually love the way she handles things.
kasich trying to find other states where he is beloved multi-term governor
anyway yesterday i decided to take back a little bit and i stole his credit card which had $14 left on it, i ordered about $6.50 worth of products and deleted his card and never touched it again.
who caters to whom?” and he said, “the one who got there last caters, obvs.” i really, really don’t agree.
terry jones - could have at least manned up and burned one koran
27-year-old unsure whether he can pull off keeping framed picture of wife on desk
i felt mature enough to handle a friendship without letting my feelings get in the way.
resident of three years decries neighborhood's recent gentrification
book-club meeting degenerates into discussion of oscars
at first i enjoyed the feel as well as the extra work it gave me, but recently it's been happening all too regularly, which halts and creates issues for the jobs i need to get done.
he started getting angry and saying im just a bully.
we both smoked weed every once in a while but at least on my end it was maybe once every couple months anyways flash forward to about a year ago.
dasani under fire after tanker explosion leads to massive water spill off coast of mexico
from my point of view, having only my desklight on in the room makes the room dim enough to sleep, but my roommate complained to the ra about it.
my best friend's farewell party has been set since last month, while my girlfriend only told me of her event last week.
got home, placed another ice pack from the freezer to help with the swelling.
me and person 2 (we shall call him) have done the majority of it because the other 3 are literal morons.
two weeks later and vincent harasses me on social media telling everyone i'm an abusive piece of shit.
police found golden state killer by tracing owner of 'iamthegoldenstatekiller.com' website
i tell her that i know she always answers, and she thinks for a bit and says she does, and that she was just thinking about how she doest want to answer so she assumed real fast she never did answer.
right as i am approaching, somebody comes from the other end and puts on their blinkers, but with the way the car is pulling out i have access first so i pull in.
scrabble come-on only worth four points
gm workers strike for 2,000-peso raise
she seemed fine by the end of the night, so i left.
real toy used as sex toy
give her the retirement and the end of life she deserves with her husband who she loves.
am aita for calling my friend back while in the car?
she texted me over the next couple days (i didn’t respond as i didn’t want to lead her on), and on the last day she went on a huge rant calling me all sorts of names...so i think i dodged a bullet there.
i blocked her on everything, packed my shit and found the cheapest, shittiest apartment i could find, just to get away from her and the kid she's carrying...
at the end of the night, he texted me and said he had a really good time and hopes that i will open up more to him and the idea of being more physically affectionate.
report: just so you know, your younger sister probably getting laid pretty regularly these days
we'd all hang out, i'd get to play my role, i'd play well and they'd see that, we'd build better communications and it would be fun.
ps: this is a phobia, so i cannot really explain why i feel like i do, but mostly i just find jewelry to be dirty and tacky.
i finish the dishes and then call my dad, working late at work.
i told her that i have anger management problems and that i was doing my best at keeping my cool.
new honda commercial openly says your kids will die in a car crash if you buy a different brand
studio admits entire israeli-palestinian conflict just marketing campaign for 'you don't mess with the zohan' that got out of hand
aita for asking my brother to keep his promise and wait to propose until after our wedding?
parents clinging to lone religious element of daughter's wedding ceremony
i’ve been feeling really guilty, but i didn’t realize why she was offended until the damage was done.
i told her my schedule changed and i would let her know if i needed her to babysit.
i've never been caught and i don't think i ever will be.
fed admits up until now u.s. has just been coasting off money from 'avatar'
we are both excited about the prospect, but there is one major sticking point.
got tired of him after she dumped her first bf finally, then ghosted the work guy who was now confused how this hot girl that flirted with him yesterday now won't even face him (same as mike and me i).
bill & melinda gates shocked to learn ghanaian school never intended to pay back money lent to them
they're a good source of fun, and definitely improve my life significantly.
we can’t find anyone to take them.
new claritin flamethrower incinerates whatever causing allergies
study reveals lobsters feel pain and get off on it like the kinky little perverts they are
she claimed she had to run away because the people she flung water at started coming at her.
i've always appreciated that they open up their home to use for game nights, most if us would not have the space that we need to get together.
evidence piling up mom slept with one of her college professors
aita for wanting to keep the cash?
pectoral muscles targeted by fitness fundamentalists
and it was an incredibly *steamy* conversation.
he didn't follow me and about 30 seconds later started to laugh again from the living room.
i don't know whether she would leave me now or forgive me.
he starts going off saying "no, that's bullshit...
259 new objects now available in gummi form
woman's primal instincts activate to protect nearly finished glass of wine from approaching server
a year later the guy who ratted on swim od'ed after christmas at his house alone, leaving behind his new son.
we had this fight a couple days ago and i am just wondering if i am an asshole for what i said to her.
glowing ahmadinejad: 'i am the nuclear weapon we've been building'
trump forced to take on second job as cvs cashier in order to pay down business debts
&#x200b; it's getting to the point that i \*do\* sometimes think about breaking up with him.
so about year ago, i was at work and my friend who comes in regularly to hang out with me (i work in a shop) popped through.
aita for wanting to confront him about this in a more direct way?
voters excited to use midterms to put country back on different wrong track
my dad is always at home because he works from there and i can't just ask him to leave just so we can have sex confortably.
further, i tell her that i would rather use our vacation fund for joint holidays and not seperate trips and that i don´t want to set a precendent of taking seperate trips like this - i am uncomfortable with the idea.
also sorry for formating, i'm on mobile.
clear american sky a constant reminder of industrial inferiority
he thinks he was justified because he didn't want them to get more aggressive and potentially kill someone.
she was trying to be more interesting and even bought me a book on relationships, but i already knew it was over.
i was thrilled with the fact that i could see my friends again, but now, something's different.
i have people who agree it was the right thing to do, and one person saying i was being an asshole...
adam sandler fans disappointed by intelligent, nuanced performance
john deere unveils new line of lawnmower sidecars
not sure if right sub to be posting, suggestions welcome to direct me somewhere better...but...
michael cohen granted prison work release for new job with trump 2020 campaign
he seems to have dropped the topic but is this something that i should bring up again?
we all told him to end it and get over her because she was treating him like shit.
it's tough to see things objectively when you're stressed.
but i also have an obvious bias against the guy.
she gets into depressive moods often and i have been at a loss for ways to help.
i didn't know this and none of the people around us did.
so i yell out at the mother "are you embarrassed to be seen with a disabled kid or something?" the mother was gobsmacked.
today she jokingly said "i'm going to go on my phone for 2 minutes and theres nothing you can do about it" so i left and she got upset.
he gave my older kids eating disorders, tried to brainwash the kids into urine therapy through scaring them that cavities were cancer and we had an epic divorce full of him demanding dirt, which i wasn't about to pay to excavate from the yard.
idk what to do now cause i’m just tired of everything that’s been happening.
i see that kate is doing the same, so i take the opportunity to give her my condolences because she still looked upset.
>me: so people could actually tell me what they wanted instead of having to go through a third party.
was it just a harmless prank?
i woke up because the three stooges mentioned above were trying to wake up dopey, who remained deeply passed out.
we've been saving up so much money for so long to get to pay for this wedding.
we decided that we would just bite the bullet and go with the room with the 7th graders though to day i thought about how better my trip would be if i went with the other room so i decided to switch without discussing with my friend.
but i’m not sure how i was rude.
my parents called to check on me.
there have been times that women will see other men, which is fine in and of itself as we're not committed, but the men they see have extensive criminal records and unpaid debts.
they generally don't get the hint and end up snapping at me because i keep talking about it.
'i'm trump all the way,' says man who will die from mishandling fireworks months before election
deep, inherent sadness of favorite bar overlooked
report: there just something dark and intriguing about man with serious personality disorder
i pretty much feel like i should be allowed to use whatever words i want.
tearful anthropologists discover dead ancestor of humans 100,000 years too late
i’m not the obsessive type but i just can’t sleep until he’s home so i’d stay up til 3-4 am sometimes when i work mornings.
they are japanese manga books with some very risque drawings that i've had for years.
i am not a mind reader!
i was planning to drive 5 hours for the interview and was preparing myself until the recruiter called me 3 days before the interview day and informed me that wearing a suit is a must, i tried to explain to her that wearing a suit for interview is not common in tech companies and i never dressed up formally for any interviews before.
rose (not real names), my girlfriend, was complaining to me about her mother.
parents sit down with child for 'sex, lies, and videotape' talk
area man thinking about getting one of those all-body scans
closer as in more cuddly or affectionate.
street harasser haunted by woman who got away with dignity intact
we tried many behavioral changes, and some days were better than others.
i really just don't know, am i being selfish?
aita for not wiping down the gym equipment?
physics t.a. not born in u.s.
i've been doing this all because i am bored and because i like the chaos, i know it sounds edgelord but i find it really funny how riled up some americans get over these topics, though i guess i understand since they live there.
i’m just not sure what i should do, i don’t know if this means her feelings arent strong for me despite her saying so and its a pretty unique situation since its through online rather than a coworker etc.
he said that it would be at least a few months before i'm fully recovered, but that he'd rather have a surgeon decide how long would be appropriate for the permit.
this happened a while ago, but it's been weighing on my conscience ever since.
candidate to accuse opponent of racism just to see what happens
trump confirms all violent options on the table in venezuela
&#x200b; i obviously don't want to make my cosigner worry about me not being able to pay rent and mess up that trust, so i planned on saving this paycheck to ensure that i always have enough to pay my share of the next month's rent/utilities/etc.
my chance came a few weeks later, when i got invited to a gaming discord group with some of the other guys from my program, including d.
constantly making comments about how i'm "so hormonal" and how i'm being a "typical woman".
i just said that i will report you if you break rules that are already in place.
i explained to her that she fell asleep in the uber.
i know it's kinda morally wrong, but, is it really?
i was walking my dog in my neighborhood and came to a crosswalk that was blocked by a parked car.
thing is though, i love coffee and hate paying for it.
on the other hand, there is no way a deaf cat can be left outdoors.
once again i do nothing about it.
sorry for the grammar english is not my native language
i know i’m not totally in the right here but i think lisa is more wrong because she’s mad at me for something that we never decided was against the rules.
aita for being mad because a complete stranger is going to have access to my things?
we were playing with two other people, so 4 in total.
before i left, i texted sam to say bye.
tiny dog suffocates in louis vuitton bag
i will never ever order here again, and will be telling everyone i know this shi#ty experience.
election night orgy shifts positions so everyone can see results come in
walking right behind me and talking full volume with her bff.
thanks for not laying into me too much about it though.
she said i wasn’t being “googley” enough and that i wasn’t representing google properly.
shooting suspect released after not breaking any arizona laws
nation would rather think about 9/11 than anything from subsequent 10 years
mass graves: are they really more cost-effective?
maybe once a week (always been that way).
someone i knew posted slightly nsfw pic of two underage anime characters and talked about how she shipped them.
"thank you so much for everything." he gives me his number and tells me to inform him once i'm out.
she also finds absurd some of the reasons that have kept her at home, but she thinks it would be too much trouble to try and convince her parents to let her do what she prefers.
we ignored each other for the rest of the car ride.
the thing that normally sets it off is if we are having a disagreement or i know he's annoyed or mad at me, i can't just drop it.
i asked why and she didn't give an explanation, which i now know is because she was in a room full of her friends when she called to break up with me.
she was super nice at the time too and agreed.
when i first moved in, i had nothing.
ecosystem sobered by how young species was when it went extinct
he doesn't really talk to patrick, and i'm sure they're not even particularly close or anything, but he made a point this thanksgiving break to hang out with him and see him.
he answers by saying again that is where he would like to sit, so i say no, with my rationale being that his reasoning is simply the same as my reasoning to be sitting in this spot, plus i have the added reasoning being that i am already in said seat.
to spare him from embarrassment and rejection, i basically told him she's out of his league (not literally, but it was implied).
i am out of most of the message groups, which turn out to be essential for the social life ouside of school.
gop claims kavanaugh shouldn't lose appointment for youthful indiscretion of repeatedly lying under oath
imwe weren’t sure we should leave because we didn’t really want to spend new years in a car.
pepsi ceo's wife buys coke when she's mad at him
he goes to get something from the kitchen for the table and comes back and states that if i do not move he will be very angry with me, to which i reply that if i cannot sit here, then i will simply leave.
we were really good friends and i developed a crush on her.
aita for telling my gf which pornstar i was getting off to?
historical archives: kid-ney bean shaped organ recently discovered
day, i learned that he was really bitter after that exchange.
aita for hating my ex's new relationship disclaimer: throwaway, vague story to avoid identification ex and i broke up on mutual decision, some important aspects for the relationship didn't quite work.
as a preface, my ex-girlfriend and i dated for 5 years.
over the next few dates he would play some of his music, it was very basic electronic music with very few unimpressive vocals, the type anyone can produce at home on a laptop.
he very quickly ignored this and started walking aimlessly to try to find another atm to get money out.
aita for being upset with my partner after something he said that upset me, but now he's hurt that i brought it up again?
tl;dr i asked my son if he wanted to go to a basketball game that happens to be when he’s with his mom, she gets mad at me and says he can’t go because i was being a being a bully.
i was confused, but glad i had all that.
eventually she says she’s gonna give me space and promises she still likes me and is here for me, and i don’t respond.
at 12:03 he texted and said that him and his girlfriend were getting tired and that they were going to go to bed, so we shouldn’t come over.
this year i have a job and i am able to donate, which i have done, but with it comes a personal urge for me to let people know that i have donated.
tldr: i slept with a girl in an unhappy relationship who is already cheating on her kind of dickish boyfriend.
ended up getting together a couple weeks later.
son surprised dad knows johnny cash song
she lives in a different area which is an extra 5 minute drive to her house, but my friend lives only a block away from my house.
i return to the parking lot of jeremy’s shop and begin doing exactly what bruce suggested i do, and i change my oil right there in the parking lot.
onion social denies rising global temperatures linked to 50,000 coal plants running round the clock to power site
it has been used on me, with multiple players getting a correct town read on me; the particular case it was used on me was imo more assholey than anything i've done, the player was using all manner of gay rape language on me.
she got an awful boyfriend who dropped acid all the time.
i later learned why my ex had been acting so weird that day.
i think m couldn't find any one else either so that's why she asked me.
i’m on this bus trip for two main reasons: i have a car in adelaide that i need to drive back to melbourne and i also haven’t seen my dad in 4 months aswell (he’s the one who helped me buy the car aswell).
i'm afraid of outright telling him i prefer the fresh, pretty flowers because i'm aware of how petty it sounds.
we covered fence, siding, and roof repairs.
he told me that he thinks he’s bi.
through my husband's job he had $300 worth of bonus credit that had to be spent before the end of the year, otherwise he would lose it.
does this reasoning make me an asshole?
none of what i said to my parents are true—i love that they come here everyday, i love hearing them talk and i’m sad to know they are leaving soon.
my gym, like most, has those oddly-small white towels available for members.
child who just wanted clothes spares uncle's feelings by pretending to like xbox
full use of both rear legs, no lasting issues with lungs or anything.
aita for getting pissed at and blaming my brother's girlfriend for my spiralling mental health?
she constantly brings up irrelevant shit and causes controversy just to see a bit of drama!
date invites woman upstairs to check out red flags
we even went to a counselor but nothing has worked.
and no i don’t want it “spruced up” i want my picture to be left the way it was because i love it.
while i'm no expert on japanese culture or criminal procedure, but she made it sound like there was a significant chance she might get brushed off or not believed if she escalated it.
federal judge pencils blocking trump's unconstitutional executive orders into monthly schedule
aita: we ordered pizza from the domino's arround the corner.
aita for being aroused when my girlfriend tells me about her sexual assault.
we went to the dog park to take our pups, and she was getting very handsy with me, she kept hugging me and nagging at me.
report: it a miracle nothing has punctured your eye yet
this has basically been a bunch of hook ups, and we've been sort of inching into actually dating territory.
new film only stars one eddie murphy
both ways the trip was 9 hours since there was a lot of traffic, and gas was expensive.
i don't agree with that charge.
stresses of white house causing bo to go prematurely gray
report: just 2 more days and you can forget all of this, vanish into 'red dead redemption 2'
i didn’t say anything, of course, because it was her choice, not my place to criticize her for how she wants to represent herself.
health experts urge parents to dramatically reduce childrens' on-screen time
i've won local car and bass contests because it's something i put my heart and soul into.
at about half past 9, i get called downstairs to say goodbye to my grandma, which takes up about 5 minutes.
but whenever me and my siblings do this, she gets all high and mighty about it.
now that is not to say that my looks can't play a role (physical attraction is important to me as well) but i can't be with anyone where that is the only or main reason why they are dating me.
area man refuses to accept bus-route change
i mearly make the suggestion and yet get yelled at everytime.
aita for getting mad at my husband for not telling me about a late work meeting?
i would also feel like an ass for suggesting that they pay for a babysitter because i know babies are not cheap and the husband just got let go from his job of over 10 years.
i haven’t hooked up with anna since lisa and i got together so i’m still being faithful.
we also sext, though we make it clear that we wont make it physical.
cameraman strikes gold with tubby fan eating ice cream, dancing, holding baby
so i know a girl who got pregnant beginning of our senior year.
to top it off, i'm actually considering hitting on the ex-wife.
a month into our relationship she was date-raped at a party and was suicidal for a long time, she was mortified of telling her father and how he would react, i stayed up every night and made sure she got through it all, some nights i couldn't sleep.
why tf was i her best friend?
i also tell her that i'd troll ivanna and i just need her social media.
so now my boyfriend doesn’t know anything about my abuse when i came out and i don’t want him to because i don’t want him to think of me as damaged goods and boy am i damaged.
she sees her daughter every 2 months and is facebook friends with the adoptive parents and she has a great relationship with the family.
bob iger: at disney, we live every day in terror that you'll turn on superhero movies
the next thing i know i’m on the ground surrounded by 3 teachers.
david remnick quietly relieved he won't have to lose debate to steve bannon in front of everyone
ryan seacrest nervous about how audiences will respond to slightly shorter haircut
sen. dick lugar placed on congressional disabled list with strained hamstring
then yesterday in our counselling session she admits to having an "emotional affair" with this person and she admits to sending this man pictures of her vagina.
i immediately opened it up and took out some cash which totaled $87.00.
she lost the house & desperately needed to live somewhere w her 15 yr old son(not his) & was broke, although very highly educated.
wibta if i gave my parents an ultimatum.
aita for trying to forcefully share something with my brother?
aita for going after a girl who rejected me until the point where the school intervened?
she doesn't understand my needs despite me communicating what i want.
that’s something she had used to say but said i had changed her mind about that.
also another thing is that my stepmom told me to send her the flowers, and she got the info, but that was because i wouldn’t stfu about her i think.
they asked me when i was going to visit my boyfriend and i told them my plan.
ivanka, donald jr., eric trump removed from white house after mother wins 25-year custody battle
well last season i did it with a girl that was particularly ugly, to the point that the guys still bring it up.
then last weekend i told her i would take her out after she complained about me not putting in effort.
i told my son that he couldn't take his phone anywhere outside of our house without a case due to him being 11 and not the best at not dropping things.
i got all dressed up, and put tons of cologne on, hoping to stand out to the hot girl.
garage orchestra hands out demo at boston philharmonic show
&#x200b; &#x200b; i told her mother to take her bedroom door off of the hinges until she smartens up, but she refuses to.
dalai lama swears he recognizes guy at party from past life
it was recently one of my best friend's 21st birthday.
house chaplain delivers soulful prayer for god to save weak-ass, flip-flopping speakers who wound up looking like dipshits in front of everyone
well, in order to clear the mental connection with her, i asked the account holder (cousin) to have her removed from the plan.
nation braces for 13 more weeks of coworkers talking about their fantasy football teams
after everyone finished their respective drinks i asked them if they wanted to continue on together and join us for a cocktail at a place a few minutes away.
so i told her do to whatever she wanted and that our daughter and i would just enjoy the day here by our self's.
that's the second time you fucked me over with that bedroom suit.
i always try to say "c'mon frank you can do it.
i think this is ridiculous because my girlfriend and i don’t even hang out at the same time that john and i usually do.
my 10 year old sister recently got two rabbits about 2 months ago and has been obsessed with them.
i asked her to turn it off or take it to leaving room or kitchen to watch it.
man 20 minutes into organizing shelves becomes grimly aware of what chaos he has wrought
this weekend was our anniversary and he got black out drunk and said horrible things which i think i deserve.
madd psa clarifies it's okay to drive drunk if it'll be big pain to get car tomorrow
100% paid for by aid and scholarships.
i still could have sold or pawned it.
my wife and i of 4 1/2 years are currently separated and don’t live in the same place but have remained together because in spite of some difficulties we’ve had, we both believe that we will remain together in the long run.
we met in nursery (preschool i think for american ppl) and our families exchange christmas gifts and are friendly with eachother.
judge awards heather mills writing credit on 'eleanor rigby'
i cried, i won't lie, but respected his wishes and have not contacted him since (years ago).
there were some girls who were clearly capable of performing to the standards of ‘good’.
before that bf hadn't seen abf since late july, in spite of bf inviting abf out a number of times.
life could be worse, get over it".
huckabee earns nickel for presidential campaign by painting old widow's picket fence
trump administration refusing to disclose names of white house diamond elite members
i wanted to just youtube and chill since i was on my period.
i’ve been trying to get her to save money by buying most of my school supplies from my own money but she still needlessly spends money on things that i don’t need.
so my ex and i have been broken up for two years, we dated for three years.
if he doesn't want to get one, i'm cool with keeping things the way they are.
i still live with my parents but am trying to move out soon.
report: u.s. death rates from drugs, suicide, and alcohol have greatly increased, but not in a cool rock and roll way
he began to show off in front of my younger cousins.
she went off on me about how she feels like she has to nag me to want to spend time with her and so on.
his sister is seven and he’s taken to wearing her old clothes.
burger king introduces new thing to throw in front of kids after another hellish day at work
so me and my so fight a lot.
weakling president asks imaginary man in sky to bless nation
she is a victim of sexual abuse who is living with her abuser and thats the reason that she is distraught.
i'm at a local rib joint, nothing fancy but i liked their food.
bloodied, bruised john kerry emerges victorious at kickboxing tournament in bangkok prison
zaire to take some time off, compose itself
i think it's a massive overreaction, am i an asshole?
undoubtedly, car after car will zip past me in the next lane to my left, and then try to squeeze in right at the exit, like their time is more important than everyone else's time.
historical archives: one may now toil from home
i find this absolutely unacceptable and terrorising my own beliefs.
he told me the next morning he wanted to come over again but i told him my trip was being cut short.
poet takes extra 5 minutes to vague up poem
basically what happened is that i was in college and was driving to get some food.
this weekend she plans to get her first tattoo, which will be "to not being dead" on her forearm.
man makes quick call to parents so next week's call to ask for money doesn't seem that bad
sudden resurfacing of file called 'lyrics.doc' a chilling reminder of life thought left behind
charles schulz estate releases hundreds of rare, never-before-seen images of him posing next to an easel
but i command her off the couch and get up to take her to the tub.
a few weeks later, i had travelled home to stay with my mother for a while when i realised that i was still paying for my ex's gym membership (we had a joint membership) and he was not contributing to it.
stealing tampons from office bathroom currently woman's only source of joy
i just don't see the point, since i spent a fair bit of change on that first date, and don't want to do it again when there's risk of not getting any that time either.
after which she said shes not hearing it and to leave her alone.
because of this, i was already paying to some of her daily expenses for 2 or 3 months before we moved out, and also paid for every single expense of the moving, including paying over $10k just to bring over her 2 cats, which she set in stone as the sole condition on her moving out.
when confronted he looked me in the eye and asked twice "what the fuck is your problem?" and doesn't think i should be upset.
i want to suggest it to her but it would it offend her that i 1 noticed it 2 feel like it should be changed some back ground : our personalities have butt heads before but she’s still very sweet.
william barr agrees to release nonverbal, abstract visual representation of mueller report
my roommate [27m] had last friday off, and apparently his girlfriend did, too, because she stayed the night.
priscilla chan leaves mark zuckerberg for onion social ceo
laid-back company allows employees to work from home after 6 p.m.
if somebody came to me and said hey you said x and didn't know it would upset me but it did, i would apologize!!
he also sounded kind of young, maybe high/junior-high?
kid with cancer hopes to realize dream of meeting competent oncologist
she says she loves him, so if that's true, why the hell didn't she even try?
cher's 'believe' now faintly audible everywhere in america
jenny sanford: 'i'm loving these lax gun purchasing laws'
mainstream media at it again, bloggers report
we finally get through the itinerary.
area telemarketer awash in sea of human misery
i had no idea why she was so angry.
we both ended up not going because i wanted to put my relationship first, but me and him haven’t talked since i told him i wasn’t going to attend.
youngest sibling in family kind of thought mom would lose steam by now
i have a hard time sleeping if not next to her and 2.
then i hear from past friends of a that she manipulated them and ruined their relationships with other people.
since he had access to an exchange he offered to grab things to take back to his coworkers at the deployed location when he heads back.
mark zuckerberg cited for contempt of congress after refusing to shut the fuck up about how he started company in dorm room
i couldn't look at him anymore without thinking of that dream, so i proceeded to block him.
wibta if i didn't go to my sister's wedding?
dave matthews band apologizes after tour bus dumps another 800 pounds of human shit onto same boat full of people
morley safer can't remember if he left stopwatch running after locking up '60 minutes' studio
anyway, he’s popping the question tomorrow and i’m assuming she’s going to say yes.
though it hurt to talk through and to admit i was in the wrong, i am glad i talked to her about it.
croatian prime minister currently stuck under pile of turnips
god admits he too close to creation to judge whether it any good or not
sometimes she just hangs around in a towel for hours after showering instead of getting dressed.
report: there an adult superstore off exit 16
my dad now has told me i will never play games again.
anyway, last night she fell asleep early and i found her bank card, transferred £5000 into her account with the reference "you deserve it".
tourist realizes it's all just a lie set in place for him
i was like sure, and started talking.
man cites nature as inspiration for random cruelty
loser older brother looked up to
u.s. census announces those people will be majority by 2043
u.s. worried about living up to netanyahu campaign promises
so in the end my parents will be discussing my brother's punishment and it seems the degenerate parents are going to sue me.
for the two other italian teachers we used the ravioli ravioli scene.
this is exactly what happened below and the review i left worst experience ever.
he actually broke up with me a week later and referenced that weekend when i asked him what the breaking point was.
aita for not talking to a friend for 3 months?
so obviously i got super upset, i feel like i shouldn't have to do that, i think i'm trying enough for her sake and doing stuff around the house much more frequently than when i was living on my own, and i got super fed up with her sour face cause i didn't clean.
these two guys, e and h are learning japanese and at times discuss it in the group chat.
i was furious, that's putting it lightly...
she again reiterated that it isn’t my choice, and that she wanted to wait for a year.
so, they started to ask her questions and my sister just disappeared.
she's in a really demanding job, and in 2015 - 16 (before our son was born), she was put on a project that required her to be away from home / out of state quite frequently.
his dad told him yesterday what it is.
aita for freaking out and reporting to hr that a man used the women’s bathroom at my workplace hi everyone.
area man marks territory on bench with sweaty thigh outline
taylor swift now in long-distance relationship with curiosity rover
she's lived in the states for about 15 years now and is fluent in both languages.
tl;dr ex broke up with me in a room with her friends, i get mad.
new mcdonald's sandwich offers free wi-fi
later on, after the phone call i talk with n, my sister.
his parents were alcoholics to the point where they went out and got drunk leaving him alone for the most part or so i saw when i went over to his place.
bill & melinda gates foundation announces new $17 billion initiative to eradicate all 3rd-world mac users by 2040
depleted hawaiian volcano now just coughing up bile
another example is that he will blow up her phone even if he knows that she has a volleyball match to attend and will get angry at her if she doesn't answer.
it was her christmas party, which was now set to take place on december 10th.
what the mediations apparently boil down to is a telling everyone what needs to be done and who is responsible for doing it.
transportation secretary calls for $200 billion in funding to repair nation's rickety wooden bridges
five minutes later the assistant coach walked straight up to me and told me to go fuck myself and stormed off.
obama deeply concerned after syrians gassed to death on white house lawn
trump boys forge father's signature on letters they wrote excusing them from any more testifying
but by the time the subaru had stopped and gone, the dodge just stopped at the sign.
florida resort allows guests to swim with miami dolphins
the most aggravating part- hospital staff acting like i was part of the problem.
white house ficus to leave for virginia arboretum after declining trump's offer to be chief of staff
aunt on facebook casually advocates war crime
we are very religious and oral sex is considered sodomy and homosexuality is not ok.
also, i told her that even if i decide to donate half of my salary, she should support my decision as long as i'm covering both of us.
but my now-fiancée and i had talked about rings and stuff as well and this was really close to what she said she wanted.
we worked out every day we eat right (though admittedly had at least our fair share of cheat days) and kept ourselves in great shape.
so honestly, was what i did crossing a line?
i am chronically ill and have several conditions that mean i have to see a lot of doctors.
once i get home i like to watch tv until about 7 and then i go to sleep, but in that time i feed the baby when he wakes up (he still isn't sleeping through the night, he gets up every couple hours to be fed and changed and goes right back to sleep).
area ostrich lashes out against unnecessarily restrictive zoning laws
can i be held responsible for the outcome of my actions?
still, the landlord - spaghetti monster bless him!
shannon tweed named head of u.s. task force on nudity & aging
bath & body works now offering free lotion tastings
huckabee sanders tells colleagues she's taking temporary post as google ceo before transitioning into full-time role as sultan of brunei
she said no and explained that she probably was not going to go anymore (!!!!!).
dysfunctional family brought together by liquor
later on in the night, he leaves and one of the friends confronts me about what happened.
cash-strapped oklahoma to conduct executions by hammering squad
my pursuit of her was no secret, for i had been quite open and honest about my feelings since the beginning.
new ad preys on people with 'ideas'
they didn't seem mad or whatever so i made a joke about it then said goodnight.
area man can't remember whether he rented mimic or the relic
after 40-day search, authorities finally replace missing boy
so tonight she sends me a photo, it’s of her in a pretty drab area, with shadows cast on her face, and the contrast way off.
following ray bradbury's death, thousands of people buy kindle version of book about demise of paper books
authorities praise twitter users' rapid response to virginia shooting
peer group forces man to have opinion on 'weird al'
ob-gyn kind of annoyed she has to confirm woman's premonition about sex of baby that came to her in dream
i tell her that if she wants to be a single mom, i'll give her whatever i can afford, but if she wants to stay with me, she will have to abort.
i listed out everything he would take, and then miranda said it would be helpful to keep the silverware (oneida 20 piece set for $35 originally) and these bamboo cooking utensils ($10 from walmart).
if you dont meet your deadlines, we're gonna have a discussion about why that didnt happen.
this has caused a lot of people to "turn off" for halloween, which you'd think would get the crowd to lessen but it keeps growing.
environment, equality for minorities), tax breaks for the rich, a gop appointed fcc chairman who repealed net netruallity, decent health care.
it unclear which half of couple settling
spatial skills abandon area man during search for correct tupperware lid
there's maybe 4 regular people at the party, 2 coordinators, and 8 models.
author accepts award on ghostwriters' behalf
if it's some small dog, i generally don't believe that it's a genuine support animal.
alan colmes loses argument with nephew
man wistfully looks around website he hasn't visited for 30 minutes
and before you make your decision on whether i'm the asshole then check this [link]( also, you have to pay to donate an organ.
i've made it clear to them but it still seems they are at it.
but that only lasted a few seconds.
i don't know how you can do all that shit and then say your ready.
i look a fair bit better.
kfc paleontologists reconstruct 24-piece party bucket from single chicken leg
after cool guy did that, that guy turned the face into an anti-semitic caricature and laughed at it for a solid minute before i left the room.
mccain gives up jcpenney catalog-modeling job
grandma defiantly taking scone recipe to grave
i brought my best friend (age 22) to my hometown for a holiday to show him around and meet my family.
seeing the man i have so much hate for being manifested in my sister who i love so much...
&#x200b; the phone interview went well, but i only got accepted to the next part of the process because of his referral, an in person interview, meaning there are probably applicants with prior experience in the field.
alan keyes admits: 'i just enjoy campaigning'
grandma in nursing home starts adorable little sexual relationship
i especially feel shunted that under-classmen were preferred over the graduating seniors.
i offered to drive both of them to school, but not home, because they have football practice after school.
man embarrassed thinking about every opinion he's ever articulated
bee stuck between screen door, front door going fucking nuts
so we get to the park and start walking, and he immediately **sprints** out in front of us, then comes back.
after a week or two go by, any related holiday merchandise has typically been dropped to upwards of 80-90% off.
she is in a different department but my team works with her on some projects.
it’s really freaking scary that he tries to hide his daughters from me and from our other neighbors.
i'm trying to be less toxic, and attemping to supress most of my anger.
as i pull up a car shoots in from the grocery store side and cuts me off and pulls directly into the drive thru line ahead of me.
in retrospect, i can’t live with myself for it and it’s fucking me up.
dads been pretty stern all morning.
i do not want to confuse him even further, and i don’t want to disturb his getting over me.
tl;dr: i ran a session of a tabletop game for a friend and several friend-of-a-friends.
it can be difficult for people to confront someone on their frankly shitty behaviour, but i find when someone else brings it up and starts the dialogue, it gets others to be more forward about it as well.
the thing is that i respect and love this country too much to not speak its correct tongue.
they both came back at me in snap videos calling me out on the most random stuff "oh but your high school boyfriend cheated on you?
i can easily imagine my dad having done the same sort of work when he first came to the u.s.
we have lived together for the past year-ish and since i make more than her, we split shared bills proportionately by income, which comes out to about 70-30.
aita if i tell him what we told our other neighbors (we’ve tried containing the chickens, bear with us, were working on it, we’ll power wash your sidewalks and give you free eggs) and ask him not to leave threatening letters on our porch ever again?
i am obviously pissed off he embarrassed me like that but it gets worse.
i know people hate the idea of wasting money of other people's weddings.
cover letter specifically tailored to company even sadder than generic ones
as i was fine with our current tv and am a student (he is working full time) i said fine, as long as i did not have to pay for it and it wasn't too big.
area loner to dwell on past
and i obliged come to findout this morning that one of the girls found out.
he hit me up again saying he found the game but right now i just feel so shocked and uncomfortable i dont want to respond.
i left fairly recently, and while i am gone she will be splitting time (a few months a piece) between her family and my family so they can spend time with my son and help support her.
that dialogue tells me that your son is extremely rigid, and closed-minded.
to clear some misconceptions people probably had.
aita for hating the way my friend acts?
all of a sudden he is done?
the way he said it seemed so sinister and out of blue.
adidas unveils new running shoe for fleeing from mass shootings
'are our nominations diverse enough for you whiny dipshits?' sneers academy president unprovoked after listing nominees
aspca report warns that many americans are not giving their dogs correct name
afterwards, as we were leaving, we found out they were kicked out of the pub and one of them saw me and punched me in the back of my head.
what makes you think it was okay to stay in the lobby with other dogs walking around?
my girlfriend saw this on his instagram and said how inappropriate and an asshole thing to joke about because of her age.
so i sit next to a friend of mine in chemistry class, and every day, we get a bell ringer with a bunch of questions on the previous lesson on it, and when we finish the bell ringer, we swap it with whoever sits next to us and then we grade them.
baby has sinking feeling he left home without oversize multicolor plastic keys
'the voice' amends rules to allow votes from those who aren't white landowning males
report: mom's work friend has no one
voice of patrick stewart lends air of legitimacy
full summer of tending backyard garden produces single edible cherry tomato
another relationship that would shame her about sex and sex before marriage.
she stated: “*i was assigned the duty of taking out the garbage every week, and for the most part have done so.
there are 2 alternating phases, day and night.
so i was sitting on the airplane leaning foreword (head resting on the seat in front of me) when someone applies a lot of force to the back of the seat.
scientists announce they've completed mapping the human g-spot
we've been together 3 years now and love together.
i thought i could cope with this because of how epic he was in everything else.
she maybe sees them for an evening a month.
almost every weekend i see her come in with a different guy.
(as usual) fyi: she did not meet him, he canceled the meeting telling her it was awkward to meet her in reallife.
so i kind of went off on her.
finances have never been a huge problem for us, but i cannot afford to both send my daughter to private school and pay for the bulk of my son's tuition.
oat farmer seriously thinking about getting into barley
everything was absolutely wonderful and great.
aita for telling a joke with my coach's mom as the punchline?
she waits three days to finally respond and tells me that she's actually been seeing a guy since before she met me.
aita for scolding a delivery driver who asked my wife if he could enter the house?
bernie sanders agrees to drop out of race in exchange for 13-hour speaking slot at convention
d adds her anyways, and i confront him about it.
i made these points to her, but she was just busy being mad.
maybe it's stupid and prideful but i didn't want people thinking i was with someone for so long and remained celebate.
hello reddit, &#x200b; so my wife is pregnant and is in her third trimester.
it’s not that i like them or i’m a whore or anything, they think of me as an equal.
so, anyway, i decide that since taylor came all the way over so i might as well talk to him (i’m still trying to be open minded).
he said that i couldn’t understand the relationship that he had with his ex and that it was something he couldn’t even comprehend.
even though this is true i see my son maybe once a month (or even less sometimes) and my granddaughter on the same or lesser frequency.
jump to today i receive a text on my phone “i’m sending you messages on facebook!” i didn’t reply as now i’m just kind of frustrated.
he wouldn’t tell me so i asked a female and she walked away.
then she can just go to your place instead." &nbsp;&nbsp; she does that, and then they leave, and other people as well.
the devil on my shoulder says that if i have a dog that can alert me a few mins before i have a seizure (so i can pull over) then i have a better argument for driving, as well as ease my anxiety over having a seizure.
superstitious man puts bag of trash outside house every thursday
perot may lead first mars expedition 'only if the people of mars ask me to,' he says
i have a weakness for chocolate.
aita for being annoyed the my partner wont watch a film with me throw away acc as she knows my reddit acc &#x200b; my frustration starts when it came out a while back as she really wanted to watch it and wanted me to go with her.
get a text the next morning saying i'm a cunt for pouring a drink on her and then leaving them.
they even slept together, but did nothing.
yellowstone park attempts to increase ranger population with new mating program
l had (without me knowing) received a very frustrating phone call before she went to read my email about the solution.
i have been getting more and more passive aggressive comments about me not pulling my weight and feel really guilty about not cleaning up more.
i live in turkey and for me it means a drop of this costs 100.000 lira.there are 3000 patients estimated in turkey and if i collected right information,a patient needs 4-5 dose and after that only 3 times a year for all his/her life.
after that they moved into his house and i no longer live with them.
bill clinton still waiting for personal apology from monica lewinsky for using power as intern to exploit him sexually
so, as stated before, family is very important to all of us 5 kids.
he has dropped some hints since i’ve known him that he has a crush on me and his best friend has acknowledged it as well.
needless to say, i'm extremely annoyed.
i’m planning on cutting it deep so it bleeds or something so she sees how much i’m hurting, but she’ll probably get mad or worried(idk if she actually will bc she didn’t seem worried in the past and has actually joked about it).
report: girl who called you a slut in high school posting passionate status about women's march
it’s been hard a hard topic me lately, and i just want to move forward with the least amount of damage.
i went to the hospital temporarily.
new documentary reveals seaworld forced orca whales to perform nude
u.s. loses u.n. membership after soapy bo obama jumps up on secretary-general
he is insisting that i lock my dog in my bedroom whenever i leave the apartment, regardless of the time of day or even noise laws (that allow for my dog to legally bark as much as he wants between specific hours), and gave me an incredulous look when i told him that the dog had free range in there whenever it way daytime.
she said i was talking to her like i'm so superior, and i told her in an angry voice that "i don't just wait around for you to fuck up so i can be like 'oh i'm so much better than wife's name', me forgetfully risking a minor injury is not the same as loss of sight!".
i understand the sexism at play here and i like to think of myself as a fairly liberal/progressive person.
before anything happens though, ashley stopped it.
last time we had to put a dog down she went in with him for the process, and seeing him die threw her into an 8 month depression.
i’m not bothered by the frequency but i started questioning whether my boyfriend might just be gay and using me to cover that up.
the thing is, i'm not looking to be bffs with this dude.
i was pretty worried that she was sad as she had just gotten out of a little bout with depression (and self harm) so i really wanted to make sure she was ok, thinking she was in a really bad state over something he had done.
she eventually admitted that it was wrong, but i wondered what she would have done without being confronted by me.
cherokee nation leader announces 32 red a winner
i walk down the entire length of the road (about 5 min) and still don't see our car, so i decide to text her again.
on one hand i don't want to push boundaries and make him uncomfortable, i really want to respect that straight guys can have gay friends and it doesn't always need to be sexual.
affair to threaten whatever it is john edwards does for a living
aita for not wanting to go on another double date?
my sister (18f) is currently in a new relationship with a significantly older man (43m).
aita for not wanting to work together with someone going through mental issues?
i admit i might be a little ignorant, but i only knew of one of the elementary schools so i headed towards that direction.
undertaker's last few embalmings before summer vacation always a little sloppy
long john silver's customer finds deep-fried poseidon head in value meal
battleship awkwardly propped up against ferguson police department
it was pretty hard to see out the windshield cause it was so fogged and a little icy still, and now i'm sitting in a gas station waiting for work to open up cause it's freezing out.
shirtless man turns face from side to side in mirror while running hands down smooth face
but one day this girl comes up.
serious man pleased with how jowls are coming in
you then told me to "fucking block you already" and started talking about a break up (major heartbreak btw) and while i knew you wouldn't have done it, hurt that you thought i was going to do it.
this guy has been seeing my mom for months, maybe even longer, and none of us have known.
kind bar ceo admits they just sort of find the bars like that
nation's creepy middle school gym teachers also come out in favor of circumcision
aita for taking some random girl's clothes out of the dryer?
she’s rude to customers and staff, flat out refuses to serve customers when asked, is never working where she should be, wanders aimlessly to avoid customers and has a terrible attitude.
this results in us not going places often so a week away would be great.
my other sister wishes for a tablet on which she can watch movies, series, youtube etc...
myself (female) and another intern (male) clicked super fast as friends.
one day i went over the top and jotted down a list of some very ridiculous offhand blurbs and forgot about it.
i feel like there's still time to live the life i always wanted.
these kids just walk by them through the aisle.
my ex was kind enough to let me put everything that i couldn't fit in my rented room into his attic in boxes, and i'm letting him use all of my dishware for the time being because he has just about none and it's not like i have room for it.
college admissions office finds ideal applicant capable of subsidizing tuition of 3 low-income students
night out thrown off-balance by friend unexpectedly bringing someone
anyways, i went to the mall today to get a hair cut and as i was looking for a parking spot i see this kid, probably like 7 or 8 and he is looking at my car as i'm driving by (it's been snowing lately where i live so traction has been a problem) i'm doing my best to not get stuck on level ground but the lot hasn't been plowed and its deep for my lowered car.
one day, i got fed up and told her, "maybe you should try going on a diet or something." she didn't take this lightly and accused me of calling her fat.
there is quite literally no where for me to work here and i don’t want to move back to the city.
atari releases updated adventure video game
i don't want any more of my genes in the world, i don't want to pay for a kid, don't want to put shit on hold to support a family, so i bailed.
wibta if i got him laid?
&#x200b; yesterday my sister and my mom were both downstairs.
large dependent film tops weekend box office
report: recent wednesday felt like thursday
aita for handing out insanely sour candy to little children on halloween?
we’ve since resolved our tension and we’re on good terms.
tl;dr: i discovered my boyfriend is asexual very recently after years of a sexless relationship.
i thought that was super weird so i didn’t respond.
my bf was recently laid off from his full time job.
i go to university in the us and am part of a faith-based organization in which we do stuff ranging from bible study to soccer games.
tae kwon do instructor gets little thrill out of pairing off completely mismatched 8-year-olds
i feel bad about the situation already, but don't want this to ruin the first 'real' dance that i will be able to go to in my life.
i thought to myself “no one is going to smoke these, they’re just going to get thrown out.” so i brought the cigar box inside to take home.
6-day visit to rural african village completely changes woman's facebook profile picture
is there anything i can say to her to make her feel better?
i guess i did feel a bit entitled to give one of the talks.
lawyers opposing health care law cite kids-with-pre-existing-conditions-can-go-fuck-themselves clause
i dress stylishly, have a great job, am very affectionate towards him and always go over the top on his birthday.
from what it sounds like, it’ll be mostly women.
i've never met, nor had a class with him but from the bits and pieces overheard about him he seems like a fine teacher and a decent guy.
now we are still talking but it's obviously not the same, can anyone tell me if i should have lied?
terrorist plot foiled after concert security taps woman's purse
- to attend my dad's retirement as chief of police.
justice department: 'want to see a dead body?'
report: no way this year's summer strawberries living up to hype
he was absolutely devastated when she told him she wasn't coming.
new antidepressant makes friends' problems seem worse
ryan handed romney's latest political positions before walking on stage
i also told others that i couldn't eat any of the food at their house because of my allergies when explaining the argument we had over food.
congressman fucks own wife out of political necessity
i told her that i was grateful for her taking me to this event, but that i needed to leave and collect my thoughts.
one of our guys, let's call him john, has a myriad of mental disorders ranging from schizophrenia to depression and sometimes doesn't show up for weeks at a time due to his mental health.
another very important info here is that her dad is divorced and is married to another woman, which has a kid of her own, so she was/is definitely influencing him on that.
alabama governor signs new 'heartbeat bill' lowering state's age of consent
i think my little sister now though is very suspicious and i think the truth will now have to eventually come out.
ivanna and i start talking about politics of the country and we start to hit it off.
i finally log in and ( because i'm an idiot) play a mission.
nobel committee awards self peace prize for once
this past weekend, my first brother finally got married to his so of 12 years.
as i turn the corner there is this man walking, i wanted to pass him so i could take a slope down back to the road.
fox ordered to cancel upcoming when presidents are assassinated live special
pope benedict leaves church in helicopter with lebron james, paul feig for some reason
i'm genuinely asking if i'm the asshole here because apparently that's what seemed to be the consensus on the server.
prima donna surgeon storms out of half-full operating theater
anyway i haven't texted her back, and i kind of don't plan to.
but little did i know gorgonzola was a type of blue cheese.
but usually he just wears the same clothes from high school and only cuts his hair twice a year.
new regulation requires all protected species to be actively looking for new habitat in order to receive funding
i've been studying at my current school for 6 years now, and though i had a rocky relationship with everyone at first, i made friends with 4 other girls who i consider best friends: a, b, c and e.
long story short, he ends up sleeping on my bathroom floor after i drive everyone to my place.
aita for telling the truth about my parents?
report: watching episode of 'downton abbey' counts as reading book
she sleeps and lives in my brother's room while my brother sleeps with me at night because our mother doesn't allow the two of them to share a bed.
public places, hanging out, whatever are okay.
cottonelle adds blue strip to toilet paper but keeps what it does a secret
north korea tests out new knife in smaller escalation of threats to u.s.
there’s a chance they didn’t see it at all so maybe i should ignore?
lax petsmart background check allows deranged gerbil to slip through the cracks
i can smell them stinking up the room right now but i really don't mind it much.
back to this kid, he waves at me!
area man a little too old to have obama fever
i successfully got into their backyard and was about to hop down from a high ledge i was on when their dog woke up and started growling and barking at me.
console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
after about a 45 minute walk she goes back to the apartment.
it's not even the first one of that magnitude of thoughtlessnes.
you’re worse than (non-offending) peds because at least they’re not going to do what they can to deprive others from full participation in society.
wibta for breaking up with my boyfriend because he is losing his hair?
report: clinton accepted rebate while in office depot
now she thinks i’m an asshole and a cheater.
i recognized that her indirectness would make it too frustrating to date her, but we could definitely still be friends.
aita for wanting my partner to prove nothing is going on when something seems suspicious?
again, this isn't a vain gesture because she absolutely loved that college.
frustrated men demand to know 'exactly where on tits it okay to touch nowadays'
now, you’re probably thinking that i couldn’t have possibly done that because reddit applies spam filters to accounts first, then ip addresses.
diamond jubilee marred by drunken queen elizabeth ii encouraging guests to fuck
i asked the group of mums near her if they were her mum and they all said no.
dozens wounded as man defends box of wheat thins from invading coworker horde
area man mystified by layout of adjacent town's kroger
this went on for almost a week and progressed each time.
he tried closing the door on me but i used it foot to block it and kept blocking it when he tried to close it, until he eventually poked me in the eyeballs.
i met a girl in a dance course in october and we became very good friends very quickly and i got a crush on her.
there are plenty of examples of her just looking for a yes man.
judge rolls eyes, upholds naughty baker's first-amendment rights
'new york times' vr program takes user inside immersive, 3d world of paul krugman
i should've made this clear to her long ago about how i felt, but i was too caught up in my happiness at just being around her that i held it in.
panicking trump trying to recall recent affairs he's had after spotting baby balloon in london protest crowd
wayne lapierre goes on harpooning spree to prove some sort of point
as of late i’ve been putting the weight of the box and it’s dimensions a lot smaller to save on shipping cost and i just print out the label and drop it off.
i worry she'll never come back into my life and more so that i'm neutral about her leaving and about what i did.
but, i feel like a complete criminal every time.
she is in her early 20s so we believe he just now sought her out or found her.
milla jovovich inducted into basic cable hall of fame
so i was a little taken aback.
i had just moved in for my first college semester, so that on top of possibly being a dad crumbled on me and i told her i wanted to kill myself.
i told her if she brings her dish and no one eats it then she will feel bad.
this was like a ranting group and we were talking for hours.
she was onto people knowing she was cheating on her bf, and used it as a kind of passive aggressive (not sure thats the right term to describe it) defense of her behavior, while never admitting to being polyamorous herself.
fast forward 4 years and they start talking again.
on an unrelated thread my original subject called me an asshole in 3rd person to another player.
report: 83% of americans just want to put on sunglasses and say 'let's do this'
it's gotten better since then, but it still effects me greatly.
last thursday i got a call from an old boss from a job i worked at in school and university, who has someone (company ab) that is interested in hiring me for 1 or 2 month (also payed and very good for my resumee).
having to pay $500 to visit a fucking emergency room for no fucking reason: another nurse came up to me to take my vitals and the doctor asked what was wrong and i had to sheepishly tell him, "i think i might have been having an allergic reaction".
my ex has partners coming and going all the time which frustrates me because they are 1) demonstrating poor relationship behavior in front of our kid, and 2) our kid gets attached to all of them and then comes to me for comfort and questions when they inevitably leave.
it was fucking hot, i had been working hard all day and i was tired of brittany's shit.
nation's homophobic bigots pack it in
of course, there would be daily facetiming, so the baby doesnt forget her mother.
i apologize if my participation broke the etiquette of this sub.
aita for getting my ex-friend banned from a game?
i began by offering my roommate to hit my juul.
she says its not long before one of my organs fails (without seeing any of my tests, or sees my specialists notes, she just assumes and has a bitchy attitude about it).
to preface, i[22m] just got recently married to my wife[20f] yet we don’t live together quite yet.
we were playing a 3v3 game one day, and i was playing with two tall guys on my team.
i'm not doing anything about it, not sure what i would do even if i wanted to do something anyway.
i don't remember the whole following conversation very well, but i remember a few select words she used.
police release haircut-progressed photo of missing woman
c, a, and i went to a christian high school.
it sucks because when i finally do have a moment at home i have no energy left to give her.
&#x200b; i'm in high school and i liked this one girl since about a month and a half before this incident happened.
grumblethor the mischievous pleased with mayhem his magical antics have wrought upon white house–fbi relations
coworker almost got that exact same thing when he ate there
culinary world stunned as horse meat found at 3-star michelin restaurant the horse & pony
area stand-up comedian questions the deal with drive-thru windows
she's actually doing pretty well for being 91, she's not bedridden or anything, but she basically just spends her days watching tv punctuated by going down to their dining room for meals.
she sends me another one with the caption “why aren’t you responding?”.
i was very hung over, so i went to seven eleven to get some arizona iced tea (two because i was feeling extra thirsty) so i walk in there, grab my teas and go to the register and there is nobody there.
theres also increased competition in our branches sales force, which i run.
jokingly stealing her shoe so she'd follow me to filming) and then she keeps saying no.
i feel bad for contributing to her addiction, but i also think that she probably would have started juuling either way at this school.
i’m thinking it would (based on the comments).
anyway, my mom didn’t breastfeed me.
i’m nervous about it because in the past he has accused me of not understanding what it’s like to have divorced parents (true).
icing on the cake was when i texted my family about the situation, they responded that they don't mind getting me more pants?
am i the asshole for not liking how my friend only gave me a letter for my bday, yet went out of her way to buy gifts for others (with the possible reason that she feels comfortable enough with me)?
aita for being annoyed when someone says the are "bisexual" but never dated with the same sex?
coworkers brought to place of unthinkable intimacy by team-building exercise
the wife also started playing in our games (there are 2 different ones), which i was really excited about because she is a good friend of mine.
cause as soon as she starting meeting new people and being around other dudes, she ended things.
i’m friends with everyone and all the girls in my class are completely comfortable with being around me.
i have nothing against making a cake or cookies or something for the party but i dont think it is our responsibility to feed everyone at the party which could have many guests.
if you made it this far thanks for reading.
i remind him that he is off tomorrow and that when i'm home daughter usually sleeps in till 9 or even 11 if she goes to bed late.
i'm not good at helping people who are upset.
i quoted the joke "jews faked the moon landing" which was made by dan, who is jewish himself.
kim jong-un's wife on nuclear threats: 'this isn't the man i was forced to marry'
bodybuilder's veins now outside of his skin
also, this is just a fresh coat of paint on the birthday gift.
but she never seemed to fully trust me.
new 'wacky wipers' make driving in the rain fun
george h.w. bush remembered for vast contributions to aids quilting community
my mom got separated in july, and last night she told me she’s been seeing a guy since early august.
many people are afraid of appearing arrogant so they downplay themselves, i hate that.
shamefaced man stands stock-still as acquaintance zips up backpack for him
activists petition cupcake kingdom to address adorable housing crisis
aita for selling to someone who offered a higher price?
i had been swarmed with work, i go to college and had papers due on wednesday and thursday, and am currently on sickleave from my part time job for the weekend because of a very bad cold.
yosemite closed indefinitely after bear spotted in park
i grabbed the water pipe (small, maybe 30-40$) that she brought herself and threw it out the open window, hearing it break as it hit the ground on the other side of my backyard fence.
black-backed jackals seek asylum in wildlife preserve as preventative measure
i’ve had talks with him before on how he needs to keep it short with his “lectures.” many times before.
the reason i know he bought them is because there was a photo of them included in our shared family photo stream of the items he purchased.
jimmy carter concerned desire for fresh faces in democratic party may hurt his chances in 2020
obama's aunt sends him article mentioning united states
a bit of back story: i'm a guy.
i told him that, yes, i would wait, but that he needed to give me a hard deadline by which he'd be out of the apartment if he was going to ask me to put my life on hold for him.
they were happy, my aunt didn't notice, i was happy.
we disagree--i believe tu2/2 rning your music down enough so the other person can hear the person they're talking to is good enough.
shortly after i took the train my friend was mugged and had a bunch of money taken from him and his night generally ruined.
the four of us were chatting and i was making coffee and generally just doing everything for the group.
my partner thinks i am because "it's not their fault, they are just doing their job" but i thought i showed restraint, and i never made it personal, so opinions?
before i get into this i kindly ask that you be honest, but kind, please don't shame me or call me names, i'm already beating myself up and thinking i'm overreacting, but my husband says that i'm right in being upset.
&nbsp;&nbsp; tim then says to me "damn it !
i learned that from based shaman.
rhode island votes to move 2008 primary to tomorrow
as such, i do want to go every day to see our daughter and bond, but at this stage, it doesn't make sense for us to spend 8+ hours there, basically doing most of the nicu nurses jobs for them.
aita for not accepting my brother as "trans" i spent the first 16years of my life wanting to be just like my older brother, he was kind, intelligent, and took none of my shit, he was what i inspired to strive for better.
a popular hit musical is showing for a limited time in my city.
researchers: quality of sleep may be affected by abandoning family in 1994
i'm going to try to let him in on this kind of stuff more in the future, and he's going to work on trusting me to be my regular non-sketchy self.
like boxes of shit in your house? get a cat
as someone with diagnosed depression and anxiety, i see some of my own symptoms in her.
tl;dr i told who i thought was a good friend, that their photo was unflattering and they dragged me.
dream vacation turns deadly for area houseplant
compliment of pants sounds suspiciously like intent to steal them
out-of-control hand gesture sends bernie sanders tumbling off stage
"oh, i don't know this subject.
i do legitimately believe that he's just abusing the system and selfishly using his accrued time.
now in days gone by it was that when a recruitment opened the 20-30 with the best scores got in this is a heavily male dominated industry too.
at the time i was kind of surprised because he never showed the signs, but i still supported him.
she would ask me stuff, and talk about whatever, but all i kept thinking about was that i struck out.
i will be mean to everyone and disrespect everyone.
she then responded "no that's okay, i post one picture of him every year on insta but i'm usually sad all day".
my old college roommate moved in with me again last year after our girlfriends each left us around the same time.
always picking my preferred food places, bringing me to places i feel like going and always keeping me entertained.
the thing is, the way people are scheduled, on weekdays, it's only 2 people working, which, aside from my days off, it's me and 1 other, and me usually having a semi long shift(usually like 2-9).
we still talk, and we actually work together a lot better now than before, but when she mentions her boyfriend i completely shut out of the conversation.
paleontologists: 'we've been looking at dinosaurs upside down'
he just responded with "that's rude" then i called him stupid, said he missed the point, and blocked him.
in addition, i was having some health issues that meant i couldn’t be the best partner.
aita for not wanting my gf to play volleyball with someone?
u.s. claims drone was minding own business on its way to church when iran attacked it out of nowhere
there were some of them who hated mushrooms.
nasa frantically announces mission to earth's core after accidentally launching rocket upside down
fivethirtyeight staff finds hundreds of nate silvers representing every voting demographic in america after disastrous aggregator explosion
vicious carnivorous animals painted on baby's crib
they've hardly spent any time coming in to meet with us and keep making excuses.
'employees must wash hands' signs top iraqi hospital wish list
like i said ,i love her and have never met anyone i get along with so well.
so, am i the asshole for being angry with my parents?
i don’t know how relevant that is but it might come up later on.
where as i am younger, and 6'2, and take care of myself.
i love conferences and concerts so much!
my ex and i broke up 7 months ago, but we have a lot of mutual friends and go to the same parties so i can't avoid seeing him, although we are not friends anymore because his new girlfriend is not comfortable with it.
so about 2 weeks ago my brother stole $50 from me (and i can prove it) along with spending his $50, in total he spent $100.
i broke up with my ex about 6 months ago, we decided to stay friends and text.
that same day, after being blocked on all social media by emily, i get a message from a friend telling me that emily posted on her snapchat story a photo of her watching mamma mia with her friend with the caption “mamma mia and memes fix everything.” days later my mom and her boyfriend (my father passed away last year) tell me that i’m wrong for being upset and that this thing “happens all the time”.
could i have handled it differently?
she did it kindly, but she still said no.
line cook learns leaving restaurant industry not that easy
i told this to my girlfriend and thus we are now housesitting.
tourist in white house gift shop browses rack of security clearances
i\[20f\] am studying business administration and for the past 2 years and a half i have cheated on 80% of my exams.
she’s still upset but i don’t think it’s that much of a problem.
my friend then says he/she feels bad about spending so much time with me and not enough with the roommate, and says that he/she will not attend unless the roommate also attends.
to be fair i’m probably not going to go through with it.
more cities providing bins for materials that look recyclable
in a way i am indeed playing it by ear as sometimes it takes like 2 months of talking and dates before anything happens.
critics accuse joe biden of running for president for political reasons
gore excited after seeing self on tv
(this next part, i was wondering about the big deal with baby it's cold outside and niether of them knew so i googled it.
alex rodriguez pulls out of world baseball classic because everyone else is doing it
they're not telling anyone if they've been hired until the 9th and she knows that because shes the one that told me that.
but, he listened to nothing i was saying about her being on medication and being fully capable when she's not having an episode.
less than a week ago, my mom calls me.
loophole in curse lets archaeologist off the hook
nah, wrapping is important part and i really want the family to help out.
constructionist supreme court to revisit women's suffrage
it got a minor crack on the edge of the screen and it startled us both i started getting s#|t form most of my class which was mostly: "you need to pay for that" and along those lines (since im not popular) to add he was using it even though you're not supposed to (kinda obvious) so of course the teacher takes the side of the majority which obviously makes them more confident.
so instead of wasting the money by not using it or buying something i don't like i sold it on facebook.
fbi counterterrorists launch media campaign downplaying symbolic value of golden gate bridge
i wake up at 7 and get the toddler ready for daycare and drop her off on my way to work.
white house corrects transcript to add few more insults about female reporter
she told me she had a rough week and was reflecting her emotions at the conversation.
from her tone of voice during this line of questioning and her final response i assume that the guy is getting fired.
supposedly educated professor has no idea how to get bird out of lecture hall
we offered some ideas that if she wants to have a coed party, she should not force the games/present opening on the men and have craft beers and cigars for them.
we shared some of the same friends.
case 2: emily is essentially the same, except 1.
michael j. fox visibly excited by return to tv
sighing, resigned climate scientists say to just enjoy next 20 years as much as you can
'new york times' bully knocks stack of polls from nate silver's hands
so, i gave her the wrapped xbox and told her it was an apology item and that i was sorry for everything i ever did to her.
nation's sanitation workers announce everything finally clean
experts say puerto rico still extremely vulnerable to future u.s. government
the surrogate stays on for 2 years after the child's birth to breast feed i currently have only 2 sons born 1 of them is on the way.
i did not see the way i was talking to her as inappropriate.
this happened 2 weeks ago, but i just discovered this sub.
at this point we're all annoyed.
and i was like “well maybe they didn’t wanna hurt your feelings?” after that she called me a jerk and that was the end of that conversation.
beijing fire department extinguishes massive five-alarm burning cloud of smog
traveler amazed by sheer number of mexicans
&#x200b; turns out that william (another friend in our group) says that he found a new job and had to go on a business trip on the date of the concert so he couldn't make it and offers to give away his ticket to sally, and sally was gonna give the ticket away on twitter.
neither one of us knowing anyone in the city, knowing he’s from indiana and i was moving from 40 minutes away, it was a dream to be in a city this big.
teenage katrina survivor wins yet another essay contest
i will be responsible for him and my so will not have to be involved in any way.
all proceeds no longer going to charity
but anyway, aita for being upset about this and should i say something to them?
say everybody in a group spends the same amount of money on gifts, and receives an equal value of gifts in return.
then 13 year old me became her caregiver when she was diagnosed with cancer.
but instead he told me to go for another girl.
c plays loud music and likes dancing in her room.
note: none of this is true, i never even met her the whole week and we only communicated through texts and phone calls.
raytheon ceo sends obama another article about mounting unrest in libya
trump fulfills campaign promise of pushing major immigration decision on someone else so he can watch tv
what the hell am i supposed to do?
i just suck it up and grumble, but it does bother me.
the ra came over at around 10:45pm and upon being let into the apartment, yelled at everyone to leave immediately.
romney receives 20-minute standing ovation at naawp event
i fired back a lil and said something to the effect of "what the hell do you expect if your posting on small local community subreddit with almost your entire name as your username".
my wife recently began complaining that she felt isolated.
he was calling us all stupid and we rebutdtaled by pointing out how bad his exam scores were.
i didn't go out this year because i was back in my hometown and just was afraid to go out at all for fear of cops going after anyone.
boss' dick not going to suck itself
the other day, she told me that she should be going to her best friend’s lingerie party.
the last couple of weekends he’s been bringing his switch in case they want to play smash.
she then suggests i finish it tomorrow.
iranian nuclear scientists hurriedly flush 200 pounds of enriched uranium down toilet during surprise u.n. inspection
man visiting hometown amazed to find all his childhood insecurities still there
conductor fatigue blamed in massive model train crash
report: on surface, glenbrook, oh a small town like any other
aita for refusing to clean my hair out after i shower in a shared apartment?
toaster's crumb tray full of sprinkles
local oaf not sure what part of counter you order at
9-12 courses a semester, including gen ed’s.
male bonding leads to bail bonding
obama finishes deal to get every american a free parrot
i found out that evening when his ex is just like "did you know that your best friend and the girl you like are dating?" (i am friends with his ex and i said that i liked this girl to her).
a few months ago i met this girl (who we’ll call minty since that’s her nickname and i don’t want to use her real name) and we became good friends, she was very nice.
also important to note our complex has quiet hours between and 10pm and 8am, i follow these to the letter but i do need to work on my car so some saturday's and sunday's i crank shit from 8:01am to 9:59pm.
i was tired of being pushed around, and she challenged me, and i was very much ready to do worse than that to her.
aita for not wanting to hang out with my autistic cousin?
dad claims he never once committed to paying for the plane tickets.
i said her friend could come stay with us instead if she wanted but my daughter said a couple of other girls were going too and she can’t tell them to come to ours.
this was 2 weeks before the internship ended, so there was no time to redeem myself.
psychologists advise practicing words 'president trump' over next 2 months to prepare for inauguration
aita for asking my ex girlfriend for her cousins phone number?
aita for getting my roommate addicted to juuling so that i could buy pods off her at my college, pretty much everyone juuls/vapes/smokes cigs/dips.
another boxing hall of fame induction ends with everyone punching each other
also, i have no idea where folks got the idea that i think i live in a world of *slur(s)* but i definitely do not.
i was fine with that and we continued as usual.
aita for not telling my best friend happy birthday?
impoverished kenyan bean picker can't wait to see what starbucks has to say about racial sensitivity
he paid for my college tuition and bought me a new car which i can't explain how grateful i am for.
area dad saw a great show on bigfoot last night
turkey sandwich given locally relevant name
i repeated that i had asked for the chair, told her where it would be and that she could take it back any time.
occasionally it gets more creative, for example, once someone found an extension for chrome that edits all of the text on every webpage you open to wook wike this (owo).
edit 2: i do realize that this is not that big of a deal but i just wanted to get it off my mind anyway.
i am dutch (this way of paying for dinners is normal in the netherlands) and shared a dinner with two french friends.
two of the people coming were going to be two people that are my best friends, and the others are people i'm acquainted but not very close with, but would like to get closer.
he kept a few bananas on "his" side of the kitchen with psilocybin spores in them, cut open to allow sunlight and air in.
girl: i'm not but thanks me: what do you mean, you're not faking depression?
aita here for telling her to stay the fuck out of my business and that i literally do not need her respect and never did?
after one week of radio silence (which incidentally contained my birthday, which she ignored), she sent me an angry message explaining that it had been "messages like these" that made her so exhausted.
jay z honored to be nominated in same category as jay z
i share a flat with a friend and our contract runs out in august.
she becomes non-communicative, as is usually the case in situations like this, and no matter how hard i try to explain to her that this girl means absolutely nothing to me, it's not really helping the situation.
but he said that he was going to have his brother use it because he makes half as much as we do.
aita for taking back my dad’s cigars?
laughing is not something i can control, especially when we just keep seeing more.
this lets me get a larger denomination than one dollar bills so i’m not walking around with a bulging wallet that makes me look like i just robbed a strip club or a lemonade stand.
aita for telling my so that i value her advice and my friend's advice differently because they work in different fields hi everyone!
happened on friday, i took him and his friends to starbucks because he asked me to.
so i tell her, “well, are you going to sit there crying about it or are you going to buck up and try to fix your piece?
i’ve never wanted to talk to her about it for obvious reasons, but i am feeling guilty now because she told me last night that all of her pregnancies have been accidents and she really wants to go back to work but can’t because she is never able to get a break.
pope francis grills burgers on balcony of st. peter's basilica
headline about so-called lobsterman extremely misleading
they were all pretty nice and understanding, especially once we offered to clean up the sidewalks and told them that the chickens will eat all the fleas and mosquitos in the yard (we live in the south and it’s a problem).
blind date pronounces every syllable of word 'comfortable'
high school teaches parenting skills by having students post nonstop photos of egg to social media
but , i get infuriated sometimes because she pulls the “gender card” quite too often , and all this womens rights stuff thats not really applicable to a normal conversation ...
they're not too expensive (about 5 bucks and the packs have enough to last about two weeks) but college students and budgets and all...
sounded fun and i was able to move some things so i could be free then so i agreed.
while it may not be a dark joke, it is a racist joke.
his mother chasing after him telling him to stop...
he was visibly shaken and hurt by the letter.
courtroom artist clearly infatuated with bailiff
i told him it was stupid to sit there for hours, because my presence wasn't going to help anyone.
they are abnormally small and pointy in all directions and have a lot of room between them.
so if you feel like i have to allow her to punk me or face being an asshole i'm completely comfortable with that.
mom keeps sending newspaper clippings about former classmates who have been murdered
i told them they were all out, then i let them split the rest of my candy i had so that to my dad it looked like i bought them candy.
the girls' respect for authority is what is silencing them and their respect for authority is what allowed them to be abused.
aita for asking my husband to use the guest/spare bathroom to poop in instead of our master bathroom?
al-qaeda marching band to join macy's parade after incredible audition
i mean don’t get me wrong, i have horrible communication skills and it’s hard for me not to come across as aggressive/ angry when i’m trying express the issue i have with someone (childhood trauma yada yada).
gene wilder's career in ruins following death of richard pryor
blissed-out, hemp-wearing sean spicer assures reince priebus this the best thing that ever happened to him
science fiction writer admits unstoppable killing machine based on mother
i suppose that part is true but i didn’t think it was a huge deal and i wasn’t aware that he had asked until after i talked to her this morning.
you were just touching your dick" and i really just don't wanna hear it so since there were others there i just used some soap and washed my hands.
i pawned my husband’s wedding ring today so i could pay rent *and* buy groceries.
fast forward to now, she told me that i’m the one who’s the asshole because we had agreed that we would talk about the problems we have with each other.
i handled this the same way i always do when a confrontation is imminent: i told a joke at my own expense and changed the subject.
a good friend will support their friend in any way they can.
her mother sent us a few things in a package for the holidays.
crowd feeling kind of silly now after spending all that time pleading rooftop sniper not to jump
over-hydrated terrier proud owner of six city blocks
i think we could do counseling and therapy in parallel to trying to make a baby.
al-qaeda: latest missile attack bears hallmarks of u.s. military
pool cues go unused in disappointing bar fight
area father beginning to suspect 3-year-old a real ding-dong
they were both sent to their room.
additionally, i just wanted someone's opinion on what i said and whether or not i was out of line.
i know it's silly, but i'm genuinely upset by this.
people now complain about “the system” when i feel that they forged their own fate.
i always tried to present myself as a guy who doesn't care about other peoples skin colors, religions or sexual interests.
her brother recently asked me if i killed anyone.
area man guesses he'll learn the difference between shiites and sunnis
however, i have had a shitload of inheritance, so even though she is making 7 figures a year we are equals money wise.
that was the only comment related to her race i made all night, it wasn't a big deal to me, and i didn't think anything of the comment.
as far as i am aware there wasn't anything leading into this disagreement.
- not long after i get a text from ike, "fuck you u fat stupid bitch dont be talkin shit bout me cuz i have friends that u dont.
entertainment-history buffs re-enact battle of the network stars
youtuber cringing while watching amateurish early, current work
when no ones done chores by friday, i’ll do them all.
'you're my best friend,' says obama to drone that appears outside bedroom window every night
again, he said no, so i pushed and asked for a legitimate reason why.
redundancy built into tv show to protect against failure
american people admit having facebook data stolen kind of worth it to watch that little fucker squirm
aita if i were to report my suitemates?
on the other, i shifted the burden and personally caused the misfortune of another.
just a little dissapointed is all".
wildebeest taking awful lot of credit for stampede
article about return of burger king chicken fries only news area man has clicked on today
catholic church brings in new perspective on solving abuse scandal with appointment of toddler bishop
i asked about it and my mom completely went back on her word and said that she never said it.
movie theater employee hurt by customer's comments about high price of popcorn
she also told me she is aware of how too much g affects her and is convinced that she was not/barely conscious when the sex started.
alabama cracks down on abortions by outlawing all medical procedures
family saved by three-way inflatable goat
my mom (the only person that i've proposed to his plan to) thinks that i'm an asshole because m it's an old lady and it would be cruel to leave her out in the new york cold.
i'm scared that as the baby comes, i will no longer get any attention and that i will be kind of kicked out of the family (feeling like an outsider, as all three of them are a family when i'm from an earlier marriage.) the thing that annoys me the i most about this is that they never tried to plan this with us children.
b had a particular prejudice against the opposite sex.
veggie lasagna at vapiano - description sounded good.
the next morning i ask her how her night was she completely over reacted and calls me a jerk and replies with “k” when she knows that’s annoying.
i’ve packed most of my electronics ahead of time, so they’re not much of an issue.
for nye i went to a friends house for a party with three of my friends.
from the start we agreed to be in an open relationship because both of our parents got divorced and we didn't think too highly about standard monogamous relationships.
trump unveils reelection campaign plan to drive bus into crowds across country
such as “you’re a sweet little girl cat, aren’t you tommi?” or “you’re the queen girl cat in this house, aren’t you tommi?” at one point, i asked him why he thought he was having issues with tommi’s gender, and he said it was because of her name.
first one being when i came on to him while they started dating awhile ago and i thought she would think i did something to encourage him to say that.
neighborhood busybody reports sound of gunshots
am i over thinking all of this?
i'm getting a tattoo design however she has an actual phobia to part of the design, it makes her physically ill to look at it.
&#x200b; of course, this whole thing hurt my boyfriend's feelings a lot and i felt like i was in a really tough position.
wound-up tim kaine running around clinton campaign headquarters in pajamas
aita for thinking only one of these cops should be memorialized?
she only speaks spanish and that’s very annoying to me.
old el paso introduces emergency taco kit
aita for leaving a small dent on someone’s car bonnet?
i just started dating a single mother about 2 weeks ago and it's like instant chemistry with all three of us.
i let them know that a customer threatened to assault me because of a misunderstanding over a price.
context: around a week ago, my girlfriend and i met up and she was in a 'weird mood' (her words).
📷 i honestly don't know what to say \-that's the only response that came to mind well i'm not mad at you right now or anything 📷 i know
but her parents never responded to me.
officials unveil plan to convert underused senate chamber into storage facility
&#x200b; so yesterday, a was making so many funny jokes at the expense of c, and b was saying "okay it's getting really old." but a also kept making the jokes to annoy b.
man from future can't stop living in the less-far-into-the-future
and i'm no snitch so i didn't say any names except that i helped a girl out of the ditch and made sure she got home fine.
midwestern tornado destroys 4 world's largest objects
her friends came over and she started trying to make this "rant" about college bias'.
family watches in silence as dad checks out waitress
philip morris lawyers deny cigarettes are cylindrical
man annoyed by travel plaza's abridged pizza hut menu
my argument is that i just didn’t jive with her and have very little middle ground and i didn’t see the point.
my boyfriend is going back tomorrow, and i hope that for all of the trouble they at least give me matching silverware because bed bath and beyond (and oneida!) definitely don't sell mismatching sets of silverware.
she went to go and ask someone else about it, and i just stood there waiting for her to get back, cause i didn't really have anything better to do.
just as a side note, i realize this shit sounds really trivial, but it actually really bugs me since i'm not good at dealing with this sort of stuff, and i don't wanna look like a dick.
he's since moved out, and i never did end up going on a date while he was still there.
report: 92% of americans would have gotten over ex by now
wibta for breaking it off with a guy because of his phone?
i did not apologize (or at least i can’t remember if i did).
it was a mistake and i am an asshole for that.
my mother in law thinks i’m comply crazy for starting something like this.
i lost my cool ‘cuz i’m a woman-child and told him he was being ridiculous and reiterated that it wouldn’t hurt anything, and he was stubborn, blah blah (nothing spiteful) but i didn’t feel like talking to him for the rest of the night because when he has his mind set to a decision, he won’t change it.
high school principal can already tell students are going to eat this one alive
that's what we had an argument about.
all-in-all, i thought it went pretty damn well, especially since i had barely any prep-time (they wanted me to do the first session the day after character creation, which i hesitantly agreed to).
a tutor every saturday for 1 to 2 hours, unlimited access to books, and programs for learning.
laura ingraham claims protesting parkland students don't have enough gun knowledge to criticize nicholas cruz
she got addicted to a game called "vrchat".
mario batali reduced to selling bowl of ravioli on craigslist
aita for not taking out the garbage?
i cant help but feel that it's my fault.
we got the food and ate it and then she asks me for a slice and i say “ no because i payed for it and it was expensive and i don’t have that much money to begin with” i wasn’t going to ask to eat the pasta she (kinda) paid for and i don’t really see anything wrong with not wanting her to eat my food especially when she knows i don’t have that much money to begin with.
the effects of her talking to one of our friends resulted in a close nitted friend group having a vividly wrong picture of the person i am today.
historical archives: to be sold - carved wooden heads
they kept these 2 dogs outside 24 hours a day.
aita for saying an inappropriate joke to my friend?
so, yes i’m on a alt for many reasons.
they talk shit cause they think i'm weird and don't give a shit but they won't even check up on me?
edit 2: he has been reported to the principal and was suspended but it did nothing.
my cousin and i have always been close, and honestly, she’s the closest thing i have to a sister.
previously, when i had tried to tell his parents, he would get very upset with me, and his parents wouldn’t do much to help the situation, which is why i hadn’t tried that in a while.
&#x200b; but does that mean she should be able to ruin the video recording of our concert by sitting next to the microphone and overshadowing all the beautiful singing with her own cringe-worthy 'singing'?
also for context the people doing this are the younger people in our office.
and if the woman were to request the man put the toilet seat down after urinating, not only is she increasing the number of tsas he would have to perform, but she is also increasing the total number of daily tsas from 8.5 to 14, which is highly inefficient.
4 hours scrolling through facebook before bed referred to as 'winding down'
monsanto develops hardier strain of corn that yields 4 times normal litigation
with only hours left, he has been pestering me to finish it, and looking at it, it seems a mess, although i did have the whole day to work on it.
the american dream: what does that part about kissing the gym teacher mean?
recently i made some new friends in a local chat, and they are a lot more like me, they're kinda roudy and fun...
white house guidance counselor recommends clinton consider career in hotel management
but she's 18, she has grown up all right.
info: i didn’t know if she was single, but hey that never stopped anybody, you’ll never know if you don’t try.
the whole #thotaudit fiasco has me hoping that sex workers who don't pay taxes on their earnings deserve punishments.
everyone at airport delighted by chubby family rapidly waddling toward gate
a few days ago i was asked to fill out a survey about a fairly contreversial topic for a group who we'll call z from here on.
report: 79% of minority suspects receive miranda rights while unconscious
i once was going to repossess it after i found out they fornicated on it, but felt bad bc then it wouldn’t be used and they enjoyed it so much.
mood of sex dungeon undercut by sight of plug-in air freshener
recently i met a girl on bumble, who as it happened wanted a casual non-exclusive situation, which was fine with me.
my gf doesn't get mad at me for watching porn, so why should she be mad at me for ogling an acquaintance of hers?
she was all over me though!!
so we goed to the very top of the hill, which was like, 10-15 feet up from the normal ground?
the suv began creeping up on me again.
our daughter kept pulling it toward her, and during this whole thing the fork ended up in the air with the point end at toddler-head level and both of them pulling on the fork.
i used this subreddit to post and let them see they were in fact the a.
it got to the point that i couldn't think of anything but posting racism.
aita for getting upset over a future stepsibling who will be 17 years younger than me?
study: 74% of home contractors end up accidentally walling themselves in during housing construction
she was sitting on the bed with this other named "jenny" and it appeared to be just talking, but jenny was in a robe.
television character nervous about upcoming class reunion
i tell her that her weight is out of control and that she is morbidly obese and that her health will continue to decline, she screams at me that i am insulting her.
saying this is not right &#x200b; &#x200b; me: why?
i work out a lot and made a lot of changes to my body, i am at a healthy weight, i have a more toned body and whenever i bring it up casually its like no haha fuck sports.
aita for leaving a girl because of her sexual past?
we also wanted to live in underserved communities where we could be around real people instead of the dallas suburbs we grew up in or in gentrified soho where we moved from.
her boyfriend comes over, she’s heating up some soup and then takes a napkin and coughs up a goober, folds it and puts it on the fucking kitchen table.
thus, we would have to walk about 15 minutes to the nearest gas station to purchase packs of juul pods.
aita for yelling at my girlfriend yesterday while i was in a phone call with my girlfriend (ldr), while she was at her college cafeteria, i heard a man's voice asking very politely as if they've known each other for a while (on a first name basis) if he could sit down next to her.
we dated over a year ago, and the basis of our friendship was us saying that feelings for each other is a nono.
i assumed that i had it for about a year before actually getting tested for it and being told that i didn't have it (this was back in september before i was dating this person).
i captioned this 'i hope you fucking see this.
npr listener acquires kick-ass tote bag
then she told me that she has been "food insecure" over the past few weeks because of her medical/credit card debt and that she didn't have the $20 in her bank account to take out because she had to pay at brunch.
online activists unsure about offensiveness of article, figure they'll destroy author's life just in case
i chuckled and went on my way.
u.s. consumer confidence shaken after mom buys wrong kind of tortilla chips
i was really committed to practice before the match, and probably put in more work than anyone else.
'please, i'll tell you everything,' whimpers rick gates after mueller threatens to send him back to white house
in the end she storms out and books a hotel for herself anyways and stops talking to me.
i guess part of it might also stem from my childhood.
she declines saying she is busy but counters with an alternative to see a exhibition at a local planetarium on the weekend.
edit 1: i will mention i only ever busted his balls on his actual skills and not paying attention, not for what he’s interested in.
i didn’t mean for this to happen.
then i stand and get my carryon out of the overhead bin.
my husband has injured his back 2-3x from falling on ice and had to go to chiropractors, get mri’s done, stay bed rested on a new firm mattress, pain killers, etc.
fbi investigators struggling to keep track of all the draftkings employees nicknamed 'd-blaze' while sifting through emails
i have accepted the fact that i will never truly be happy again, if i want her to get the happiness she deserves.
brittle jewess does not like what george clooney is wearing
texas schools to no longer teach students about autoerotic asphyxiation
child's loose grasp on balloon only thing between peace and anarchy at restaurant
this whole episode went down about a year ago.
we don’t generally get along cause i think he tries to hard to be popular and is really easily pressured by people to do stuff and in doing so is a dick to people.
sexually though, we’ve had some issues.
my partner asked her not to make alterations (because in the past she's been really rude to waiters, to the point of making a childish face when she doesn't like what they offer).
i tell him to delete all those messages so she can't see them (she has my discord account) and she sees the messages, screenshots them when i say delete them, and she sends them.
aita for going to my ex boyfriends house to get money he owed me?
she believes the neice is being 'a drama queen' and that it's 'just a blackhead'.
back in july, my family and i were vacationing in france, i asked for an xbox controller for my games.
new jersey supreme court rules the bastard had it coming
i know it’s petty but i don’t think i should find out through social media that my godson was born.
anyway i get home, and there is a follow request from her on instagram, and this is supper bizzare cuz i don’t even know who she is.
item individually wrapped for no reason
aita for getting on to my students for forgetting their music?
so, am i the asshole for thinking the least he could do was give me a ring?
i also think that tips is literally an acronym for (to insure prompt service).
he complained about not being able to make ends meet , and having debt he should repay.
aita so over spring break i am going on a trip to dc with my school.
but i loved him & mostly accepted it with occasional all out screaming matches about why he was too wimpy to ask her to leave.
not by encouraging, or supporting, but by insulting and nagging.
60-year-old corporate executive grotesquely forms word 'hashtag'
i told her that i’d be a good fit for someone to lose her virginity to.
&#x200b; thanks for the read, apologies again for the long post, and grateful for the honest opinions to give me some perspective.
so this year i told him for my birthday i want sex everyday for a month.
this means that we will see each other approximately 4 times a year for the next 3 years.
i had this friend, who i’ll call peter.
i’m not proud to say that i spend a lot of time and energy trying to figure it out, and that’s it’s starting to take on an almost obsessive quantity lately.
thick sweater no match for determined nipples
is it unfair of me to be upset?
&#x200b; so, i need to know, am i the asshole for not telling my wife?
that makes me more important and valuable than most of you, since i'm going to save lives.
my best friend, now brother in law, brings his wife my sister in law.
during the week we see each other only when we attend courses at uni, which is from the end of september to the end of december, and from the end of february to the end of may: we go to courses together, we have lunch and study together, but of course we don't do any of the proper "couple's stuff" in that time, like going for walks, on dates or so on.
i love them so much and there is so much i want to know about them.
wall street journal lays off 150 stipple-portrait artists
san andreas fault feels terrible for what it's about to do
now, that's fine, there's literally nothing wrong with that, so i jokingly said something along the lines of: "ha, you absolute nonce." she kinda just looks at me with a confused expression on her face.
mom's head rotates demonically after passing sign for antique wicker furniture
her being on her period (which i know she cannot control) limits our activities.
i checked my debit card's history, and audible wasn't charging me- i was getting these for free!
bleary-eyed coworker up all night generating more work for you
i’ll be first in row, stopped at a red light in a major intersection.
she said she felt guilty for winning, and didn't let herself win.
she left it unread for a few days, then read it but never responded.
college's new careerlink program connects students with thousands of annoyed alums
they said for my brother to get off of the game but he didn't listen.
and i've really taken any way to get back at her i could growing up.
prison warden vows to take away el chapo's tunnel privileges if captured
aita for telling a girl i am gay when she is yelling at me for staring at her?
i was going to email the dean of the department assuming she'd be able to answer my questions while including that i emailed the coordinator and the response i got from him.
city to issue deep, meaningful municipal bonds
i guess i'm just frustrated because i don't want a stranger around my things, and i wish he would have told me that he was going to be doing stuff like this sooner so i could have figured out what to do with my things sooner.
immediately went to go see if my charger was plugged in, and smelt something burning.
home-brewing phase comes to long-overdue conclusion
after that, i messaged her in august because she seemed very angry at me, for example pushing me when she walked past.
'bang, bang,' bored white house sniper whispers to self with random tourist's head in crosshairs
retiree purchases recliner he'll eventually die in
she lives on student loans in student housing.
so her project is left in a shabby state, because i derailed her progress, and wasn't obliged to share mine, which i didn't.
maybe she wants one, but i am not that person.
insect with limitless flying space rockets straight for man's pupil
slovenian 8th-graders surprised even they outperformed u.s. students in science
he definitely just said it isn't to throw a tantrum.
local burger feels especially disgusting today
saudi crown prince begins 100 hours of court-ordered community service for murdering jamal khashoggi
she insisted two more times and when we went to wash them, she was almost finished.
am i the asshole to try and broach this further and open my boyfriends mindset to a more polyamorous arrangement?
tldr at the bottom so on the spring of 2016 i found out that my college girlfriend got pregnant.
clinton calls for big bucks, no whammys
i can kind of see them wanting to get more exposure on their post, but am i wrong for thinking people shouldn't do it?
tl;dr i let my dogs fight off another dog after their owner took it off leash to "introduce" them without talking to me prior?
the evening got longer and after a while, we sat down next to each other and talked some more.
i thank her for cleaning up.
when my partner requested this, she burst into tears and ran off to the toilet.
study finds marine life now global leader in oil imports
stressed-out sean hannity buys 12 little cabins in maine to get away from it all
onion social ceo rebukes 480,000 crimes at international criminal tribunal including illegal surveillance, insider trading, mass murder, indecent exposure
i had said yes, thinking that it wouldn't go through (she had been engaged at least 3-4 times before and had never really gone anywhere).
we frequently have get togethers for birthdays and holidays, and sometimes everyone goes to mom's house for a meal because she wants to see us.
new lawn-care product makes neighbor's lawn less green
she told me that she had never been in a relationship before.
nation inspired by bravery of teen just wearing bikini right into mcdonald's
report: it unclear whether opposition from every sector of american society will have any effect on healthcare bill passing
i don't curse in public and i'm typically very polite to people in general.
i also feel like this is all happening too fast and with everything else that has changed along with this new girlfriend it is too much for me.
didnt date anyone till i met my current girlfriends.
peyton manning's wife quietly asks how much longer papa john going to crash on their couch
a few days pass and he shows up around 10:00 looking like sh't and very sad.
and the final exam is for a class i'm teaching, i have to come up with fair problems and then time the exam to make sure it's fair to the students, which takes hours of trial-and-error.
'rock the vote' propels metallica to senate
her parents are boring cordial and from what i understand his partner is going to be there also.
aita for telling her about my interests?
husband calls for greater separation of church and mate
trump slammed for signing john mccain defense bill without praising how many people it will kill
aita for not being in a rush to pay back my roommate?
so he meets me & we're in love but wont even drive me past his house for fear she'd see us.
woman ejected from bed in cracker-eating incident
once in the last weeks she started crying (she never, ever cries) and said she wished she was dead, stressed that she didn't want to kill herself and never would, just that she wished she was dead.
all-american ticket hails from alaska, panama canal zone
he's complained about the dog barking non stop.
i know that she has feelings for me though so she continues to come over whenever i ask her to, sometimes i’ll ask her to come over but tell her i don’t have condoms and she’ll offer to give me a blow job, but i think she eventually started to feel bad about that.
he asked with who and i told him a woman.
so i mixed some rancid shit together (piss, toilet water, dog shit, drain cleaner) and dipped every brush and painted it on every item of makeup.
aita if i stopped talking to a "friend"?
is it an asshole thing to do that, or am i justified after all the embaracement and disappointment i've been through.
every day i see girls at the gym who look totally ordinary but with amazing body changes.
tour becoming one-on-one between guide and man who knew name of mckinley's assassin
for intimacy i keep a social circle of younger women who i meet casually for dates and/or sex.
man returning from vacation settles on single concise anecdote he'll tell everyone who asks
she got all sad, started crying and told me that it was unfair that i was being mean to her while i never was mean to my bullies.
mom walked and basically ignored ss after that.
everyone got wasted, most people not making it home before vomiting.
ugh, this a place where bartenders wear bow tie
i told him he should and give the guy a chance and play as he is sort of excluding the guy.
i've since matured a little and am polite whenever i see them, but they don't seem interested in having a relationship with me, which i totally understand and am not mad or resentful for since it is my fault.
trump staffer grateful to work with so many people he could turn over to fbi in exchange for immunity
he stopped watching porn but i accidentally found his account by a post in a sub.
u.s. citizens: 'we love when thing taste like other thing'
so, we started kinda hating each other.
of mozart's "leck mich im arsch".
she said i was being "disrespectful to her culture" and i was being a "basic trump supporter" i'm thinking logically here.
so i pretended i went and lied about it.
while that was what what i was in the moment thinking, i feel i shouldn't have sent that.
aita for not giving the customer what he wants after threatening me because i was taking a nap i manage a new and used furniture store and the other day i took a little cat nap in the office.
mgm releases gala sixth-anniversary edition of son-in-law
bags under tommy lee jones' eyes causing him neck problems
go to the comments to read the original post if you want, but i can guarantee you'll write yta.
horrifying society of grotesque mutants discovered living aboveground
our anniversary was recently, and i had noticed that our local fish counter was selling sushi grade fish, along with the rolling mats and nori, so i suggested that we have homemade sushi for our anniversary dinner before going out and she upset and said, "i'm not learning how to make sushi because then i'll *never* get a real date ever again." we ended up going out instead.
takeout burrito shielded from cold as though it were week-old newborn
they said they were okay to use condoms but would have preferred that i was on the pill as they really didn't want a child.
we basically fuck around and play some games and just shoot the shit.
aita for telling my wife to get over it?
now, i want my other things back from her, including two 8gb ram sticks, a headset, the keyboard/mouse i had lent her, and some clothes i had kept there in case i stayed the night.
my parents ended up snooping through my text messages with her and found out.
i was, unknowingly, the other woman.
she was kinda upset, apologized for being "annoying" and left me alone, for about an hour before she started doing it again.
so, was i or am i the asshole for getting that puppy?
and i know she's broke ass, so it's not like she could call an uber or lyft, she would have had to get a friend or family give her a ride if she could find someone (she had her phone), otherwise it was probably a 6-7 mile walk home.
i've explained to my so it's not an admission of guilt or me wanting to "win" (i apologize a lot because i want people to feel comfortable around me and them to know i am taking into consideration how i have made them feel), but somebody telling me they care about me, don't want me to be hurting or to hurt me, and dislike the fact i *am* hurting.
she looked for a while then i asked her again to throw it away.
gorilla won't stop saying 'gorilla' in sign language
he asked if i knew who's it was, and i said i did not.
after i do that i got to get some paper towels and leave, but to my surprise there was none left in the dispenser.
(mum will buy and wrap the gifts from my nana and grandma so they don't have to go out and do it) we visit them and it's not there, i question mum why it's not there a few days later and she said she returned it because she did not like the gift and did not want me to have it.
all-knowing invisible hand of free market once again guides millions in profits to nation's bead stores
father teaches son how to shave him
new epa study finds 98% of u.s. mop water fucking nasty as hell
my brother is around fourteen, and doesn’t really show the same interest in these types of movies.
black father gives son the talk about holding literally any object
'entertainment weekly' critic lets director redo 'sorority row' for better grade
israel calls for increase in u.s. taxes to fund attacks on gaza
and then when i’m home i have my homework and stuff plus i have a part time job.
a few seconds later the man came out of the bathroom and i sneered at him and he looked shocked.
i just think that everyone overreacted when it came to me being diagnosed.
john kerry scrambles to stop bunker's self-destruct sequence as russian oligarch taunts him from bank of monitors
climate change denier battens down worldview to weather hurricane irma
context: i really enjoy animated movies, even though i'm in my twenties.
you are distracted by details you have invented about me, her and our relationship.
aita for asking for credit my girlfriend and i went to the phone company’s business center to report a disruption from almost 3 weeks ago.
my father is a very hardworking person, having come from a village in asia to north america, and now works at a top tech company in the north america.
>him: the consensus i'm getting is, "let's keep going the way we're going".
i got a job on my own accord because i wanted to save for a car for college.
&#x200b; tldr; started dating one of my brother's friends, he and friend drifted apart but after we had a rocky breakup my brother has been making a point to try and hang out with said friend
i said, “what the hell man, fuck you”.
she insisted that it was fine and that she had fun regardless, but i’m worried that she’s just lying because she doesn’t want me to feel like crap.
report: iran less than 10 years away from 2016
myself and my other friend said no.
mark zuckerberg apologizes to congress for not realizing scope of his genius
shotgun blast to abdomen just pisses wilford brimley off more
marine biologists train highly intelligent octopus to profitably manage mid-size aluminum goods supplier
i agree they are dangerous, but they are also fun to shoot which is why i want one.
* i used ***my*** personal frequent flyer miles to fly them over the last time they came.
they dont use homeopathy exclusively for themselves 2.
after that i continued playing a game and didn't go to comfort her as she would just have shouted at me to go away, so i didnt do anything and continued on my way, she hasn't talked to me since
she could do this while her 14-15 year old sons are at school with no problem.
he would frequently come over and give us gifts and i hardly ever saw him and my dad interacting.
seemed stupid that i had sent messages only for her to read them, and close them.
so when i got there (~30 min) they already called in the prescription.
now, i completely understand that mentality (as we are both 16 years old), and i told her that i respect that, and i wouldn’t force her to do anything she is not comfortable with.
i bought extremely expensive gifts and i specifically went for stuff that they're extremely interested in.
aita for telling someone shipping kids is gross when we are both underage ourselves?
aita for not wanting to pay for someone's gas?
street performer dreams of performing on streets of paris
entire pickup game spent consumed by fear of being passed to
constitution rapidly ages another 100 years from stress of repeated crises
will smith: the black man everyone at work can agree on
it's hard to talk to him and we don't really contact each other.
greenpeace releases rescued dolphins into forest
weird birthday boy blowing out candles wishes for john hickenlooper to win democratic primary
nation's gynecologists assure women that whatever gets stuck in there they can get out
my cousin (who we will call b, happens to be my a’s boyfriend, they’ve been dating for 3 years but we were friends for a little while before that) started an instagram account.
santa doesn't work that way blah blah blah.
she does not want to attend and instead has requested me to stay home and take care of her.
'when i'm acquitted, i'll murder those interviewers,' robert durst mutters while still wearing microphone
right before my dorm was closing for the holidays i found a note attatched to the wall across form my door.
then she said is it because i make fun of your family?
mueller gives up trying to get report published after receiving 19th literary agent rejection
so over the last couple of weeks, i’ve used multiple vpns to circumvent ip bans and bypass spam filters to constantly flood them with posts.
aita for putting someone in their place and defending myself?
aita for playing games daily until school begins and my father hates it?
i feel like she could have said no to teaching and night and chose to teach during the day and is trying to spend time away from me.
i believe i haven’t broken any rules sir!
what makes me think this is tacky, is the fact that she is an avid thief and 80% of her apartment is stolen goods.
bored kim jong-un stacks entire north korean populace into human pyramid to kill time
edit 2: i'm reading all your responses and responding where appropriate.
i explained to him that if he had planned on getting to the office at 9, and the subways were so bad that he didn't get in until the time he did, 9:50, then he could blame the subway, because that's a very significant, genuinely unexpected delay.
i don't even know if i could pay for her recovery or whatever a vet would ask.
i know it was a mistake.
video game character stares impotently at forbidden realm beyond impassable waist-high bush
my dad then punches me under the table, and whispers something like “they’re mom just fucking died and all they want from you is candy, buy it for them” so i walk to the gift shop area with them, i have them wait outside, i walk inside and wait for about a minute and play on my ipad mini, then i walked back out.
pope john paul ii, longtime owner of popemobile, dead at 84
>me: :/ >him: the reception was very positive, that's a fact.
she then tried to save herself by saying that she didn't think that i was going to do that, but she wanted me to understand that "it can happen in the moment of passion" i hung up and just cried, i'm a full grown man, and that seriously upset me, i couldn't believe that one of my closest aunt's implied that i could do something so awful.
i shouldve clarified that she said she didnt want to report it to police.
when the check comes alice -who offered to pay - says that the other three people should split the check with her evenly.
aita for not wanting to hang out with a longtime female friend because she cut her hair?
together we made a video called “[redacted] high school staff portrayed by spongebob”.
that includes bonuses and incentive pay.
i'm currently taking a data structures cs class in college, and we just turned in our group project for the semester.
we end on the fact that if i don’t manage to mature the relationship will end.
i was like mostly ok with this because she's not in college debt any more but she's completely given up looking for real work.
aita for making my aunt cry?
report: saying 'smells okay' precedes 85% of foodborne illnesses annually
report: your father currently typing 'naked women' into yahoo images search bar
he was already there when i arrived.
motorcyclists riding 2-wide in lane right next to you probably know what they're doing
( his response: for fucks sake, it’s 3am.
op’s g: (4:08pm) how soon can you be here?
it would’ve been a very clear cut case of me being the jack ass if he didn’t pull that shit to fuck with me.
i then got upset and told him to reverse the roles, and ask him how he would feel if i told him he needed to "just stop watching porn" because it ends up hurting me.
aita for getting mad at my dad for showing up the hospital?
nostalgic memories of land of the lost ruined in dvd release
north carolina elects someone to run out for cigarettes
earth's successful completion of orbit around sun inspires woman to reflect on eating habits
i do it so that i won't disappoint her and if we do get a cat she'd be more happy with it.
we don't share a room, (we share an apartment) and he always seems to be taking naps at conflicting times when i produce.
context: my friend's gf and i were really close friends up until this point.
person of interest gets away from george zimmerman
school janitor's summer as human already a distant memory
&#x200b; edit 2: ok clearly i'm the asshole & i need to grow a pair
he explained that he didn't mean for it to be disrespectful towards me and just thought it was funny.
area woman already planning party for 'mad men' series finale
aita for telling my girlfriend she had to wait for me to mature?
&#x200b; tl;dr: i didn't tell one of my best friends happy birthday and couldn't go to her birthday dinner because i had chemical burns on my head and was in lots of pain.
also, my boyfriend had an extremely easy schedule for that year so he could of used the time for a job (he always complained about wanting money), however, instead he would just play warframe whenever he could - in between classes, 2 am in the morning, you name it.
equifax impressed by hackers' ability to ruin people's finances more efficiently than company can
obviously best case scenario would've been to discuss it earlier and avoid the whole scenario...
has anyone accused a non pregnant girl of trying to trap them?
heroic turtle dials most of 911
mitch mcconnell celebrates brett kavanaugh as culmination of everything he's worked against
some of the "popular" girls at our school were at a birthday party but its high school so they were high and drunk off their asses.
increasing number of couples now using surrogates to have, raise baby
this feels like such an unfair comparison - i've been dating this guy for six months, and he's from a different background, but he's a good person and we are happy and comfortable together.
i'd begrudgingly (but without any protest) wear a giant red cupcake dress if i were part of the wedding party, but as a guest, i feel like this is a kind of absurd request.
relationship experts say healthy couples should be renewing their vows 3 times a week
previously there had been a long-running game with heavy storyline that would have been hard to get into, but with the new ones starting she took that chance.
i'm using this for future reference.
so this situation happened nearly a year ago but was brought up during a recent conversation.
the caption reads something to the effect of "when i get an email being asked a question on the syllabus." for people saying it doesn't effect anyone/me, i'm not so sure.
confused mueller reminds nation russia investigation wrapped up months ago
the homeowner *knows* i am currently incarcerated.
really can't remember a lot of the stuff i wrote, but i made it pretty clear how i viewed things.
thanks for letting me know how much of an asshole i am, no /s.
it may have just felt like that at the time because that's the lens i was seeing things through.
hops offered to do my costume makeup.
and about a week later and 2 days ago.
i don't know why he's so adamant about this, he said he feels that i'm ashamed of him,which is totally untrue.
jess also states in the hallway "(friend who told us she talks crap about us) is fine, he has a reason, but you guys just kind of ditched us".
my uncle thinks he should've just killed the dog who bit her (he killed both because he couldn't tell who had, they both had blood around their faces) &#x200b; so is papa the asshole?
i slept with someone else and it was mind blowing.
"uhh how do i get girls to fuck me?
aita for throwing a girl out when she rejected me?
i'm in the military with a gi bill in effect, i earn around $700 a month while enrolled from the bill, plus around $200 in pay each month just for being enlisted and working, as well as an additional \~$400/mth from my office job.
in december, my little brothers and i asked for rechargeable batteries for our controllers, my dad agreed to buy us the chargers, i also asked him if i could buy a condenser microphone, an at2020, i would be paying for it from the money i earned obviously.
and even if it was, the greenhouse was not good for our family regardless, it was built to make us money, but after almost three years, it didn't even pull half back of what it cost us.
budweiser unveils social anxiety bottle with 900% more label to pick at
because my ex and i are so close, he and my bf have hung out a couple times with me and others.
i feel like i can’t swallow the food from the anxiety and fear that i may choke, create an extremely embarrassing scene and then die.
she's showed all the unspoken and implied signs of a manipulative psychopath.
i have anger management problems but did my best staying calm - so all i did was vent to my coworkers about it while the waitress was gone.
mom figures it about time to sit down adolescent daughter and explain how weight watchers points work
but i am so the opposite of a cat person that even average is bad.
nation not sure what signals it gave off to make candidates think it would be into them
first of all, i'm 25, and i live with my mother.
i go to her account, and her follow ratio is fucking crazy.
dear aita: i've taken a lot of what you said into consideration, and i had a long meaningful discussion with my father.
her parents are extremely conservative and i think are just making her feel guilty anytime she is at the house with them.
man who plays devil's advocate really just wants to be asshole
&#x200b; during the hike, they started making really crude/vulgar jokes about poop and pee and literally 3rd grade humor stuff.
(probably had like 10 hours of sleep that entire week.).
ryan lochte now changing account of events going back years before robbery
clinton woos gay vote with freddie mercury mustache
the phrasing of the question makes me feel like he is just expecting to come over.
i know this sounds really bad but just hear me out.
a couple of my personal friends that knew john made fun of him when they found out.
aita for breaking up with girlfriend for getting plastic surgery?
aita rejecting high tech am i the asshole?
so anyway he starts to get irritated with me, saying that i am being too picky about roommates, and acting entitled about the property, blah blah blah.
report: climate change to force people to double ice cream consumption speed by 2050
second-grader likes to save purple pills for last
i lost him as a friend, my exgirlfriend who i was still friends with at the time, and vincent.
busy executive has to take this call girl
it's not medically threatening at all, at it's worst sometimes i will get slightly swollen/burning lips (like eating something with hot chilli).
i am 27 years old, and am one of the owners of a small startup that employs 25+ people.
mohawked, aviator-wearing robert de niro idles cab outside suspected bomb-maker's home
this doesn't defend my action though, and if i'm the asshole, i'm still the asshole.
i said "mom everyone knows and can see she does not look like us".
he begrudgingly agreed, but then later changed his mind and called me "rude and immature for going back on my word, and he hoped one day when i'm older i would honor my agreements." i ended up selling to the guy who offered $45.
think i've replied all i can to this thread but continue to tell me imma asshole- i am enough of the time haha just think i am justified here
my grandmother apologized to me for the inconvenience a few times, and i told her it's fine, as there is nothing i can do about it and i wouldn't want to burden her with knowing my discontent.
they're super friendly, we drink beers, smoke weed and listen to awesome vinyls.
employee wishes he had enough job security to voice opinion
her “bitch” comment was a joke, i’m pretty sure, but i saw it as a bit disrespectful and asked her not to do that.
couple unable to conceive of child
aita for being mad at my mom for tipping $1k on an $18k bingo win mom is a bingo regular with her husband, they both have an ebay business that pays the bills and allows them a modest entertainment fund.
it was painfully obvious that i was not thrilled about it.
'apex legends' players finally getting good enough to make game impossible for average people to enjoy
gop officials urge calmer, more reasonable death threats toward kavanaugh accuser
i apologize as thats not what i meant, but she continues to cry and we are now on a loop.
this was around 7pm and she arrived around 8:30...in a wheelchair.
the gym also has little spray bottles of cleaning solution scattered around to use when wiping off equipment after use, which i always used.
i felt really bad about it....
nothing out of the normal i would be happy to help her out and be there for her, then she started sounding desperate for someone to be there for her asking "please answer i just need someone to talk to right now".
i refused to give her a ride and had her call her own uber.
tldr, longterm gf, after pushing and nagging me to talk to her more apparently started complaining to her friends that she thought i was uninterested in her, i blew up, and told her to get out.
l forwarded email to her second in command m.
she then says she'd like to see how much energy i have, and i tell her if i ever get her into a locked room id show her that and then some.
singer cites girlfriend as reason he lives, dies, breaks down, cries
so, am i the asshole here?
me on the other hand only has to not say anything which is quite a lot easier ofc.
i needed her to reassure me and she failed me.
since then, she has invited the other bridesmaids and i to go to 2 events with her.
teen makes clever remark during science class
my brother had always been a wildcard and cant stay in one place.
mayor of phoenix apologizes for naming berlin germany of 1941 as sister city
air traffic controller likes pattern he has going
i am very volatile, and so i'm isolating myself as best i can to avoid collateral damage while i try to keep my composure.
postmaster general: 'letter carrier surge is working'
angry him was angry that i'd try to leave just like that without even saying anything.
we meet weekly now, we don't have sex, we just sort of bond together.
but over the last 7-8 months that they’ve been dating, my other close friend and i have only seen fred like 8 times (all of us live no more than 15 minutes apart from each other), and most of those times are for scheduled events, like weddings or parties that mutual friends have thrown.
shower caddy coated in dazzling multicolor array of various soap films
character witness told he doesn't have what it takes to be star witness
responsible, thoughtful nation decides to ignore charlie sheen situation
well since it's a small town the cops ain't too far from us and they had barely enough time to see the people leaving the party.
i usually ask why they have an id instead of a license and they usually laugh and say one too many dui's.
they help with bachelorette parties and stuff like that.
>me: so they'd rather just fight all the time, and that is frustrating.
nation watches in envy as 15-year-old jots notes in margin of 'to kill a mockingbird'
the list goes on and on.
so a little backstory: i currently live with my gf of 1 year and we have been spending many meals together, naturally.
ferguson decision reaffirms right of police to use deadly force when they feel sufficiently inclined
today, we came across someone in a game that was hitting some insane shots and always knew where we were.
network pushes the 'dumbing it down' envelope
two days ago i sent another email along with a text saying that it was a possibility i would be leaving the state and that i would appreciate if we could talk.
if she was sorry for that then she could just throw the flier away.
the fourth roommate, who i’ll call rm, usually stays in the dorm with me over the weekends, and as a result, he’s the one i hang out with the most, whether i like it or not.
coworker has the item but it has not yet been reimbursed.
this conversation was about five weeks ago, and i really hadn't talked to her since (though she may not have wanted to talk to me either).
nation happily reassured that exxonmobil made profits of $44.9 billion in 2012
man to undergo extensive interrogation by coworkers about where he got falafel
area man proud of blood type
charlie rose presses self about sexual harassment allegations in tense charlie rose interview
throwaway because my boyfriend uses reddit i'm 18, male, my former girlfriend was heavily abusive in every conceivable way and left me with quite serious sex and porn addiction.
divorced father buys string cheese to make coming to his place fun
anyway, since we moved in about 4 ago i haven’t been able to do that as my so (f22) hates scary things which i get, but she won’t give things a try?
like a lot of the time she just stood there not knowing what to say.
he bought a used 55" roku smart tv from his job.
the spa is on the floor level of hotel resort though, where there are stores around and a lot of foot traffic, so we’d have to trudge through a bunch of commotion to and from the shower.
i wasn’t extremely depressed, but i was lethargic and irritable and sad often.
conclusion: i think that my dad is more in the wrong here even if he had been going to that store for 20+ years, it'd love to hear what you guys think tho.
$500 stereo installed in $400 car
that conversation was never pointed in a at of asking her out however.
elementary schooler clearly just learned to swear
disclaimer - i may come off as a douche, but that’s not my intention.
&#x200b; both of them tie out their dogs four \*hours\* at a time, right next to my fence.
when i was an adolescent, she denied me access to public education, completely failed to homeschool me, and screamed at me nonstop for an hour every time i woke her up from a nap.
trump's prefrontal cortex admits it can't possibly filter all impulsive comments coming from rest of brain
aita for getting annoyed at my girlfriend for constantly falling asleep on me ok i need an outside opinion regarding this, my girlfriend falls asleep on me a lot, atleast 3-4 times a week.
bf was with me at the time, we were spending one of our rare nights together, and told abf he couldn't as he was with me.
i keep working on it, and i slowly approach the vagina.
then my friend asked us if we were exclusive, and i said that i personally thought we were, and she....
david byrne holds up old suit to show how far he's come in weight loss journey
250-pound man sadly in best shape of his life
aita for telling my best friends secret?
now, i spoke to him about this, voiced that i don't want to be responsible for babysitting him while we both trip, or ever (which we both understood as a fair grievance), and he agreed that he would keep it to no more than three when around me.
she says im scummy for this.
keep in mind that sabrina brings up that just by telling jerry that she talked to me about it it broke her trust and also that she didn’t specifically tell me i couldn’t talk to him about it.
i was fine with this thinking it would just be part of the rent, but he's also making me pay for food as well.
i only have a first name, so no dice.
he boasted that he had many weapons at home (this might not be a lie, but i doubt he does because some of his friends went over to his house and didn't see any) and that his house's fence was "impenetrable" after sending me a picture of a fence that was from google images.
they now harass me very frequently.
i really don't think it's that bad of a prank to pull and they don't really have any reason to be upset since they didn't even search for it themselves.
we all had to give our opinion and respectfully debate with our peers.
so finally after yet another boring night i decided that i was going to respectfully ask for an open relationship, just so that i can pursue my sexual desires elsewhere while still maintaining the other aspects of our relationship.
bf ordered duck, and enjoyed it a lot.
trump insists he never thought about firing mueller, feeding him to pack of rabid dogs, mounting head in oval office as trophy
while my husband was still at work i hauled the thing to my town dump.
it turns out she also had a crush on him, but lamented that i was "there first" and "in the way" and that "maybe she didn't care how i felt".
for me, being apologized to (and apologizing to others) is incredibly important.
you gave me no time to respond before saying "fine ignore me, you're a child" gf: well last i knew you were responsive me: it shouldn't matter gf: i didn't call you a child me: you insinuated as much gf: no i didn't me: well what else would you call that!
eventually the way the roles worked out with poor attendance, our coach reluctantly had to allow me to play my own role.
we both even likes the same type of video games.
now she is angry at me.
sunday (yesterday) evening i asked him what time he would be home because i had a group of my son’s friends coming over to play after school and for dinner.
recently his girlfriend has been over a lot.
i said she is never in the mood and she said she was upset because she was "worried about her dad".
it's a long and expensive trip to just go sit around and watch tv for a couple days.
so i said i would go clubbing and drinking after a football game that i was going to with my boyfriend and a mate.
its only offensive if you get offended” she told everyone in our discussion group how “racist” we are and how she hates “privileged white people making racist jokes” blablabla.
i could tell i offended her/hurt her feelings.
she is a guest i allow to stay with us for an extended period of time, and i feel my property is not being respected.
let me know your opinion please.
greenspan to play 15 unannounced small-club shows
she seems to think that this is my fault and i should respect her choice to pretend it never happened and never speak on it again.
it’s a public place so i should be allowed to take a picture of whatever i want.
but i found it mean to not invite him to this large and fun event.
throwaway because said sister follows my main.
i often get anxious about the world's situation and overpopulation.
now reddit, i in no way judge her or her food, all i seemed to do, imo is just bring up the nutrition aspect of her food.
u.s. assures hong kong that their protest just one of many issues white house staying silent on
just had the worst knock out drag out fight with my sister, who decided to not vist our almost 60 year old dad in prison.
so far, giving her the cold shoulder seems to have dealt a psychological blow, but that isn't nearly enough.
i went over and stayed at his place.
this morning she told me she doesn't want to wait for me after my shift at work :( and it just kinda hurt my heart to hear that.
so, my landlord has been angrily texting me because i haven't paid my rent for this month.
my husband and i work hard and are self employed- we own a fitness studio.
i didn't really complain at that point though, as i was just relieved to have been allowed to play at all after how quickly i had picked up a new role.
hero lawyer uses technicality to free guilty man
again, i just kinda stewed in my seat and mentally shook my head at these daredevils until we were off the plane.
so i offer to drive to the gas station with him.
vacationing family visits world's biggest asshole
economy of vacation town apparently entirely run by overwhelmed high schoolers
while new years in nyc would be asking a lot, aita for being really angry that no attempt was made to go out?
i tried to be her friend at the beginning of the semester, asking if she’d like to come to the university gardens, campus events, or have lunch.
nation throws off tyrannical yoke of moderate respect for women
he was creepy and started getting more and more aggressive and my mom said even his hugs were very inappropriate, but she still in my opinion treated us as equals.
it was this family, which had a ton of kids, like at least 7 or 8 and a dog, a big dog, a great dane.
i had been setting up plans with my girlfriend at the time (a senior) on the events that would occur.
kevin hart just going to assume he's in 'space jam 2' unless he hears otherwise
with the wedding coming up in a few months, and the fact they we didn't get to see them for thanksgiving, we decided to go to dinner with her parents.
years later, my sister gives that pet's name to her daughter.
i hooked up with a guy who goes to my college late at night after we met on a dating app.
i said i love him and i know i'm being stupid about a small thing but that was how i feel.
raving maniac just saying what everyone wants to hear
she has also stated to me that she finds most of her boyfriend's on sugar daddy websites.
she doesn't want to find another league or even another team (which i'm okay with) and she just won't change even though it makes me extremely upset.
area man does most of his traveling by gurney
area dad informs busboy he's ready to order
5-year-old critics agree: movie 'cars' only gets better after 40th viewing
struggling media company almost desperate enough to hire someone qualified for job
biologists still uncertain about evolutionary function of ugly people
anyways this has been going on for months .
i know i’m an asshole for what i did.
i am literally sleepless over this.
my wife still has all her clothes and some important work stuff in the ap.
paranoid chinese government erases all evidence of country's existence from internet
aita for lying that i am "playing it by ear" when asked by a date for what i am looking for (e.g.
(xposted from other aita) sorry for the wall of text.
i don't want to bum from my parents forever but at the same time honestly i don't know and with depression and stuff like that it is really hard.
mom leaks out another divorce detail during drive to sat prep class
national weather service releases composite sketch of tornado it believes ravaged midwest
yesterday i need a sharpie as mine dried out and as i open her drawer there they are.
this causes me to not be able to pay her a visit during the weekdays, like i would with a car.
however the third person, i’ll call him m, did bring his own dishes from home and stores them under a nightstand next to his bed.
anyway, when he found out, he tried working through it with me for a couple of weeks but it blew up when i texted one of the people i cheated with to let him know what happened and he saw that as a slap in the face.
puerto ricans hoping this year's hurricane season will blow some infrastructure back in place
moronic mailroom worker worked way down from ceo
kroger recalls 35,000 pounds of ground beef that may contain ceo
nationwide sympathy pours in for traumatized cnn town hall survivor
the wife didn't take it well.
this subreddit has a default bias towards most postings.
the other day i had lost my wallet with my campus card in it and haven't been able to get a new one yet.
that she's ashamed of how petty he's being and that she threatened to divorce him.
so i ask him if he has food at home that would serve as a snack (so we can go to taco bell after we clean his car and i also eat a meal because there is no fucking way i'm eating taco bell ever again) to which he replies yes.
aita for cancelling a date so 2 weeks ago i met a girl on tinder, and we hit it off pretty quickly.
u.n. address ends in tragedy as ahmadinejad suffers third degree burns from malfunctioning pyrotechnics
giuliani puts odds of trump-mueller interview at 50-65
'i have four young children,' says kellyanne conway in most disturbing public statement to date
this is all based on an internet witch hunt, and those are not very accurate anyway.
plus there’s a burger king in the same lot as panera so they could have gotten pretty much the same thing there.
we were sitting at lunch all joking around when my friend who we’ll call “g” started picking on all of us like he usually does.
dean cain fanpage last updated 8/14/96
i love being with him and he’s the best thing that ever happened to my kids (he can’t have children), i never thought i’d be so lucky as to meet someone like him, in the first year of our relationship he was literally perfect.
new clinton memoir: 'we all made mistakes but you made most of them'
philadelphia goes way overboard on 9/11 security for liberty bell
i came home for the holiday break as i usually do when the semesters at school end.
i certainly don't want to review his bank accounts regularly nor without his knowledge & consent, but it feels triggering to me that he wants to withhold his password.
i don't want to porn shame him and when we go through period of dryish spells i want him to feel free to get off but...
aita falling asleep during a high school play a few years ago i was at a theater festival and one of the plays was extremely boring.
i have a 32 year old son and a 4 year old granddaughter.
in these situations there was zero ambiguity about which cat he was referring to, as tommi would be right in front of us and roger would be off sleeping somewhere.
now shes gained a slight tummy on a previously completely flat stomach.
this is not a garbage tip i also left most of the ratchet straps* (ties used to strap loads onto trucks) *rolled neatly for ease of use.
styrofoam coffee cup from omaha excited to finally see pacific ocean
in the evening we started texting and i want some nudes from her.
she also told me that i should have had her permission to go and talk to the charity.
(she does that when she says she's done arguing but still wants to say a bunch of stuff without me being able to respond) &#x200b; before going to sleep, on the topic of the leftovers i essentially summed it up to her that: she could have texted me.
nation currently more sympathetic to demise of planet krypton than plight of syria
parents regret letting child name dog
aita for laughing at/contributing to dark humor jokes?
a few months ago s started talking to l who i used to be friends with, until he totally dropped off the face of the earth and wouldn't even acknowledge his old hometown friends.
it is mostly because i am short, an ugly looking dude, dark-skinned, a little overweight and out of shape, and a sarcastic smart-ass who is usually honest in how i feel about something.
sherwin-williams triumphantly reports nearly half the planet covered in paint
cancer researchers develop highly promising new pink consumer item
aita for insisting that i be allowed to meet my sister's mysterious new boyfriend?
eventually this took too much effort and not a lot of people would catch it that i just started posting blatant racism.
blagojevich claims behavior was just elaborate plan to surprise patrick fitzgerald with senate nomination on his birthday
i told her she shouldn't bring those into a relationship.
it seems that i can't express how i was hurt by his comment without him being more hurt that i'm talking about it.
he's a hard worker, and i respect him very much for the work he does.
they seemed to have a level of entitlement that i didn't appreciate.
kid honors grandpa's memory with solemn cannonball
but i still stay in great shape and am slim.
they made me look like a hypocrite.
area mom issues stern warning on road where she once got a ticket
despite it being the south the city is very open-minded and accepting.
or is my husband overreacting, and just making me feel bad?
anyways, we're at that age where we're all getting married.
his view is that this was a gift that is his now and it shouldn't matter what he does with it.
the first guy hadn't responded by the time i sold it but he got back to me and was calling me out for it, saying that i should have offered him to match the price (even though he said he couldn't afford any more than his first offer) and that he could've found more money.
we worked in shifts, generally two or three hosts working at a time and we would often split up easy tasks to get work done faster, or if it involved heavy lifting we would always work together since it was hard work.
so he goes inside and we drive off.
i'm not playing mind games to try to "win" her back.
but what i want to know is am i the asshole for driving?
aita for being annoying to my friend for spamming her too much then being upset over her response?
a bit into the flight, she starts putting her stuff on the middle seat; her bag, her laptop - just for extra storage.
one of the attractions at this place is a giant glass greenhouse pyramid, with a cultivated rainforest ecosystem inside.
sorry." i even added a sorry in there in case i came off as demanding.
she has told him to fuck off numerous times and he wont listen.
however a mod just informed me that its against the rules to correct said lies.
so now i just had to get rose to talk to her mom.
it didn't sound like a very solid plan, so i just said "oh yeah, that would be fun if we had the money.
not even a "thanks babe." just seriously nothing at all.
report: john grisham slowly but surely climbing list of greatest living american authors
i am told i am the problem child, i am a liar, manipulative, basically my whole adolescence i felt like something was wrong with me.
yeah, i’m her first, but she is an adult making her own decisions so am i really an asshole?
aita for requesting credit on my meme i recently made a meme that blew up on reddit.
he eventually replied that he was busy but never told me what he was doing.
&#x200b; the reason why i'm posting this here is because i am worried that i am a manipulator without being overtly aware of it.
aita for getting upset with my girlfriend because she doesn't want to go out when she's on her period?
she is furious and says this is not a seperate trip and she needs this, but i tell her that is how i view it.
we got slow service and what seems to be a lie to cover thier ass.
she says she has something to talk to me about, and that she knew i wasn’t going to get mad.
yes, i did it to be shitty, and yes, i did it to piss him off.
the season is coming to an end and it hurts me so much every single time she goes to play with him.
tim has eyes on her and he has kind of a crush.
so, a couple weeks later i used an alt and posted an article from ringside news (commonly referred to as rsn on r/squaredcircle.) again, they eviscerated my account just for posting an article from rsn.
when i did, her tone changed.
night of uninterrupted deep sleep really throws man's day off
my dad wishes to have an apple watch to go with his current iphone.
financial planners suggest spending one evening each week ripping apart walls, floorboards in search for cash
plus, body language can be based on assumptions." i'm standing there dumbfounded that she had been harboring that resentment over me simply saying no!
semester at sea students steal anchor for dorm room
this ended up being a huge success, and our office raised over $7,000 for the make-a-wish foundation.
area man does his best thinking on his atv
bloody, detached hand of bears' player still in julius peppers' facemask
when it's something like a meal or a small gathering for a birthday (some siblings live out of state, so who ever is in town usually goes), her "anxiety" flares up and she can't go.
single most replaceable person in company will walk if he doesn't get raise
he is contracted for 7 hours a day which means if he works over time he doesn't get paid.
passion with which child demanding balloon actually kind of inspiring
that being said, i have a very broad humor and will laugh and enjoy almost any joke.
i feel differently now and would rather go alone.
if you work in a french bakery you should be able to pronounce it.
woman in commercial doing yoga to narration of drug's fatal side effects
i was extremely excited and couldn't wait to tell my parents when they got home.
report: standing at work can increase coworkers' disdain up to 70%
i basically contacted her after the incident and she paid that much in compensation.
couple starting to feel like they just don't have any tv shows in common
i told the owner that i booked it off and her response was “you never got a confirmation saying that you’ll get it off for sure” conclusion i’ve decided to just skip my shift tonight (dec 21) because my anniversary meant more to me.
fed: 'if jobs are meant to be with us, they'll come back on their own'
i love him and he is the nicest guy i have ever met.
you simply don’t care.” he then was about to mention something about drug dealers, which i then just said that i didn’t think the comparison was appropriate at all, and that if he really was comparing me being late to an act punishable by prison time.
aita for getting mad at my friend for putting my sleeping meds in my tea without me knowing?
fbi deputy director touched by heavily redacted farewell card from bureau coworkers
in my opinion she works jobs that require no specialized skills or education and are deadend.
if it was an important event to her i would go.
nancy pelosi signals support for environmental causes by placing green new deal directly into recycling bin
bush fishing for compliments during press conference
porn actress very nearly appears to enjoy ejaculation in face
hundreds of people exactly like manafort, cohen enjoy another day without any consequences whatsoever
**agent** for security purposes, can you please provide your full billing address?
we decided to leave the dog out instead of putting him in his crate.
she has been angry about it all day.
however, i have quite a particular way of loading the dishwasher in order to make it as efficient as possible, and make everything fit.
reminding me that he’s special needs.
woman amazed she found perfect partner just when she was getting desperate enough to accept anything
trump's switzerland trip cancelled as president deemed flight risk
one of my friends said he never saw anything like before or since.
i actually got called a 'manbaby'.
however, my sister and mom and i have been looking for a house and she’s applying for a new (very great, would make double the money we make now) job as a ceo.
today on the chorus concert when i try to listen to my playlist, messages from my brother's parents keep pouring in about them complaining how their sons don't want to go to a school semi and called them lame and antisocial and discussed forcing them to go.
of course the rep will try to look for it.
we had two different shifts, one from morning until mid-day, the other was mid-day to around midnight.
he apologised and said he just must have trust issues.
i told my brother he's free to eat some.
media reminds public not to overemphasize super tuesday results or draw any sort of wide-reaching conclusions
she even loaned him her car.
occasionally i heat up food with the microwave in my room, but i always set it to have 1 extra second so the timer doesn’t go off.
paleontology class winces whenever fundamentalist kid raises hand
aita so the office where i work took us all out for lunch and a secret santa gift exchange.
so i dated a girl for a few months, it was shaping up to be a longterm thing, but things went bad.
aita for wanting my sister to change her baby's name?
i am hoping that they giving him my number so that i can give him his cash back.
i didn’t take it too seriously because he’s pretty easy-going and i didn’t connect his request to my comment.
he told me she was hurt and i should take it easy.
i kind of felt bad because he’s on a tight budget, but he owed me money and never paid it so i just decided to take it.
she asked me to save the digital files so she could build a case against him so she could keep her and her kids safe.
when we met my gf she says she wasn't ready to date so we were just hanging out.
aita for cutting traffic on the shoulder to get gas?
so far as i know i'm the only one she had asked.
the day before our trip, i got a message from ex saying *"we'll pick you and lis* (my sister) *up at 6:30 tomorrow."* i didn't remember planning anything with her that day, so i texted her what that was about.
my ex-husband have not discussed yet what we would like for m, but my ex husband does have two kids with his new wife.
we saw and approached two attractive women in their late 20's, one it turns out was an actress on a tv show (not famous, but whatever) and the other her artist friend visiting from spain.
'right to live life in complete, stunned horror,' added to constitution
i responded by stating that she has mentioned multiple times that she loved christmas because she never got to celebrate it.
we have a 3 month old who is the only grand child on my side of the family, and the only one in the state on hers, so we have a lot of family looking to come and visit frequently.
she changed her mind because even though she still doesn't want to go, she is only going to make her parents happy and that it would just be easier to go and avoid them being asses about it later.
scientists successfully create artificial placenta that tastes just as delicious as real one
however i’m quite conflicted about possibly ruining a girls career and impersonating a customer to do so but i don’t really know what else can be done to get managements full attention.
but i feel like they think i was single handedly responsible for ruining her birthday.
grandfather's advice pretty bad for someone who's lived that long
he broke up with a woman (jia) that i'm rather attracted to last week.
as far as i knew, he didn't.
i've been trying my luck playing mortal kombat competitively recently, and i've been having a hard time adjusting.
management determined to find out who in company leaked information that ceo is asshole
i have a shower, get dressed, and start packing.
leonardo dicaprio kisses bear before going up to receive oscar
aita for moving on after being an abuser i have had 3 serious girlfriends, now 4.
it seems like it's a very family oriented place and i feel out of place at least.
we all buy tickets at the same time and the concert is in 5 months.
&#x200b; i live in italy if anyone wants to give legal advice.
fumbling, inarticulate obituary writer somehow losing debate to christopher hitchens
though at first, but after a while we got used to the idea of living a double income no kids relationship, and we are focusing on work and each other, every 3 months enjoying at least 2 weeks or more of exotic hollidays.
my husband is amazing father and is willing to sacrifice just about any material good so i can be a sahm.
'you've got them right where you want them, mikey,' michael cohen mutters to self after pleading guilty again
but he said it was ok and not to worry.
i then said smash, which he revealed that she was underage (11 years old, clothed but looked 18-20).
archangels already sick of cardinal o'connor telling them how they do it in new york
conor and i weren’t close, barely more than acquaintances.
school bully not so tough since being molested
she does the exact same things back to me and we've never had any issues insulting each other.
i told her that i was just trying to lighten the situation and she snapped and told me that was the wrong way to do it and that i was an asshole.
so, we take off and just reach cruising altitude when the flight crew announces like always to remain seated until the seatbelt light goes off.
new report finds amazon may be listening to you through hardcover copies of michelle obama's 'becoming'
sean hannity informs building tenants about deep-state conspiracy forcing him to triple rent
he also says that people getting on the highway will freak out cuz of how fast i'm going.
educated bigot that much more terrifying
sorry for the long post and maybe bad formatting.
background info: i'm in my first year of uni and haven't been back home to see my mum since the start of the semester (but will be going back next week and we have weekly video calls.
iss astronaut sick of sharing confined space with crass, disgusting partner from polaris 8
i was having trouble with both waking and sleeping due to minor jetlag (i had flown in from the us the day before) and so hadn’t managed to eat all day.
housefly drops everything to go stand on watermelon slice
my sister asked for a piece, but i told her no.
she asked me if i would not order our usual because it makes her sad that she can't eat it, but i'm a picky eater so i ordered it anyway because i don't really like trying new things, especially sushi which can be hit or miss.
it is kind of shitty for me because she already works full time and then goes to study for hours and hours and we never really get to spend any time together even though i am at home by myself all day.
collection agency holding nation as collateral until trump pays off business debts
quaaludes are back, reports quaalude-taking journalist
\- turkey is a volatile country and not safe to visit, especially for a woman.
i told her that was fine, and that we could just be friends.
i also thought that i would be giving them the best price considering the fact that i tried to buy the cheapest appliances i could find in bed bath and beyond, and i would be selling it to them at a discount.
also before summer, whenever we were hanging out in a group that had her in it, i would get suspicious vibes even though nothing happened back then.
luckily, emma sent another notification later that same day.
i am so torn, because i feel like this is my soulmate.
she got into a spooning position with my arms around her.
and my younger sister just says she trusts our parents and she thinks i am a joke as well.
there was no problem that day.
i almost cried when i first read details about this, and still almost choked up thinking about it.
desperate barnes & noble to give unlimited free tablets to anyone who walks in store
dole reveals one cantaloupe out there contains $10 million check
we friends tell me i should treat her better and i don’t know how lucky i am...
however, out of respect for me, she did stop hanging out with him.
i knew there was a shit tonne of snow outside, i bundled my daughter up to walk to school with my sister and her kids.
the other night she was introducing me to some new friends.
standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician
however, the laptop did cost $1200.
he also is just really freaking creepy - he’s got a “rape stare” type look and he has what i believe is a swastika tattoo on his neck.
biden hands out loose gt cola can to unexpected trick-or-treater
anyway, so i guess i wanted to give him some of his own medicine.
i was super excited to show my coaches and captain how insanely well i was on form that day...
she’s mad at me now and has been for awhile.
area new york times 98 percent unread
marvel reimagines green goblin as left-handed
(my wife) is distracted and upset by this, so hopefully we can find resolve.
(fwiw, i could see into the garage, and there was nothing special about it.
i apreciate all of you giving your input regarding my situation.
june mademoiselle to feature ten ways to flatten your tummy
i then accused her of only sleeping with me again so soon because she wanted to get pregnant to tie me to her.
i never really got over nick, we broke up because he moved about three hours away and the relationship became really difficult to maintain.
she has had a past relationship that lasted about 8 months with a guy who forced her to do sexual things she didn't want to do, like showing her breasts, etc.
man unsure how fellow diners got impression appetizer was ordered for table
red carpet organizers regret only renting one porta potty
it's a silent understanding by everyone in the choir that this is the way she is and someone (the director) should've placed her somewhere better.
there no way tv character could actually afford big 'new york city' coffee mug
i stopped stalking her snapchats and such and focused more on myself.
&#x200b; my mom woke up to an extremely long text saying that i was being so incredibly rude.
i told him i was bummed out because i was looking forward to spending at least a few hours with him tomorrow, and he told me that he only found out about the game this morning.
so i just want to know...
so wife and i talked and decided it was no longer worth our time to try and help her.
l and my friend who i'll call c started playing and hanging out more often.
[----] i'm putting this part at the end cause it's less related.
i feel kind of bad since it was him asking and i guess i could have called my friend back.
its like someone else has my heart chained up, and theres no way for me to get it back.
she said that all she wanted was to pick me up quickly and go home.
however, after spending a few days at my parents' house just after christmas 2017, my wife was talking to my dad and brother in law (who she's also not super keen on) about something trivial, and their attitude in disagreeing with her made her snap.
we said goodbye, she gave me a kiss on the cheek, and i gave her a limp air hug, and sort of went away.
global-warming crisis makes for delightful mid-february afternoon
cory booker, kamala harris, elizabeth warren assure dreamers they'll never stop fighting for the 2020 nomination
chicago out of names for subdivisions
yeah, you can guess where this is going.
she was a very kind person; during our time together, she had consistently lent me her support and friendship during difficult times, even though i never quite returned the favour.
this has just been eating me up inside.
i was venting about this in the group chat when me: 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 some of my friends just convinced me that she’s right when she says i should get over her, and we just agreed not to text for a while, and i am pure cry them: that really sucks but it probably is for the best ): hopefully things get better soon me: i know it is for the best.
new energy secretary guesses he ought to read up on energy
i basically called him out for the biased selection and used a bunch of derogatory words "incompetent, favortist, disrespectful, undeserving, etc." i leave.
i want to respect my boyfriend and his feelings, but i dont want to resent him and give up an important part of my sexuality.
manager slits own throat after realizing some members of company not on same page
so when i began to tell my parents about being friends with her again, my stepdad replied “oh that asshole?” so i hung up the phone.
is your privacy being violated? an exclusive hidden-camera investigation
i throw the dice annoyedly on the board and we all decide it's a good place to stop.
my rationale for not showing as much attention is because last year when we dated, we didn't live together and would not see each other until 8 pm or so anyways.
aita for being absolutely opposed to this?
&#x200b; my parents have heard me talk about three different boyfriends already, and they've expressed disapproval that i've dated "so many people." i know my parents love me and want the best for me, but i feel uncomfortable talking about personal things, like my love life, with them, especially when they always seem to make these sorts of passive-aggressive comments.
it was a pretty fancy schmancy restaurant, which she doesn't cope well with anyway - she gets loud, makes stupid jokes and does her nervous hysterical cackle at the drop of a hat.
first i was saying no you're the guest you don't have to bring anything.
it is expensive and i will not use it so i logged in and cancelled the order.
me: hey, i think we should get some weed.
personally, i went to law school with him and would consider myself good friends with him.
mostly comments about violence towards himself and others that made me really on edge.
i was in her room and she was showing me the instagram page of the guy she liked.
im asking if this makes me an asshole.
i just hate that it was at an inconvenient time for him and could mar his already shit relationship with our parents.
freeloading refugee children taking up thousands of prison cells meant for real americans
once i left the hospital, i called this girl and told her things were over.
our relationship was kinda finished here, as far as i was concerned.
yesterday i was scheduled for 11-7 but it wasn't too busy and it was just her and i that day working.
i recently was able to get her on my benefits, and so this is a possibility.
local man vows revenge against atlantic ocean
i'm 16, every year for christmas my cousins from out of town come stay at our house for the week.
person sitting in parked car at 2:00 a.m. probably upstanding member of community
and said, out-loud, to the whole family: *"my son doesn't need help from anyone with his grades.
her car was 15 years old so it was totaled out for about $1900.
said he would see pikachu, think he was in call of duty, was scared the fbi was after him, etc.
tl;dr i, along with all of my other friends, stopped talking to my shy, introverted friend and now i'm worried she's sad and lonely.
we went out on a few tinder-dates.
aita for labeling a happy hour as “invite only” and “secret” using my work email?
i don’t really like being around people ever.
she said when she was born, they assigned her the male gender, but since age 11 she had taken (hormones?) and had surgeries, and now she is the correct gender.
aita for evicting my tenant for complaining about noise?
long story short, they had to cut off area guy's arm
frugal star wars fan camping out in front of 99-cent theater
i want to see this jackass fired, lose any chances of obtaining his phd and his reputation down the toilet.
aita for being slightly annoyed when my boyfriend gets me flowers?
ironically, the people who think i am reading too much into the texts are reading too much into my post.
maid dreams children will one day be maids in wealthier households
in my head i find planes to be so dangerous even though i know they are not.
he’s told him to fuck off cuz he’s been having a wank and has been trying to intimidate him.
at first i slept through, but after some days i kept on feeling the vibrations of her phone and started wondering.
on closer inspection of this girl's social media accounts, who i have been talking to on tinder and (in hindsight accidentally) organised a date with tomorrow night; i have discovered she has a lazy eye.
i was still (parttly) in denial to myself about my feelings for this girl but knew i couldn’t be with my boyfriend any more, so i told him i wasn’t happy in the relationship any more.
world wildlife fund now just trying to get few nice photos of every species for posterity
secluded cabin in woods filled with big plans for america
i did feel a little bad because there wasn’t anymore pizza, but there were other microwaveable meals and some leftovers and i didn’t want to give up 1/4 of my lunch.
for one thing, i had never had gone on such a trip with friends and for another thing it's from what i hear something people in my fraternity won't forget.
i was in shock, like, i relentlessly convinced myself that all of my pain and suffering was due to an infection or my bad habits and the realization and the probability of me having cancer depressed me and put me on a really strange situation with me and with mostly everyone around me.
she says i cheated even though i explained to her that i haven’t actually done anything with anna.
he sprints off and doesn't return.
no one in family sure who trip to arboretum is geared toward
reverend al sharpton takes time off from holy duties to make tv appearance
the odd time, however, he'll try and 'care' in the most inconvenient ways when i don't want him to...
james comey quickly reopens clinton email investigation for few more minutes
'true detective' fan develops elaborate theory he will be let down by season finale
it was hard enough coming to terms with her being bi and this is just another concern.
*it is worth noting my mom has terrible mental health and tends to use religion as a crutch for her anxiety* halfway through church my family left me to bring up the gifts.
so last night everyone got really drunk and i needed to pee and the other bathroom was occupied.
man ashamed of himself after cashier reads food order back to him
we were talking about stupid things we can personally say, and i added to the conversation that i say inappropriate things at inappropriate times.
i had the opportunity to introduce myself to her the other day when one of my chinese friends asked me to get him a drink from a vending machine.
i am not a pussy, so i start talking back and my boys had my back.
&#x200b; so for context: we are with a few friends in my apartment.
i vent to her my feelings of regret, and eventually have a talk with ex too to get it all off my chest.
i have an art degree, and he is working towards a neuroscience degree if that gives any insight into our personalities.
closed shop in gentrifying neighborhood to emerge from chrysalis as beautiful gastropub
aita for faking my orgasms and letting my wife think i am trying to get her pregnant?
i only saw f maybe once a week and was trying to get myself ready to break up and was building a distance to make it a little less shocking and maybe easier on myself.
she was the one to ask me if i was okay, to go to my doctor appointments with me, to know what meds i was on, to know what diseases i had, and to just...
vatican unveils new rosary for windows
aita for not giving my roommate my half of the electricity bill?
he was heartbroken and sad and cried over this, though i remained angry that i was confronted.
we have an open relationship, and both see other people as well.
father excitedly tells 10-year-old son about new video game system
woman panics after accidentally getting into exact-change lane
fast forward to yesterday at the bar for trivia night with the friend, me, and some other buddies: in between the trivia rounds we conversate, as folks do, and somehow reddit came up in the conversation and i told the story to everyone how i found my friends reddit account.
aita for making too much noise?
a few days ago i had to travel to a conference for work.
i wouldn't have such a problem with this if all she wanted to do was hang out in the living room, but m spends her time standing around in the kitchen and "helping".
she got mad and accused me of abandoning her on christmas and acting like a child.
this is annoying, but i for the most part bite my tongue.
&#x200b; this past october she messages me and wants to talk and catch up, we text for a few days and she says she'll be in the city on the weekend as she lives with her parents out in the suburbs and asked if i wanted to meet up.
talkative motherfucker not so extroverted now that friend got off train
aita for lying to my ex-husband about where our kids wanted to go for christmas, because i didn't want them spending a week with his mistress (now wife)?
so i suggest we deal with that as it happens.
hillary launches campaign to raise $100 million or else she'll run for president
to be clear, i have problem with giving people money if they truly need it, but since i in the station every day, i have noticed some suspect pan-handlers who i think are exploiting people's goodwill.
i explain, and she claims that i’m being a manipulative bully.
i was interested, of course, but i don't like talking, and her complaining about me not talking just got really annoying and naggy tbh.
(while i think that would be what's best, it's ultimately her decision.) meanwhile, she's taken this to mean that i'm strong-arming her into finding a new job, and so she's started putting out feelers while also acting incredibly pissed off toward me (snapping at me occasionally, sleeping in the guest bedroom) for the last several days.
mother annoyed son playing video games on beautiful day when he could go outside to kill people
i told a lot of friends about these dark ideas, but they would never really keep a long conversation i felt i needed.
they ordered the bus to remain where it was in case they needed to interview witnessed or have his luggage pulled off for inspection.
well, no, she just ignored our presence while we hopped on.
town hall audience gives amy klobuchar standing ovation as she lifts chris cuomo up by throat
ann landers' advice arrives 11 weeks too late
i do feel kinda guilty with the schedule with the balance of overtime given before too.
i think communication over the phone is not genuine and people take texting way too seriously.
but he switched to a fast track school and became an instructor before us.
eventually, she had enough and we finally broke up.
it just so happened that my japanese university would be pretty close to her family's house (though not her university, which is in ōsaka), so we decided to meet again after her return to japan, as she had decided to stay at her parents' for a few days.
dad holds best buy salesman's feet to fire with question about hdtv compatibility
jennifer lopez comes out with own clothesline line
not knowing much about him at the time, i was polite and i told him how great it was for him to firmly believe in his dreams.
we can’t go on drive any longer than 2 hours without her needing to stop.
only little help is needed and my two siblings and grandmother are already sitting at the table, and there is still quite a while before lunch is served.
since then, every time she has her facebook open in front of me and she sees a post from this girl she feels the need to point her out as "the hot girl," and saying if i friended her she would kill me.
tl;dr best friend broke up friendship for something i said about some ex friends of ours, after also saying things but then making up with them without telling me.
they are completely lovey dovey online.
we were both drunk and high.
dad: "you heard about the bot that landed on mars?" "yeah, do you know what's its mission there?" "yeah" "could you tell me what your news sources told you?" "i don't want to tell you" "...how come?" "...do *you* know what's the mission?" "this is one of my fields of study, of course, can you tell me what did the news source tell you?" "no you tell me first, you keep trying to verify where i got my information from.
i think if he wants to wear the hat he should join the scouts.
fender releases new hybrid gas-electric guitar
romney promises any pennsylvanian who votes for him can have ann romney for one hour
did she try to contact me?
dad shares photo album through never-before-seen website
however, we live in a very progressive suburb, and the school administration had been getting complaints about inequity.
there were 2 main issues with that.
the manager comes around and right off the bat has a face that tells me that he doesn’t plan to budge on anything.
he refuses to remove his button-up shirt on this uber ride when i want him to because i have to give him his sweater, and i would like to see, anyway.
fisher-price releases new in utero fetal activity gym
nevertheless, he seemed pretty hurt and i don't know what will happen from here.
what do you expect.), and didn't want to ruin their chances.
mike pence struggling to reckon with vision of prophet muhammad revealing that vp destined to become next president
i feel that’s naive of anyone to do but maybe i am wrong.
within this time, she started to hang out with this frat.
i felt like i needed to cover for my brother, so i teased her about how loud she had been while they were having sex that night and had begged him not to pull out.
for my birthday, my brother bought me tickets to see britney spears in las vegas, and paid for my portion of a hotel room (i was going with 3 friends).
i set out today to break up, i paid for dinner and on the way to his place i was going to, but i couldn't.
report: now sadly the best time in american history to be black
we both had a good laugh and i suggested posting it on reddit for karma.
i saw him posting on some depression support type groups, which is actually what prompted me to make this post.
band dreams of one day becoming popular enough to alienate early fans
aita for telling my depressive brother to stfu and kys after a breakup?
i feel as if i buy him these things this will encourage his “nerdy” behavior.
she offered him drinks and asked him to join us.
man can't decide whether to give sandwich to homeless or ducks
a and b turn away and c and e group up on me saying that i'm rude and nosy and shouldn't be saying those things.
overweight woman encased in geo metro
anthony weiner sends apology sext to entire clinton campaign
psychopath joins fourth straight republican administration
clinton promises to enact agenda whether or not she elected
coast guard going to let stranded yacht owner sweat it out little more
then, i find out that cameron also has a crush on me.
she basically treats instagram like her job, in fact she checks her google calendar every day it's so formalized it will say things like "8 am, post pic from peak shoot, say "inspiration is every where you just have to see it" and then "9 am, follow up with boutinela about plane ticket" and "1pm, take selfie at starbucks...say "can't make it through the day without a hit of the good stuff!
i'm unemployed and i can't find a job, but i am starting work at disney at the end of january.
now, i’m not ignorant to the fact that jokes get old, and sometimes they can be taken too far, or said harshly.
trump boys raid sister's closet for sexy clothes they can use to seduce and blackmail robert mueller
romney enchants nation with lovely concession song
&#x200b; i already know that i am an asshole in this situation.
(we didnt, but i was worried we had.
cousin is an irresponsible owner, she doesn’t pay me.
u.s. soldiers to be equipped with powerful mandibles
man wearing low-cut swimsuit as though public pool a sun-kissed sardinian cove
he pretty much wandered all over the trailer park.
gender of person in ronald mcdonald costume unclear
aita for not picking my gf up from the airport?
frustrated nsa now forced to rely on mass surveillance programs that haven't come to light yet
director going with unknown for third marriage
peta complains as revised sat tested on chimpanzees
to summarize, it is set in the louisiana are around ~1985, where there are zombies and you are trying to send a big bad monster back to hell.
my grandma is in pretty good health for her age so i tried to tell them to just reschedule it for the next day if it meant that much to them because tuesday is the only day our friends who joins us can come play as well.
aita for getting annoyed at my parents for going into my bedroom?
this all started when we kissed.
am i an arsehole to bring this up again and say it's not okay?
when i asked said friend **w** if he gave it away he said he did but i later found out that he (**w)** sold it to **m!** when i confronted **w** about it he blew me off and told me i was being ridiculous.
study: no two people have listened to same band since 2003
wibta if we meet again in the future and call him out straight away when he's doing the same thing again instead of telling his dad for a second time?
pet turtle going hog wild on terrarium's new stick
real-life family feud offers no fabulous cash prizes
he then sets the chair down and sits in it.
he was borderline abusive, saying that i was a coward, that both his ex and i had betrayed his trust, been emotionally abusive and lost my respect.
furiously barking dog spends another day trying to warn nation about child trapped in cage
tim recently joined our group and has a very loud voice, and my boyfriend has sensitive ears.
aita for yelling at my sons?
brief ceremony marks delivery boy's passage into delivery manhood
new bill would limit abortion to cases where procedure necessary to save promising political career
this car lines up directly in front of me as if they plan on cutting me off as well.
subway employee still unnerved by high-pitched screech sandwiches make when cut in half
she agrees with me until i bring up the thing about our washington dc trip, because i had also pointed out in the group chat that d has large nipple, and he said he was really hurt by that.
all i wanted was to make a light joke and voice my annoyance about how my classmate could simply skip school by saying she had period pains but i guess nobody else thought it was as funny as i did.
st. jude swears off ever answering another personals ad
so she says she wants to help, but her actions don't really match that.
no way any health problem hurts that badly someone can't go a couple days without medication.
heston: 'we must arm ourselves if we are to defeat the apes'
halloween decorations blending in nicely with christmas lights
i believed that her sister would be maid of honor, since they’re pretty close.
this other friend of her's has some terrible tattoo choices that i cannot comprehend, such as a pirate hello kitty on his ass because he lost a bet, along with some other low quality artwork.
increased negative campaigning reveals previously hidden ugly side of politics
my now ex and i had been together for 8 months.
and here's where the current situation comes in: he eventually stopped asking me for my opinion and found a guy to move in, but i don't like him at all.
i married my current husband seven years ago.
god scores another free balloon some dumb kid let go of
she would have preferred that i had stated how i was feeling calmly, even if the way that i felt wasn't right to begin with.
so, will i be the asshole if i turn the air off at night (only on warmer nights) without my roommates knowledge?
u.s. adds 4 million jobs but in st. louis
you don't wait for a stop sign in the middle of the desert either, and if you do, i honestly feel sorry for you because that's just obediently pathetic.
it also looked like it was in bad shape, hadn't eaten in a while and fur was mangy.
area man, woman each have thorough list of why they should break up on standby
some of us got here thursday, everyone else friday.
but he has not been looking for a replacement.
atm flees to mexico with $50,000
aita for calling out my principal?
given i was looking at my study guide on my phone which is against the rules am i the asshole for thinking that since i'm paying for the class and it's my education it should really be none of that students business?
as i was leaving a clients office he was there, imo to ambush me, and started giving me an elevator pitch as i walked to my car.
we both have anger issues and i smoke more weed than i would like.
my friends said that we are adults and should be capable of spending time apart from each other once in a while.
to everyone calling me an asshole, don't worry, i 100% feel like one even as i wrote the original post.
i got back to them to clarify things.
man thinks receptionist is hitting on him
libertarian candidate worried after latest poll shows him 98 points behind
however, when i attempted to move out with friends/roommates, they bailed cause they didn't want the payments.
i never brought it up again.
i’ve been dating her for 8 years and although we have some trust i feel she is using this “you are insecure card” to walk over me and do what she wants.
loan officer from future warns: 'stop mortgaging your home at only 1.65% of the prime rate!'
pope breaks ice at clergy abuse summit by having everyone go around and say how many kids they molested
i feel that our bed room is private and if she needs help with the physio it needs to be either done on the bed down stairs or on the couch.
verb to follow noun; prepositional phrase to follow
report: advertisers threatening to pull money now the only remaining way to effect any change
her mother and i sat on her and held her arms (her mother tried first and then i did).
eight million americans rescued from poverty with redefinition of term
divorced man sadly removes ex-wife's admin privileges from home security system
we would rent out a vacation home, play silly college kid games and just have a good time before a couple of us moved out of town to pursue grad school.
bhutanese man can't believe pharmacy already stocking stuff for lhabab duchen
youtuber wastes 2 whole minutes explaining how to prep a deck for sealant as if viewer total moron
area woman recalls days when she resented being hit on
we’re kind of pissed off now, because one of our best friends for the past 7 years is hardly a friend anymore, and we’re pretty sure it’s indirectly wilma's fault.
i understand his reasoning since we’re all tight on money.
woman thinks she would make a great talk-show host
no grades can be earned from it, only a certificate proving that "yay, you can now speak one more language".
after realizing that i couldn't use anything to dry my soaked hands with i said "aaaah fuck" and tried to figure out a solution.
i immediately stopped milo, but the man just swung the bag in his hand at milo.
dad's number-one fan also number-one tax break
i say borderline because i get a lot of hours, and in all honesty, i could be assistant manager if i wanted(i choose not to, because i want to leave this place already).
detroit tourism board's 'hidden detroit' campaign results in 24 deaths
she hates when i call her a prostitute, but that's what she is.
she has asthma and contracted bronchitis sometime in the middle of december.
my mom works with me for a newspaper, so she asked me today if i wanted to see her for thanksgiving.
only two segways in town collide
with all this going on he started smoking again, which is completely fine because many people smoke and it's whatever.
he told me he didnt want to throw away what we have, cause what we have works and that hes happy but that he just needed to tell me what was on his mind.
a couple of hours ago, stan lee died and news got around.
we decide since he has a couple properties to just let him play as a "ghost", rolling for him, he buys any properties he lands on that he can, and making only legit fair trades we all approve of.
she is making the claim that it is her body, and that it is her decision.
impersonal trainer couldn't give a fuck what you do with those free weights
aita for pushing my sister down the stairs?
my friend sent me a picture of a girl and said smash or pass?
i hadn’t gone to church with them since christmas so i agreed to go today.
i also had planed a sleepover with a bunch of friends for the weekends as our own little party, when i told my family they freaked out and said that i should see my family as they are never here while i can see my friends whenever.
a was a part of a larger friend group who i hung out with almost every day, but once middle school rolled around, our group was put in jeopardy.
india holds 5k stampede for charity
we have a 2 year old daughter whos become quite the handful in the past year.
that’s the first time that ever happened, and i know that there is no way in hell someone in the us of a would say that to me.
not much later (about 5 months ago) she (accidentally) let out that she recently met a guy and started working to a relationship.
"i am equal to any man," says stern woman who likely does not menstruate
and honestly hanging out with them bores me...
exxon donates $70 million to clean up portland man's life
i, trying to bring back the light tone, say "a little less error everyday." then they respond " if you say so." completely seriously.
flu vaccine recalled due to defective government tracking microchips
oscars gift bag includes 3 ipads streaming telecast in attempt to shore up viewership numbers
new downloadable content for 'assassin's creed syndicate' factored into monthly living expenses
i'm the only one who works, and bring in about $50,000 a year.
wibta if i asked someone to a dance after telling someone else i wasnt going at all when asked out i'm just going to dump the text convo here, the question is just the title.
we packed up her stuff while she was at school and moved it to her nans.
it was tantamount to self-sabotage, but i was more amused than angry.
court rules meryl streep unable to be tried by jury as she has no peers
at this point it is important to note two things.
my girlfriend and i have been together in a monogamous relationship for 3 years.
(serious) a few years back i got stuck behind a kid on crutches on the way to class (hall was crowded and narrow, couldn’t go around) i typically wouldn’t have said anything, but this was a kid who i’d known for many years, and we mutually disliked each other very much.
&#x200b; so after my friends cleaned everything(we cant praise them enough) for me me and my friends sit there waiting for jeffs mom to come.
1 end slice, 20 regular slices, and another end slice.
i have also, tried to get her to stop wearing jewelry entirely, explaining that strongly dislike jewelry and really prefer girls are as natural as possible - stating that jewelry only negatively impact looks for me.
i can stay behind if you want to, i dont want you to get into trouble or being harassed." she gets louder and the softcore version of what she said is that i should not treat her like a little girl who can't protect herself.
endangered species list edited to fit poster
we had already had (what i thought was fulfilling and awesome sex where he came thrice) sex and, yet he needed to come home and jerk off?
6-year-old boy thinks he might be too old to be in women's locker room
jeff bezos assures amazon employees that hr working 100 hours a week to address their complaints
new report finds link between each passing day, jeanette getting more beautiful
i accepted her invite to follow her instagram, but i use it sparingly.
got into a useless fight with ldr gf (blames me for making my internet dc on webcam...) ignores me for hours for no reason and expects me to be fine until she picked up my call hours later later in the night via, got horny, found a picture of a pornstar online via twitter, reversed it for scientific purposes..
empire state building ultimately supports nsa spying measures
aita for calling out a girl about her fake depression?
i feel badly so i go back to the store and buy a replacement box as consolation.
it is about a 3.5 hour drive to the main office building, so my wife, our 2 kids, and i all planned to stay at a relatives house during this time.
last time, the manger told us we had hit our limit but we informed him that the agreement is “all you can eat.” i was on my 9th plate when he came up to me, we had probably been there for about three hours.
we continued to argue for a while, saying how this isn't acceptable behavior etc.
however now he isn’t replying to my texts and all of my friends that did go to his party aren’t replying to my texts either.
maybe not enough, and maybe i sent the wrong signals by agreeing to be exclusive.
later on, j and a are in houseparty (a group facetime app) and i decide to pop in, as we do.
part of the complicated history with kermit was that he left me for someone else but that didn't work out.
i mean, she weighs 250 pounds at least (she’s only 5 6, she’s considered obese) and whenever i’m with her she eats everything and drinks a bunch of soda.
winning lottery numbers so obvious in hindsight
i feel awful but i can't do it now.
funeral attendees getting misty-eyed during first dance with corpse
i moved specifically because she said i could live with her.
me: i apologize, i truly did not mean any disrespect.
wrinkle-free pants didn't think they'd be tested quite this much
at dinner, i brought all my concerns to her about how i am basically unhappy with her appearance right now, as well as providing motivation for her exercise and eating healthier.
i ask around more until it all stops at this girl.
mother of slaying victim glad it was onion reporter who knocked on her door half an hour after funeral
poll workers overhear biden repeating phrase 'banged her' while reading names on ballot
i had to leave early anyways, so i'd be their getaway.
so i talked to her and it ended with both of us seeming to be okay.
i then took down the art and removed the information to their page because i didn't want to deal with "tumblr nonsense".
trump vows to leave a better afghanistan for nation's grandchildren to fight in
**the response** l, bless their heart, ruined everything and has made these past two weeks hell for me.
nation's bicyclists remove helmets for head injury month
(this disclaimer has been edited to be stronger after comments.) i'd put a tl;dr if i knew wtf happened, but i don't, so here's a long ass list of everything that might have happened.
hospital guest has creepy feeling someone might have died in her room
i was so nervous, shy, and it became more awkward each day to meet them;i had multiple opportunities to greet them, but failed each time.
report: new iphone will no longer secretly record every word you say
am i the asshole for telling my second friend about first friend’s idea?
i advised my wife not to give her the money ***at this time*** because of our need for a vehicle.
aita when all my friends are okay with these jokes and so are the people they are in a relationship with.
i'm also going to politely ask that, if she finds this off of twitter, please don't smother me in my sleep for being such a dick edit3: no, twitter, i don't buy her flowers, thanks for rubbing it in.
i have begged him to quit telling me, it's not a big deal when im upset but he refuses because he thinks he is in a superior position, more able to judge what a big deal is than i am.
dad gets dolled up for trip to lowe's
tv viewer relates to totally unbelievable character that could never exist in reality
stolen tour bus leads police on chase of historic downtown philadelphia
she’d cheat a lot and many other things but because she showed him love for a bit he would love her forever.
so basically, i know this confession page on facebook (yes i use facebook) that's pretty popular in my country, the point of this page is for people to make friends and write stories together (kinda like roleplaying but you can say it's more complicated).
parents trying to gauge if son complete idiot before deciding whether to move to better school district
disgruntled bandmates worried rivers cuomo's wife becoming the fifth weezer
aita for being upset about this interaction with my neighbor?
the thing is, the housing authority here audited my grandmother's income *very* infrequently, on the order of years, because she joined the program decades ago and her paperwork is very old, so for a decent time now i've been paying a monthly rent of $50 with an income that could afford that rent 20 times over.
he said he doesn't want to buy anything at all anymore.
like i said before, she had jeans, layered tops, and a hoodie.
chicago st. patrick's day parade finally lifts ban on snakes
which i agree with, but when an animal makes a mess, regardless of who's fault it is, you clean it up so that the smell and the mess is gone.
condoms in relationships just don't really happen here at all.
with that in mind we decided to go to the game anyways, on the understanding it was just as friends.
she took her bag and slammed that on the table too.
the only issue with that is that i work until 8pm, my time.
for context, everyone in the group has jobs and makes money.
word spread between the family and they started to say my mother staged everything.
target range under fire from community members
i am also very angry at myself because i was drunk and misinformed and wouldn't do it in other circumstances.
ira glass tries to explain 'this american life' at high school reunion
new 10-10-911 saves emergency victims up to 30 percent
i was recently enrolled in a history class that was necessary to achieve my associates degree.
had one item in a dryer, set for 75 minutes.
one thing i have to do is defend my girlfriend.
my mum lectured me the other day about how it’s not fair for me to let the older ones eat stuff she can’t, she thinks i’m being mean and am gonna cause problems for my child in the future.
it was early saturday morning so traffic wasn't bad at any part of our hour drive.
pope francis rides into st. peter's square on giant glowing lamb for easter mass
this leads to what happened today, right before class i check the calendar outside next to the door and see that we have another quiz coming up this friday that i have to study for.
her: so everyone in the car voted and we’e going to wendy’s.
so me being kind of impulsive post something on my story calling her out for deleting me after debating with me.
this campus has rooms set up like this: all three of us (normally four but there isn’t enough asd girls in our program) share a long hallway.
tim kaine clearly ate rocket pop during pence's rebuttal
i have a very hard time not fantasising about coworkers and i’m easily agitated lately.
i do not resent him for this.
this semester i took an upper level engineering class where 2/3 of the grade is based on 5 group homework assignments.
bouncer moved to tears by tale of friends already in club
the last time the actual landlord was here, she was worrying that there weren't enough cats on the property to control the rat problem.
powerful 'his and hers' towel lobby stalls gay marriage legislation
but it has been a little over a year now and she is doing the same thing.
catchphrase from 'the love guru' overheard
backstory: a couple months back i was lurking on my local communities' subreddit and was commenting on a post of someone who got a job and would be moving to the area and wanted to low down on apartments/housing/etc.
hillary clinton issues single-word victory speech following super tuesday results
my girlfriend anna and i have been together for about a year and a half and friends for about three years now.
&#x200b; once i realized this, i immediately thought that i am the asshole.
“ her labia was staring right at me” “ what is a labia” i asked him.
report: music industry made $18 in 2009
the noodle gimp is in no way involved in the situation with ttt, i don't think they've ever met and i don't think she knows about it.
he googled a bunch of different projects you could make with it and kept poking me to show me.
i said goodbye to her but she just walked away which i thought was a bit rude.
shower head snarls like vicious jungle cat before turning on
man tinkering with anecdote set list before next date
can't really get along with the mother and feel like i will be left without attention.
apparently i, my dad, and my brother might all go see deadpool 2 in theaters.
then we go off into science and history and other cool topics.
i only met hops once or twice and even she told me she was leaving him the next week.
she's back now, and things are pretty calm, but i still think about that argument.
scotland yard frees 163-year-old british man after dna evidence clears him of being jack the ripper
archaeologists discover ancient femur that could make mouthwatering broth
firewood, bread top new russian agenda
doctors assure recovering patient he has many more years of looking at phone ahead of him
takes interest in my hobbies and is supportive of what i do.
hollywood's biggest stars endure long lines at oscars security screening
she answered back telling me to shut up and that i was an annoying piece of shit and if i kept talking she would kick me out of the house...
decision to circle parking lot produces carbon emission that finally does it
police pleasantly surprised to learn man they shot was armed
husband chooses car based on lowest passenger-side impact rating
my mother made a smart ass remark at my brothers’ expense.
2020 presidential candidate pete buttigieg announces bold plan for 2,500-mile intercontinental riverwalk
i found her extremely attractive, about a 8/10 to me.
so now onto the girl i work with.
she's anxious af and makes everyone else around her jumpy with her annoying behaviour.
religious scholars discover jesus christ delivered by dr. sidney adler
i think it’s important to communicate in a relationship and usually we say our goodbyes when we hang up.
and the people in the aisle right by my seat (from further back) can't really back up well because of the crowd behind them.
if i go into less reasonable reasons, it could be some weird power move or some bull hierarchical subconscious thing, where he wouldn’t feel like a man if is son were at the head of the table.
aita for wanting a financial abortion?
my father works as a government bureaucrat and he’s waiting for his promotion so my parents can move out of this shitshow but unfortunately due national politics and election his promotion has been delayed by 6 months.
i moved here to china a just two months before and wanted to travel, but my girlfriend was always busy with school and applying to universities.
aita for how i broke up with my boyfriend?
he’s changed and been so toxic since he’s been with this girl, she want as far as trying to uninvite my girlfriend from their wedding.
reason being, i'm the one with the most flexible schedule and semi competent enough to do a bit of everything at work.
i'm very lucky and was born into quite a wealthy family and now work part time for the family business - earning around 65k per annum.
drunk guy knows all the lyrics to this song
romney requiring potential running mates to write 5,000 word essay on favorite things about money
trump asks entire senate to clear out of chamber so he can speak to comey alone
we were friends for a while before we started officially dating and we even helped eachother through past relationships.
i want to support my wife and i can see her pain, but i can't find myself able to completely side with her while she essentially condemns a man i have viewed as an excellent, loving father, despite his faults.
white house convenes panel of scientists to make case that trump capable of crushing train with bare hands
that is not the consensus of experts.
i am fairly rich and i have some eccentric behaviours so my children are not quite "designer babies" but they are just about as designer as the technology today allows.
so this christmas the plan is for my fiancé and i to fly out and visit my parents.
i asked the admin of the page to get her details because the claims were farfetched, but i ended being called as misogynistic and someone desperate and fishing for private information from girls
aside from - not one member of has said a god damn thing to anyone in .
the other part of me insisted that if i gave up so easily and didn't trust her, it would trivialize my feelings for her.
i readily admit that i fucked up but i had all but forgotten that i was on his profile.
elite congressman trained to kill legislation in 24 different ways
2 take me up on it, the third meets us there after work.
once she wants to do something like i guess cheat on her boyfriend nothing i say or do will convince her to anything other then go ask someone else to do it really.
area man to run naked through streets tonight no matter who wins election
regardless of his manner, i thought it was a reasonable enough complaint, so i ordered window inserts to try and improve the sound proofing of the apartment (also was quite drafty due to jalousie windows).
unfortunately the only counselor i have been to that has actually given me practical advice which is helpful is $300 per hour and we can't afford that at the moment.
i can’t really share this story with anyone else for obvious reasons and my husband is still too mad to have a normal conversation with me.
due to the fact that these interactions or potential interactions are so fraught with ‘danger’ for me, (even though logically i know it will be fine and that most slip ups can be alleviated with apologies and acknowledgements) i usually end up having a panic attack, or generally just running away from interactions with mentally disabled folks.
i'm 34 years old and my husband and i have been trying to start a family for 4 years.
this made me so angry because fuck, can you just say sorry and move the fuck on?
tl;dr: i called the cops on a potential pedo and it turned out that he was just a father with his young daughter.
after me complaining about how messed up it was, how he gave it to me just a day before exams and how hes asking me to redo it to make it neater, he has blocked once again saying all i do is complain.
area man unable to believe the savings
he said he would let me know.
well, they'd feed themselves but i prepared it.
i did not want any of this stuff.
'curses!' shouts fist-shaking meals on wheels ringleader as trump cuts off gravy train
brake blocking, unlike normal blocking, slows down opponent's car a lot and makes it harder to catch up.
i just laughed and was like “oh yeah, ridiculous right!”, thinking she’d seen the crude humor in it.
aita for asking my girlfriend's guy friend to respect boundaries?
i have bad cramps, i’m bloated, and it’s been two years to the day since i found out he was cheating on me.
i've tried to look "cool" and "interesting" on the internet by lying about things that haven't actually happenned.
usps unveils new line of commemorative prince-inspired postal workers
yesterday i got a call from the school, i was told that my 10 year old was being put in detention for giving a kid a black eye.
since i don't have that privilege anymore, i'm forced to either spend that time in my sisters room, who complains about me all day, or spend time in my living room, where somebody is always watching television or talking on the phone.
christopher plummer probably nailing it in 'king lear' somewhere
basically my brother who is soon about to graduate from hs is finishing up the process of applying to several colleges in hopes of getting an art degree specifically in animation.
but that does not make me racist.
i cant even get gas money for my cars." i did genuinely feel bad but for her not too bad since many people had lost family, homes, cars, without electricity, and many had to relocate to homeless shelter so not too bad.
so teacher walks in and we spend the class learning and stuff.
he’s been doing this new thing though where i get mad and his responses are “hm?
about 10mins later i texted him i was here, paid for parking and ordered a drink.
he steals money from me, my parents and my sister, he's a pathological liar.
so you tell me, am i the asshole for doing that?
i then stormed off and left without giving these idiots a dime.
i am personally unwilling to let my son’s outfit be the main point of discussion on christmas eve (and it would be).
'well, that was cool,' say archaeologists before dumping bones of king richard iii back into hole
they were clearly one sided because i was still the 'best friend', so i kept quiet.
so we sat down and talked for almost an hour or so.
i conclude that it wasn’t about that, more so that my friend went against my wishes.
i couldn't look at some beatles bc they were a little scary, but still had a blast.
i said to her that she can help if she wants, but if she could try to do it the same way as me, or i would rather do it myself.
the cataplexy was so bad doctor's though my muscles had atrophied.
and our work kitchen is in the same place where we work.
my boss has told me that i am being silly and irrational.
they’ve been friends as long as we’ve been neighbors, which is about 10 years.
-we rarely see each other outside of school because she lives far.
would it be wrong for me to do so?
milosevic dreams he's slaughtering ethnic albanians in his underwear
i told her that if she started streaming and had a camera that her streams are probably going to do well because girl gamers tend to do well on the website these days.
dept. of homeland security introduces dhs for men
local company introduces new take your daughter's friend to work day
i love my friend with all my heart and i wouldn't ever try to hurt her.
'these last two are gonna be real turds,' george r.r. martin assures fans
for the record i was kind to f and we are still occasionally talking as friends it ended on decent terms but i have had several friends act like they really disapprove.
so far i banned 8 people.
some of you should ask yourselves if you're the assholes from the messages i'm getting.
he repeated my words back sarcastically except he thought i was saying *life* in generaly was meaningless.
aita or is my friend the asshole for hating me because of my childhood abuse?
last people left at party a ragtag assembly of friends of friends
at this point i was pretty done with mike, and we didn’t go on any other dates but continued to hang out during school.
'we can have differences of opinion and still respect each other,' says betrayer of the one true cause
my sister is a very young mum and is struggling to cope.
report: only 47,000 social justice milestones to go before u.s. achieves full equality
chad refuses to sit with me and my friends because "i ruined his dream!!!" and then he calls me a bitch and a whore and all this stuff and my only responce is "if you want to be a singer when you get older your going to have a ton more real criticism than that." he continues to swear and cuss and do anything to defend himself.
ok!?" and we just looked at each other and tried not to smile because of the absurdity of this.
i feel b had some pretty absurd commands.
red hot chili peppers accidentally write song about new hampshire
i’ve told him we’re not dating.
my father and sister are both upset at me for not wanting to attend, especially since in their minds my reasons are unsatisfactory.
am i an asshole for dragging this out and wasting someone's time, or is it all ok as long as we are having a good time?
if hamster only knew what happened to last hamster
&#x200b; yesterday: i do my usual thing, go to work, come home (6pmish), find something to feed the boy with...original thought "bruh corndogs!" open the freezer and stop.
kellyanne conway: 'i always liked hope hicks' skin, her unblemished supple skin, pure, tasty skin'
i frequently used humiliating language during the sex which was consensual for all parties.
my friends, colleges and even mother, don't mind exchanging ideas and validating each other.
it's a big part of our time together and i just don't really enjoy it.
but instead of being a real friend and trying to talk to me about my problems or addressing the issue with his place, the tony ghosts me.
i call, "why didn't you invite me?" "you said you wanted to stay in bed????" "you didn't say you were going to watch clue." "i thought you wanted to stay in bed." *annoyed silence* "...
he's 9 years old, still watches cartoons on netflix all day, can't form sentences other than 'hi' or 'my name is (name)'.
babysitter enters third hour of negotiations to get 4-year-old to put his pants back on
i'll probably text my mom today about it.
man captures ross perot, is granted three wishes
that is impossible for me because i haven't left my love for games phase yet.
i'm not just trying to sabotage their relationships for spite).
he’ s completely fresh of the boat, and would probably get bullied to hell in some of the public schools in america.
parents fight to remove cartoon characters from industrial solvents
vatican employees unable to relax at holiday party with pope around
she told me dont tell her what to do.
i’m well-aware that there’s no way to know whether that would have prevented my immune system issues.
we became close and i was sort of an older brother/mentor for her.
tell me you don't like me.
she messaged them all as far as i know.
area woman loses respect earned since last st. patrick's day
both of us just started uni.
i have never let him drive but now i just don’t want to be around the guy.
that's been a little frustrating but understandable.
it’s not a huge deal but i suggested to her that she should really start using her robe if she doesn’t want to put something on.
at the time, i told her that she was racist, but that it wouldn't be a problem, since i wasn't really interested in non-asians.
i have a no soliciting sign.
'maybe hang out in the water awhile, then look for some old bread,' duck tells self
it feels like a sympathy / appreciation grab.
am i blowing this out of proportion and being an asshole?
afterwards, quite a lot of people came up to me and gave me high fives...they were all happy that i ''tore her down a peg'' and some even invited me to parties (i'm not even interested in going to them, but feels weird...).
cern researchers apologize for destruction of 5 parallel universes in recent experiment
mom spends beach vacation assuming all household duties in closer proximity to ocean
i definitely could be in the wrong here, and i only hope to learn from my mistakes and understand who is in the wrong.
cnn opens up 24-hour anonymous tip line for anyone with synonyms for 'mueller closing in'
he kept calling me honey in front of her and told me to be safe and have a good day with my other boyfriends and said if i didn’t stop being sassy he’d give me “a finger later”.
we joke around and come out fine but still lowkey annoyed at one another.
he was pushing thirty and haven’t had a job other than a server.
i understand how she could feel hurt, seeing as how for 20 years we'd celebrate the holidays.
as someone who considers myselves to be very sympathetic and supportive of poc, i didn’t really know how to respond to that and just told her to look at all the other nonsensical comments to show that it was, apparently not so obviously, intended to be an “anti-statement”.
i talked to my parents, my 2 siblings and my counselor about the situation in hopes of some comfort and all my family told me the same thing: if ex was being so self-centered as to not understand why i had to do what i did, it was time to reevaluate the relationship.
i bet you forgot by now ya lil scamps, last time i mentioned it was like five hundred words ago.
literally the only days i get the luxury of waking up at 9 instead of 7.
this is where s*** hit the fan.
he said he was fine with this arrangement but that i didn’t need to act like he was inheriting anything from me.
so about 3-4 months ago, i made a post in r/squaredcircle of a link to an article discussing wrestling.
he’s a recent college grad, and both myself, his girlfriend, and my friend are both still in college so we all are struggling for money.
luckily i had therapy that day and i confessed about all the issues and let my therapist read the emails.
the fact is that knocking something over is something that happens all the time.
aita for not telling an acquaintance that i've known for over 10 years that her boyfriend asked me to suck his dick some background: i have known "amy" and "trey" since middle school.
family at restaurant reminds grandma what food she likes
dream team wins small soft drink
aita for not talking to my best friend because when his second child was born he didn’t bother telling me?
anyway i'm just saying the kid isn't my problem, she doesn't want to learn and i don't want to to teach her.
&#x200b; i found this hilarious and openly mocked him about it.
her other issue was that it would be farther away from her family.
we argued, she cried, the wife cane in and took the paper saying we should sort it later.
today, she says that she is sorry and that she feels like she acted badly.
i try to think about our son first, but would i be an asshole for just handing him the switch and game?
i don't know if i fear being stuck with her or losing her more.
the truck was given to me as a graduation gift.
that was a couple of days ago now, but i have since been feeling rather bitter about the whole situation.
so now everyone just thinks its because i am smart.
dunkin' donuts unveils new seasonal rotting jack-o'-lantern latte for end of fall
all the edgelords including me have been making jokes about it.
like some of you said, she told me that for her, she was upset that stan lee was someone that she had never known, but whose work she will always carry close to her heart.
since the 1870s, our school has held our graduation in our stadium and the attire has been “white dresses for girls, black suits for boys”.
he again confirmed that he thinks i am 8/10 in the looks category, but that i "make up for it by being 12/10 everywhere else." i really didn't know what to make of that.
i've met her ex, i've never really met her family though.
im thinking about breaking up with her because she is negative and depressed when i’m a relatively positive guy.
so, i ask you all, am i the asshole here?
my wife is a veterinarian and started at a new practice a couple months ago.
'the convergence is at hand,' announces sears ceo as employees report to company headquarters in white gowns
the noise definitely isn't occurring for extended periods of time or at very late or early times.
i have a huge issue with bad cuticles.
you're making assumptions which you then use to make arguments.
she thinks her calling me n's name all night should have been a clue to me that she was too trashed to know who she was with or where she was.
we were fine while i was on it as i never gave much second thoughts to anything, but within a couple weeks of tapering off, my true feelings about a lot of this bullshit came to light.
'we're in this together, you guys,' reports newest member of crunch gym
only two of us showed up, and you can likely guess who didn't.
i remembered exactly what had been said at that moment - the b roster's captain had criticised me for making a play without giving him sufficient up front communication, and i said that i couldn't have given him much more because i had a small window to pull it off in.
aita for using his stuff after he told me not to?
equestrian instinctively feels deep, meaningless connection with horse
anyway, my mom's lease says no smoking and no pets, but the real landlords have always been extremely laid back.
now i was also drunk like everyone else so i mightve been more passionate but it was white tie night and im around family and friends.
we dated for 2 months and then i cheated.
my sister is 10 years old and we used to be very very close.
i feel like he’s completely disregarding my needs.
report: guy just put 10 bucks in jukebox
i don’t want to now have to carry the burden of earning all the money for household expenses and disposable income.
however, due to his busy schedule and habits, he is making slow or no progress.
this is gonna be very long and sound stupidly petty.
area high school somehow still carrying on without 2011 seniors
loyal senator still lying patiently in spot where beloved bill died
so, am i an asshole for telling her no?
pope accepts senior analyst position at catholic think tank
i punched in the entry code and got in but was cussing and gesturing at him while doing so.
during his last set, i was finishing up some curls and heard that annoying loud breathing sound.
i got annoyed so i said, well, you can go sleep outside in the -20 celsius degree weather if it's really that bad here.
he said no and continued to try to hit me (he also attacked my friends, making me feel really guilty they had to get dragged into this) i got fed up with this and said i am sick of his shit and he should grow up and stop being a little girl.
&#x200b; i just want to know whether this conversation in general or my responses were indicative of me being an asshole, as my friend seems to claim.
jerky boys accidentally prank-call last remaining fan
then when we got to my place i was on my phone for a bit and she commented that it was rude to be on your phone in front of company and i joked that i was checking things for worked and sent a few messages and then put it down.
i suggested that my wife tell a white lie (how will they know when we started anyway?) in order to find out if there are any issues with her bleeding disorder, or cysts.
i think she's well-taken care of, the nursing home she's staying at actually sounds pretty nice.
aita for thinking two straight girls making out and about to have sex was an automatic invitation to a threesome?
i asked when he would get it, he said he didn't know because he had just lost his job.
aita for getting annoyed by my friend bringing over my crush's crush at lunch?
rescue dog adopted for couple weeks
new department of agriculture study finds 85% of u.s. farmers woefully kicking at dirt
wife is convinced i'm a psychopath for "assaulting" these children.
coworker most valuable to office when he fails to show up
standards lowered for second search through fridge
aita for not wanting to go clubbing with my (single) best friend because i just don't enjoy it as much anymore first time posting here so lets see how this goes.
after bending over backwards to do what i could for her wedding (and having 2 episodes i can only describe as akin to a panic attack) i had failed her.
wibta if i outed my friend to my parents?
nancy grace seen in graveyard sucking marrow from caylee anthony's bones
would it just be better to cut it off now?
yesterday, he said he hated her and wanted nothing to do with her.
i told zara that i would now have to go and clear up the situation.
my wife and i are in an open marriage.
so wibta for putting my son up for adoption?
she says that because she's known m for as long as she has and that if they want to hang out and sleep in the same bed one time a year, i should be fine with it.
he then asked me for the account details and i have him them in case they posted it again.
she talked about how she had a problem with me “never notifying” when guest were coming over.
this just happened recently so it's fresh in my mind.
&#x200b; my roommate however, loves napping.
the thing is i’m really busy at work in the week and on the weekends i like to hang out with my friends to blow off some steam.
i fell asleep and woke up to her fully dressed for the day and saying that our son is in school.
she's really into me and i feel so pressured.
aita for not letting my son wear a dress to my parent’s house on christmas eve?
i was not being compassionate and didn't care even when i texted her twice to see if her dad had picked her up (my mother-in-law want answering at 730 in the am) and she responded after the second message.
bartender developing a remarkable tolerance for alcoholics
they jumped on the idea and within 20 minutes we had it sorted.
you didn't say you weren't &nbsp;&nbsp; >(5 mins of typing later) >her: if a strange man came up to a woman in public and said something negative about her how much of a shot do you think he’d have?
we lost her mother two years ago, and she has taken on a lot more responsibilities in order to help me out, like taking care of her brothers and helping around the house.
i used to be much more rigorous about working out, which has gone way down since i started my career.
he has told me that he doesn’t really care, that if i go then he will go, but i could tell it might hurt him if i go without him.
my wife and i just had our second kid last week and i want to sleep at night while she takes care of the nightly feedings and diaper changing.
i realize that i am not a "normal" man and i don't want to hurt her, but i don't know if i can keep living like this and be happy.
so basically tonight my parents where going out to do something and me and my twin sister were like okay let’s order food since this doesn’t happen very often.
i guess my regret was seen as more validation to her.
but i didn't, it was clear from the start that i'm straight and wouldn't love him or kiss him or anything like that.
good things can be done out of anger, and i didn't expect this outcome.
area man overly proud of never wearing underwear
he declined and again told me he was tired and cut me off by saying good night.
i specifically remember her saying something to the effect of "yeah, that's cool, but if you ask for my help, don't flake out on me".
kodak, nabisco apologize for drunken one-night merger
the one thing the company does take seriously is customer complaints online.
aita for getting upset at my friend for bailing on my party?
i keep worrying that maybe i am compounding the problem but i also don't want her to continue to me miserable.
he kept following me, except for some distractions.
i thought i could cope with it.
more info: things are good with my so.
we’ve been together for over 2 years.
she is no longer catholic, she just “reads her bible and tries to love people.” she’s aware that i think religion is crap, however she refuses to have a conversation with me about it.
individuals unaware they constitute area man's support network
i, on the other hand, am not the best student, but i am going to become a professional tf2 streamer (by webcam comes in a few days) and that is a goal of mine.
this happened two years ago, right after i graduated high school.
he put up with being on the hook for a long time and would even regularly ask us for advice of what he should do.
last beer in six pack drunk with plastic rings still attached
she quit her band when she moved a year ago, her band replaced her but they have already recorded and mastered the audio, they are working on art work.
abusive husband was himself abuser as child
then the day of the call comes and ivanna says in a few hours she’d text me when she was ready.
he got up and stopped talking after that.
it doesn't even have a license plate on it!
physician shoots off a few adderall prescriptions to improve yelp rating
but with the accompanying caption it could easily be interpreted as being confrontational towards students that ask him questions he deems "dumb" or a "waste of his time".
she asked where i was and how long ago i'd left my partner's place.
boss's clout evaporates after he's seen in shorts at company picnic
but basically these days i have noticed a sort of obligation and burden in my heart when it comes to her...
over time, i slowly made positive changes in my life and i'm in a significantly better place now than i was then.
being a responsible adult, and wanting to find the correct dosage, i looked at the label and saw that the medicine was homeopathic.
wealthy donors pump millions into sanders' campaign in last-ditch effort to destroy his credibility
normally it doesn't affect me, but she sent out the invitations for her wedding and told everyone that there would be a vegan caterer.
she said that it wasn't my business, and honestly i wouldn't have pushed so hard if it were with someone that i didn't have so much history with.
my husband says he understands and it won't happen again but maybe i'm making a mountain out of a mole hill?
she said she wants it to be real so it feels like a cock inside of her.
she refused to help or even speak on my behalf to my brother, for what i assume is the fear of backlash and she believes if she remains neutral that she will keep good relationships with us both.
so aita for trying to date my friends past abuser if i truly believe she has changed.
majority of americans voice support for bernie sanders after learning he's a millionaire
i'm not sure if it constitutes flirting and where the line is, so read on and let me know.
bank teller manages smile with last remaining ounce of strength
i have met her son maybe 5-10 times?
snorkeling instructor unaware he's in background of 400 dating profile photos
mostly my depression was due to being unhappy with my circumstances in life, but also largely because my brain's an asshole and keeps trying to kill me.
speeches start, i do anti-feminist/mens rights speech using facts.
new workplace diversity initiative kills one white employee every hour on the hour until more minority candidates hired
i’ve been taking judo for the last few years and i actually beat him.
aita for thinking it’s selfish for a person sitting at the end of an empty row of seats as people are filing in to a soon-to-be-packed event?
she went "i don't want to have to take out a $20 just for a two dollar tamale," and i told her "fine, don't get a tamale then." she got really quiet and went "i'm just really hungry," and i kind of snapped at her and told her that she should have ordered something at brunch instead of just eating my leftovers.
come delivery day, there are two batteries in the box, i excitedly thank my dad and unbox them in my room.
but my girlfriend (20f) and i (19m) have been together for a year and a half now.
'game of thrones' showrunners disappointed with how quality of fans has dropped off over past couple seasons
she has no health problems right now but i'm worried about this lifestyle turning into a bigger problem in the future.
i think losing it was ultimately my fault.
feedback taking too long to be positive
i didn't know how to respond and was a bit passive aggressive - basically posted "..." and "interesting." then thought better of it and deleted it.
it turned out that he was pissed off at the kid for the brake blocking gameplay.
(optional wibta: for reporting them to the irs?)
why didn't you just say that!" and she's upset that i got so upset over it.
orrin hatch: 'as a father of daughters, i don't give a flying fuck what happens to them'
we separate at around 9 in the morning.
she didn't have to storm off and ignore me when i tried to help her.
parents went to visit the grandparents.
make-a-reasonable-request foundation provides sick child with decent seats to minnesota timberwolves game
i could not ask for more.
so i decided to take calculus.
we spend a couple hours looking, but leave to go pick up my dad as it's getting dark.
late-arriving guest encouraged to load up on food sitting in sun for past 4 hours
sucks cause we had plans to spend the whole day together (to celebrate my birthday) and i was going to surprise her with concert tickets at dinner.
i feel hatred and bitterness and sadness, but i am not up for a confrontation (this was4 days ago).
so im thinking “alright i guess thats fine, a quick massages is like what?
also note that both migraines and ts are neurological conditions.
'farm aid aid' concert to benefit struggling farm aid concerts
i give him a bit, general (but unspoken) rule in the dorm is if ur out of the chair for less than 5 mins (i.e.
i also informed him that he should learn to speak english before he invades our country.
i'm dating an olympian who competed pyeongchang last year.
omarosa searches through tapes of everyone else in white house using n-word for one of trump
wibta if i confronted my crush for lying?
i have to be at work in the morning & will try to wake up extra early to get it done, but am i the asshole here??
zuckerberg wishes old people would stop commenting on facebook
i told my boyfriend if he covers his ears i’ll be upset cause i find it extremely rude and it is just tim’s speaking voice (which he doesn’t have much control over in my opinion).
annoyed reince priebus forced to wait in line behind other exiting white house staffers
so i decided to draft up a list of the stuff that i do around the house.
aita for being aggressive towards a bunch of teenagers at a cinema?
i was the only one with a screen recording app at the time and he along with everyone else in the party wanted to have a certain video of that girl and another.
she got really mad at me and called me a bitch and said that i could at least told her to bring her own piece of paper and that we already set teams.
same jumbotron used for marriage proposal used to ask for divorce
am i being an unreasonable asshole?
i was delighted that i only had to pay for the one pound.
he wrote "i'm gay" on his facebook page when he was 14.
she then asks me why im so energetic tonight, i reply that im always energetic when i see her.
she is also the one who called me an asshole before the night was done (not her exact words, but we'll get there.) our waitress for dinner was great.
my mom got home a few hours later, and when she came to ask me how my day was, i bluntly told her "i had a rough day at school, and don't feel like talking.
i want to buy him new clothes and maybe some tickets to an event so he can invite some friends out.
mike offered, but clarabelle was super upset and said i was her step-mother, i should want to support her.
i say hey and we make some small talk and we talk about how the buildings all smell really bad he says “yeah it legit smells like currie in the [dorm]” and i go “damn...
for several weeks this practice worked fine until one night a cashier assumed that i was either drunk, high, or disabled when i handed her a twenty-dollar bill and a one-dollar bill.
unfortunately i am really picky when it comes to receiving gifts, whereas my girlfriend is more reasonable.
friday, everyone else arrived and angela basically kicked me out of the master bedroom because she and two other girls were going to share it.
aita for being annoyed about doing most of the driving in the relationship?
basically my health goes south and i lose the license, the job, the girl, then become depressed.
aita for breaking up with my (ex) boyfriend after becoming close friends with someone else?
but, i never did build up the confidence to ask her out or whatever as i have self-esteem issues and whatnot.
woman getting stood up on first date got all drunk for nothing
panicking romney attempts to lay off debate moderator
this is the aita moment of truth.
aita for complaining to my 5th grade child’s school for their sex education program?
he screams at me that it’s his property.
she’s a hopeless romantic so whatever.
report: someone needs to get chips and dip away from area man
the bell has to ring to walk the halls.
ibm closes jew-tracking division after decades of declining revenue
this led b, who for context purposes is always trying to start a fight even on a family occasion, to ask how m would get scholarships to go live somewhere and go to school at private colleges.
i managed to dispose of the bird and clean up the mess (which i would rather not discuss because it was somewhat traumatizing).
college senior holding out hope that internship will lead to class-action lawsuit
history doomed to repeat itself, reports man who just dropped food on pants
tired but changed-for-the-better friends meet at bar to discuss their thematically linked days
she told me everyone was retrainable when i told her i couldn't stop calling just her hun.
he said he’d make it up to her by ending our camping trip immediately and taking a shortcut to get us back in time for plan b.
enterprising child saves $54 to buy barrel of oil
parents surprised cruel teen daughter hasn't pushed classmate to breaking point yet
she has taken snapchat videos of him sitting in his crate growling at her, and has taken multiple pictures of the bite marks he has left on her.
our nation's businessmen: are they just in it for the money?
trump says wasteful nea hasn't produced single valuable work since claes oldenburg's 'giant three-way plug'
then shit hits the fan when a few days later, the chemistry teacher who i'm close with (i don't do chemistry myself) approached me and told me to stop pursuing my then crush because she and her two best friends told the chemistry teacher about my actions and dubbed it "stalking" and "creepy".
his business has never worked but he doesn't stop it because he "doesn't want to work for someone else ever again".
the conversation ended with an agreement that it came down to a difference of opinion about whether the request was normal and acceptable.
he wasn’t angry but he did bring up he saw people bring in whole roasted chickens without issue and he thought it would be ok (i’ve seen it too but i’ve never seen anyone bring an entire roasted chicken with the head attached).
i ask her why she lied and she said that she didn't lie she just wasn't telling me.
gunman kills zero at kansas city area mall
cause i had been with basically 4x the amount give or take.
it’s growing annoying and the way river has gone about correcting us when using the wrong pronouns is downright rude.
congress discontinues festival seating after insurance-deregulation-bill stampede
'this map will change the way you see westeros,' reports never-ending cascade of subhuman bullshit
woman who changed self to please boyfriend enjoying happy long-term relationship
their are guys out there that wouldn't have stop.
i texted her back saying that i would call her tomorrow.
eggs good for you this week
my knuckles were white on the steering wheel.
independent bookstore puts the dave eggers right where the fuckers can find them
she was in a secret relationship with a muslim guy for 8 months or so (her family is quite anti-islam) but it came to an end recently because of a joke i made.
he said he was at a pub and that he was sorry and proceeded to ignore me and stumbled to the bathroom to get in the shower and then broke a shelf trying to get in and tripped and knocked all the shampoo in the bath.
dad not going to pay someone to fix marriage when he can do it himself
alas, story time: my husband has never been the skinniest guy.
there are probably four or five main people in this story; we'll call them sam (15), jc (14), b (12), cameron (15), and jayden (15).
at the club i kept saying i wanted to go to the other club but everyone literally just danced and ignored me.
child promised he can go right back to video game after giving dying grandfather one last hug
henry rollins laboriously explains why buying organic is punk rock
roof of mouth in serious condition following cap'n crunch consumption
however, when you post "goodbye" with no other context, then refuse to answer your phone or comment when people start calling to ask if you are alright, i think we move beyond childish into downright emotional terrorism.
historical archives: dances you may wish to try
desperate wheel of fortune receives approval to use swear words
woman going to take quick break after filling out name, address on tax forms
this is his only brother- he will never have the chance to be best man for him again (assuming all goes well with the marriage, obviously).
new study finds women should only be making 20 cents less on dollar than men
as far as i know, i am not capable of changing jeff's excessively pessimitic behaviour, so i did not expect this situation to improve.
i think pizza in england and germany is a lot yummier.
though, most usually come with a lingering feeling of guilt too.
when i posted it, i cut off the joking context, and essentially painted d as a bona fide pedophile and myself as a "whistleblower" so to speak.
aita for telling a girl that my straight friend was gay, so that she'd get with me instead?
this hit me with disbelief as i couldn't think he would do something behind my back like that.
it's a bit frustrating that she won't even fully engage with the idea that there has been a large imbalance in time away from home, and that it's unduly burdened me in terms of child care.
but again i’ve come to accept my limitations.
science fiction fan increases suavity with trenchcoat
i told her that if she was to lose weight it was as simple as burning more calories than she gains and that 1200 calories is too little for her to even function correctly, let alone gain weight.
i told her i was sorry but i was still well within my rights and not breaking rules.
yeah, you guys just spent your night making fun of a sweet girl, so i hope you feel good about yourself!!
he casually sits down in the wrong section and begins looking at someone else's music because he forgot his (he's still in the wrong section so he's reading baritone music.
area woman can't understand concept of suggested donation
exercising woman really starting to feel the burn of lifelong injury developing
i already knew this, but she didn't really want to seem to talk at the moment so i thanked her for telling me and we went to sleep.
83rd birthday party stretches definition of party
george foreman grill retires to promote own grill
at least for me i was just because something bright was moving in front of me (i am actually diagnosed with a mild autism and this kind of "flashy stuffs moving" always attracted me.
i didn’t call him names or steal his phone, and it’s not like r was recording him or anything, there was one picture taken (just like i do to all of my friends, including d).
area mom off thinking about princess diana again
when i found my friend attending a language class, i noticed the girl that same class.
nation too sad to fuck even though it's what prince would have wanted
mpaa unveils rating system based on old testament
and as soon as i get home i'm told "empty out the dishwasher", as if he couldn't do it, despite not working.
local laundromat employs social media coordinator
i also keep some other weapons and gear under the seats and in the side doors and trunk.
employee who likens self to tv's 'house' fired
it got so bad that my mom texted me from the living room to go out and greet them and sit with them for at least 30 minutes.
he gave me a tour of his room and i saw anthony's stolen skateboard.
if you have ever taken anti psychotics or any other medication for bipolar disorder.
i then proceeded to tell her, "i have an extremely severe allergy to onions, can we get guac with no onions?" i told her i have an extremely severe allergy so she doesn't just take the guac they currently have and remove the onions; this forces them to make a fresh batch from scratch.
area woman quietly satisfied to have concrete evidence backing up years-long hatred of matt lauer
former marine sniper slapped with 3,000-yard restraining order
i’m a white male who comes from a conservative christian family.
aita for outing for my cheating ex boyfriend me and my ex boyfriend have been broken up for around a year, i have recently become single again and messaged him.
(that annoyed my mum) (i did not intentionally not watch the maranda dvd i just did not like her that much) she is not the best as getting gifts as she got me a alarm clock for a birthday gift after i told her i did not want one because i had my phone.
none of them introduce themselves or acknowledge me, but i'm really just talking to the coordinator, the guy, and the drunk girl.
mitch mcconnell has hands, vocal cords removed to prevent self from holding hearing on scalia replacement
(basically got mad at me last time because she climaxed and i hadn’t yet and it was painful for her.
however the 3 of them bickered and fought about my stagette plans from the beginning and they couldn't agree on anything.
i was her only friend from outside the country.
but she is my gf, so naturally, i want the best for her.
alan rickman ends pizza delivery order with ominous 'so be it'
i pull up, she pulls up.
i feel like it’s not that significant of an issue to warrant me being there that long, as i have to work tomorrow.
i also know that she has been penetrated by her smaller boyfriends, but she wont allow me due to my size, which also hurts.
\[4:03 pm\] me: him today at 1:00 pm am i giving you a hard time for not going to the doctor?
so there’s this guy chris who ever since i moved to this school in 9th grade has been bullying me.
wife starts talking about how she didn't see that the fork was pointed at her eye, how she "can't always see 5 steps ahead", and in my eyes making excuses.
weeping tim cook spotted screaming for help at steve jobs' tombstone
director of high-school play buys director's chair out of own pocket
these shoots are more focused on body positivity, not like a porno shoot.
toddler junkie immediately hooked on looking at trains after first exhilarating high
sorry for any bad grammar mistakes or anything, i'm a student who is kinda bad at it anyway.
jimmy buffett pays for own drink for first time in 17 years
man insists on calling fanny pack 'lumbar satchel'
i told c that if he hangs out with l over winter break than i'm not friends with him.
around a month ago, sam told me his graduation is at the beginning of november and he's traveling to scotland.
am i the asshole for not being okay with this?
ruth bader ginsburg returns to off-season lifeguarding job
mesquite bbq visine selling poorly outside texas
william barr declares mueller investigation fully exonerates members of reagan administration from iran-contra involvement
'boating world magazine' giving live updates as its team of reporters reads all of mueller report
i got very upset and told her that she doesn’t take my feelings into consideration, she doesn’t care about what i have to say or how i feel about the party.
when i was leaving again i told my sister that i'll come down one day.
whale regrets eating 290,000 plastic poker chips that fell off container ship
we hadn't really been talking to each other for a while, then she popped back up in my life shortly after the break up so it was a pretty natural response to have the thought in my head.
possibly the biggest issue is that this guy doesn’t seem to want to offer physical affection, and literally sets a timer for cuddles.
cable-tv judge overruled by network-tv judge
we get the silent treatment, but after a while, we are friends again and everyone's back to normal.
suspicious new wikileaks document dump exposes how awesome and trustworthy u.s. government is
i wanted the relationship to end.
man treats mother to detail about his personal life
family dinner successfully covers topics of movies and tv
nra lobby warns congress not to try anything stupid
my feelings towards people in general are lacking, and cutting someone out of my life over money they owe me would be easier than cutting out taco bell, so time will not heal all for me, only my money back.
i want to get him a surprise gym membership for his birthday.
congress demands to know how facebook got people to give up their civil liberties without a fight
she has multiple health issues because of her weight and she is pretty much one bad knee or back injury away from being bed bound.
i do, and apparently thought my girlfriend did too because for three years she agreed with me.
while i understand his concerns, my bf is my only friend and sometimes i question if the relationship i'm in now is toxic.
&#x200b; this is annoying and all, and i have been very curt to him whenever i see him, but perhaps i am in the wrong since i blackmailed and lied to him.
she didn't object, but i could tell she wasn't enthusiastic about it either.
$300 and a couple of days later she’s still ignoring me not even apologizing or explaining what happened.
my wife has always had an issue with my dad, and it's worth mentioning she's had an issue with older men ever since her parents split when she was much younger, and has trust issues with her own father - various events that have left her with generalized anxiety.
now, i’ve never been a parent, so i don’t know where the balance between instilling self-confidence and promoting ruthless, unwavering hubris lies.
10 million fans killed off in sopranos season premiere
high school drama teacher already has pretty good idea who he'll pick for fall girlfriend
i sent her a message saying that it was nice to see her, it looked like she was having fun.
i got to a point where i knew that it wasn’t healthy for me to stay, and it wasn’t even beneficial for the kids to deal with me when i was irritable and miserable.
wibta if i ate my boyfriends chocolate bar?
economic stimulus check burned for warmth
badass surgeon puts on fingerless latex gloves before operating
he also turns his head and looks in my truck and starts asking me about my gear.
salad suppliers pledge to continue including just enough in bag that some will go bad if you're single
my boyfriend came out and played airsoft with one of my guys that i hang out with...
great, now it's turned into a whole big thing
i am mildly annoyed (i have not said/done anything because of this annoyance).
that's just too passive-aggressive for me.
&#x200b; my parents have many opinions about my love life: mom and dad met in college and they were each others' first boyfriend/girlfriend.
fan prefers tarantino's early work when he was shelving movies all day at video store
environmentalists speak out against excessive cheese logging
now, i messaged my teacher and explained the situation and asked to be forgiven being about 20 minutes late to class every day, since i'd take the bus at 12:10 and be at school at 12:55.
“ i informed her that i was sorry about the whole incident but i had in fact asked for the chair nicely, informed them where i was working and told them they could get it back any time.
now she wants me to move in with her where i already know i will be extremely sexually frustrated.
but it seems like the reveal of her being wrong only intensified her dismay, which i decided to mirror back to her.
sprint's new long-distance relationship plan offers decreased minutes each month
he had his 'tree guy' stop by a few times but he wasn't even sure he could get equipment close enough to do it, and didn't seem interested in the job.
report: most terrorists do not start the day off with a good breakfast
it was one of those convos though that was rolling and very enjoyable.
we'll get into details later, but the way she said these things kinda pulled me back a litte bit, but again, we seemed perfect, i didn't have no one, she didn't have no one, and it felt great again having a friend by your side.
this is where the question comes in though: my friend yelled at me and told me that i shouldn't have done that because maybe they would be right back or maybe they left the lights on for a reason, and that now they might be locked out of their car.
lofty ambitions to shovel entire width of driveway scaled back to only shoveling thin path for car
he kept on asking for more time to get his mind around it, but never managed to get there.
obituary cites teen's love of music, cars
this new student says he has a mental condition( idk didn't really pay attention to that kind of stuff), but it really doesn't matter to me.
he makes all the excuses in the world for him- but at this point, i’ve had enough.
add to that that her mother's family is going through some rough times, and that i myself couldn't also pay for it as i had to pay for many aspects of the relocation itself, and she found herself wanting to resort to her dad once again for him to pay some things.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: but i feel your actions are pretty shitty, in attacking me & making excuses for your guild member.
i was fading in and out, everyone laughing at me sounded like alvin from the chimpmunks movie.
eventually we graduated secondary school and i went to a different sixth form (another friend, let's call him "ricky", also went to a different sixth form in an entirely different city).
one of those fucking people wins new hampshire primary
two friends of friends flew in before me and rented a car so they could go to the hotel first.
he had the confidence not to put up with it all, so i guess that makes sense.
picasso's 'guernica' triples in value after being autographed by the 1994 new york rangers
exec seemed chill, and volunteer wasn't offended.
i eventually apologized and said, “what i said before was just my opinion, you don’t have to listen to it.
i am unemployed at the moment so i have a lot more time than my friends to play video games so i use twitch as a way to interact with people who have the same interest in video games as i do and kind of make gaming a little bit more interesting for me.
i figured she should have bought food from the grocery store and made it or have me make it because it would have been cheaper, but i kept my mouth closed because beggars can't be choosers, right?
therapist beginning to show cracks in caring façade
stopped being into her as of the last three weeks to a month but, being a nasty asshole, i continued to milk her for sexual pleasure and less-than-optimal friendship.
my sister has made many friends there which i think is the reason she insists on staying for another year that she doesn't have to.
dad frees up entire day to spend on quality father-grill bonding time
faa installs 36,000-foot-tall air traffic lights
cooking class instructor can already tell which couples signed up based on marriage counselor's recommendation
parade of interchangeable starlets delights u.s. populace
subject of phone bill delicately broached
i tried to explain to him that he really can't and doesn't understand the toll that my workload puts on me while also suffering from depression.
context: the light was red and even if it did turn green he shouldn't press on the gas the moment you see green if someone is in front of you me: doesn't mean you rear end me you dumbass guy: i'm the dumbass for you riding a scooter in the street!
s) who was accused of molesting a teenage boy in the 90’s.
aita for calling a fellow student “kiddo”?
i would delete our conversations as i knew my boyfriend reads my messages and wanted to avoid a confrontation when all i wanted was to just talk to my friend again.
we call each other every night and i rarely ask her to send nudes, and i don't ever expect her to send them whenever i ask, but she like gets personally offended when i do ask.
men and women of armed forces thank local woman for song dedication
i talked to him about it earlier today and he said that it's not about him.
this situation never bothered me, since we love each other and our relationship is really strong, but i always joked with her on how bad she is at picking gifts for me.
it just seems like an overreaction to me.
i feel like my privacy was invaded, and that i am not in the wrong here despite being brought aside by my boss.
the protocol seemed to be to just let him talk, and when he hits a natural stop, say “thanks ” and then move on.
but no client ever noticed and they all loved my food!
my dad also went to an online shop to see how expensive the lamp was there and it was around €20, he googled that before buying so he already knew he was paying way to much.
i felt exhausted and more like i was caring for a child than sharing my life with my soulmate.
aita for not paying the cab fare?
wibta if i asked her to dial it back and make sure daughter is dressed better?
report: country that might shut down because president wants big wall somehow considered best in the world
in fact, this is the happiest i can remember being since i was 14 (or maybe ever).
alcoholic father granted posthumous sainthood by catholic family
there, like, 6 cop cars outside
i was carrying a few things so i pointed with my elbow and said "just needed the computers, but okay.", which in my anxious brain felt like a remedy to the situation.
&#x200b; it was really a mystery to me.
after talking to him, i only feel more confident that he was involved.
she never hides her phone, and i'll admit it: i snoop sometimes.
turning point usa condemns unlv student for filming racist video in portrait mode
my girlfriend and i have been going through a rough time ever since we moved in together in july, i have decided to end things with her because i just can't take this suffocating feeling anymore, i can never feel relaxed in my own home and feel like i am constantly walking in a mine field with her cause i never know what exactly will make her either flip out in anger and jealousy or burst into tears.
tldr: i liked an instagram photo of the dude my sister liked on her account.
this by default, gravitates some responses to, "if you have to ask, you are the asshole." i was one of the dinner guest in the majority and when asked of us to change languages, it gave the impression that the person asking (i used insisting, as it blew up the evening) was insinuating that they were in a toxic situation.
sudden computer restart vomits up bilious mess of unsaved documents on screen
aita for not understanding how painful a woman’s period cramps can be?
even before i fail 1 or 2 classes in semester.
as i said before, my notes are impeccable.
rather than give a boring, generic name (like the aspen room), i decided to turn it into an exciting fundraiser.
i wasn't in there that much, but our mutual friend, who she knew i had a crush on, was in there a lot.
she said she'd love to and we left it at that.
she thanked me and we got talking a little, and she was telling me how she'd had this dog for *such* a long time and how it was *so* hard to deal with the loss.
mild sexual harassment ignored to save the hassle
so this is where everything goes down.
i've mentioned in the past in casual conversation that i wasn't sure if i should invite him and they said ultimately it was up to me.
he recently voted to restrict lgbt rights in my state and has supported legislation that would have made my life more difficult.
i go in and i see he left his phone there.
i feel like an asshole for expecting more, but i do so much for them.
bored barron trump counts confederate flags in inauguration crowd to pass time
i have told her that she is being stupid, but she just doesn't listen.
report: last time anyone actually rose to the occasion was 2002
i eventually reached a bus station and got a ticket home.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: if that's how you want your guild to be represented, sure - i'm not chastising you & i'm saying "you" in reference to not you personally.
kushner: 'i did not collude, but i pretty much have to say that, right?'
fat guy mistakenly thought of as strong
this was kind of annoying considering we live a small studio (but we have room enough for 4).
for backstory i'm a 18yo (m) depressed, anxious guy, i finished hs 1 year ago, and took a year off (basically spent 2018 doing absolutelly nothing) i never had a job, umfortunally depression got the best of me i guess.
i know it sounds bad from the title alone but i’ll roll with it anyway my grandma has always been kind of a jerk to me throughout my life.
our city has a very large homeless population especially for the size of the town.
trump administration launches human rights investigation into senate's harsh treatment of mohammad bin salman
revealing spring attire reminds man he nothing more than weak, hormonal ogre
mcdonald's fights world hunger with new triple-decker burger
busy romney sorry he missed nation's piano recital
we talked a lot and found out we had very similar life plans for things like family, home, etc.
he essentially threw a tantrum, claiming that it was unfair for us to ask this of him and that he had signed up for the class under the assumption that we would split the bills evenly despite not being there (keep in mind, he could simply drop the class).
my friend made a roller coaster and i put tnt below him while he was building it and then lit it up and he hasnt spoken to me in a week we are in our 30's btw
during one particular point a couple of months ago, i've told her that (mainly) because i've never had a chance to connect with her, i don't feel any form of love for her.
exasperated james holmes requests media stop calling him 'alleged' colorado shooter
jeb bush inching podium closer to center of stage during commercial breaks
(i never got compensated and my little brother never got punished).
morbidly obese man recommends you read the hobbit
also at u/weirdlyconjured's suggestion i'll also post this over on r/legaladvice
christmas letter ominously makes no mention of the twins
i thought she had actually liked me there for a second, though i don't _think_ i came off effeminate to her.
i have been in a rather emotionally abusive relationship and grew up feeling like people did not care how they treated me.
last night, i asked him why he wouldn't go down on me.
report: stating current year still leading argument for social reform
he probably doesn't know that he's casually pretending to belong to an organization or that people will assume that he does.
with that in mind, wibta if i told my friend that he's lazy and shouldn't be in grad school until he starts taking learning seriously?
so went to a nice dinner with my friends to celebrate my recent move.
unsettling study finds second cousins technically fair game
we locked up and i was walking to my car to get home safely i told this to a few members of my family and friends and they told me one of two things: ° "this wouldn't have happened if you weren't sleeping on the job like a bum.
i'm extremely stressed out due to the fact that i'm the only one paying bills and buying groceries while he gets to sleep in and play video games all day.
they've still done really nothing, he's still in my son's chess class, still have the same p.e, still have the same lunch.
produce manager ready for some football
my friend is very needy for love, in his own words “i won’t stop dating if i have a chance” but he just dates anyone that gives him attention for a bit.
new facebook feature allows user to cancel account
we started fighting pretty often, and i felt like he was being emotionally manipulative, and after discussing it with my therapist over the course of a few months, i decided to break it off with him.
especially dealing with depression that makes me not even want to get out of bed.
before i go i call a locksmith to change the locks.
we live by ourselves in a city, and the rest of our family lives somewhere else.
it was raining and i wanted to be there so they would not have to wait .nobody was there so i finally went back inside.
but for the last two or so months, i've covered all of the grocery/household expenses, as well as lending him a considerable amount of money for things like rent and car repairs (in the ballpark of $1300).
i have four other siblings and they are doing just fine.
scarface onesie social worker's first tip-off
she proceeded to dump me over the phone.
now i feel like i'm scapegoating her but at the same time she could just be trying to manipulate me and make other people pity her so they'll side with her and i'll be alone.
ohio governor makes desperate plea to aquaman
i calmly said would you like to purchase a better case for our child's phone?
so even after i told him i was going to ask her, and after he knew i liked her, he still went on with it.
one of them was about to buy weed and instead gave me the $50 and said “fuck you, it was used anyway!” and left.
aita for resenting my coworkers success and badmouthing him to our boss.
it was horribly written, was based on the standards from the wrong year, had blatant lies about his achievements, and included him claiming to own the deviantart account of a talented artist who was most definitely not him, since the artist had a twitter account that contained his photos and the fact that he lived in america (we live in canada).
huckabee sanders warns stormy daniels' disclosures just steamy, sexy distraction from real issues
my girlfriend at a pride event covered in rainbows with a load of gay girls.
aita for wanting to bring up something that happened years ago?
we've been arguing about it for the past few days, the concert is tomorrow and we can't come to any kind of agreement, she flat out refuses to listen to my reasoning and is telling me i can't go.
souter hopes roberts is into birds
when i realized how strongly i felt all this i told my wife basically everything.
the subreddit suddenly gained massive audience and had more users than ever.
it drives me up the wall.
she escalated the situation and got even angrier, leading me to throw her ipad off the bed saying "oops it was on my bed".
they told me that in chinese people were extremely indirect when it came to dating culture, unlike me, and that i would be disappointed if i wanted the truth.
although they were broken up for a year then & he even had another relationship, he let her move in not charging rent.
disappointed couple on 8-month waitlist to get married at pentagon
apple hard at work making iphone obsolete
so during lunch there are a group of people that i would have called friends would get into these political discussions.
i basically knew i had one chance to show that i wasn't shit at my role, and i knew i would screw it up, because by this point instead of being warmed up and on form, i was frustrated and tired and confused from playing stuff i was bad at and feeling blamed.
i told her, i will not give her gifts to them.
now he's been my rock since i met him.
i recognized that my actions were not right and i talked it out with my bf and we are happy together which is all that really matters.
then i storm off to my room and in do so he say's whats you're problem to which i reply "what's your fucking problem and i slam my door in a fit of rage.
needless to say, she hates me now.
this is where it becomes a problem.
short time after, a worker had to carry a table through this hallway and told us to step aside.
let's establish here that my mom helped pablo's mom a shitload in elementary school.
but this week has had nice weather, to the point that without our air on, our apartments temperature has remained at 70 which is pretty damn nice, except she just raised the air to 72 right before bed.
aita for asking my coworker if her children are adopted?
he has three children from a previous marriage and i have my daughter from a previous one as well.
however i have tried this for a year and a half, seemingly without any success at all.
i booked the flights to tokyo with a stop in new delhi.
before i describe what happened, here are some quick examples of his actions: - telling our gym softball team that we should have a ‘good-bad rotation’ for who bats, then labeling all the guys as good and girls as bad.
but i just want to care about his health and i am scared that this will ruin our relationship.
the messenger of our group, we'll call her mike, so mike, had just received a little gossip on dirt's recent crush, which just so happened to be me.
mom has stacked dinner party roster
and we kind of left it at that.
so basically me and my old friend..
aita for telling my girlfriend she doesnt get to tell me what to do?
the last cycle ended about 4 years ago.
lucrative new oil extraction method involves drilling directly into gas stations
because of this, we asked this roommate if he would pay the cable/internet for that month (as nobody else would be there to use it, and we could otherwise shut it off if he weren’t there) as well as 50% of the electricity as opposed to his usual 25%.
for everyone telling me i’m in a shitty relationship thank you lol, but we did split for about a year to work on our differences and just recently got back together.
i would rather focus on friends who want to have me around.
aita for "bullying" my nephew and calling my sister in law a little bitch.
okay i understand it’s painful but in this situation you need to make sure that child is okay.
she insists anything thats biodegradable- pizza boxes, used tim hortons cups, ect) and i griped about it on my way out.
report: recently laid-off workers not doing enough to help economy
everyone knew she was obsessed with j (including j).
(not trying to disrespect her feelings with that.
candidate turns to focus group for position on rape
pastor always knew agnostic would come crawling back to church for wedding
after this second email was sent my wife was livid.
tyson holds contest to let fans submit new ideas for torturing chicken to death
so wherever he would go i would have to closely follow and make sure he wouldn't fall down any stairs or what not.
i was friends with a guy for about 7 years and i suppose over time, i assumed he was bi, especially considering he had a girlfriend at the time of the incident which i will divulge into later.
calcutta fire marshal: many indian homes lack bride extinguisher
teen choice awards honor cory monteith with posthumous surfboard
i know that's an asshole move, but i just don't know what to tell him anymore.
u.s. not planning to attack iran, says u.s. iran war czar
cause i have a hunch we both suck.
the guy landed flat on his ass in a drunken mess.
he’s asked me twice now if i want to be in his wedding, and i’ve just said, “uhh, maybe.
aita for missing my friend’s two hour 21st birthday party on new years eve?
bound, gagged joaquin castro horrified by what his identical twin brother might be doing out on dnc floor
to be fair, i don't think my teacher literally expected that as she knew how crazy my schedule was.
don't i deserve to be happy aswell?
we have had many fights about this and have hit a wall.
it not clear if it okay to pass handicapped woman on sidewalk
last month apparently women's history month
basically, i was in the city library getting some work done.
king of queens creator thinks everyone's ripping him off
third desperate, unsolicited email to tenuous business contact should do the trick
aita for driving behind a car at night and flashing my brights until they moved to the right lane i was driving on the interstate where the speed limit is 70mph.
stuffing their words into the mouths of the dead and claiming they came from your loved one.
i'm not doing badly in the class, floating at a 97 with a couple pending grades that may drop it a point or two.
but when he hit me here it was a shock because we both knew it was different and not playful.
she tells me to be polite if i want her to respect me and i tell her i literally don't give a single fuck if she does.
the friend im mentoring, in no more than 5 seconds, found a guy and was kissing him on the dance floor.
aita for breaking with my girlfriend after she denies me at work aita for breaking with my girlfriend after she denies me at work &#x200b; me (35 m) and my now ex girlfriend (27 f) , have been dating for over seven months, we met at our current job and what started as non serious and ocasional relationship evolved into dating.
she apologized and things were decent again.
i felt like i wasn't \*really\* involved in the accident, since our cars never touched, but i'm not a cop and it's not my place to make that call.
arctic glacier called to melt before senate energy committee
gap closures to leave americans with fewer places to buy pants for friend's wedding at last second
but instead he burns through it to sleep in and passes it off as okay because he still gets the same amount of money as if he went into work on time.
i said i wasn’t paying extra and would file a chargeback if they didn’t fix it (spoiler alert: i did).
lately i have been cool with his dietary choices.
he drops me off at the metro.
throwaway for obvious reasons, i play a specific game on a competitive level and i’m part of a two man duo.
&#x200b; tl;dr my roommate wanted to throw a party during exam season, but wasn't allowed to so i assumed it wouldn't happen and never told her i was opposed to it.
but about a week after we broke up, he told me that he was going to start dating this girl.
last year, he applied to a handful of phd programs and only got into one and unfortunately, it's not going well.
finally he was not completely new (he had played ~20 hours) and he knew what he was doing.
for context, a couple months ago the assistant coach added me and a few other guys to a group chat and all we do is roast each other.
while he's a nice guy and all, i think there isn't the slightest chance of them getting together.
i did start by asking politely and respectfully to put the flier in the bin, asking why she wanted it etc.
300 naked women feared lost in computer crash
area woman always has backup problem just in case
dick is a pathological liar and will always have 2-3 girlfriends at the same time (without them knowing) and cheat on them whenever he can.
even so, she barely passed her classes.
my mom says im not respecting my elders but i think respect is earned not given.
aita for getting upset both of my roommates bought the exact same shoes as me?
the thing is, i have an issue with this because she is in a hetero relationship, she is not dating women and when she goes to pride, i see it as erasing our relationship and acting as if she is still gay.
failing memory fuses robert wuhl, kevin pollack into single entity
&#x200b; while talking about my job prospects, because it's currently not going so well right now, i said to my so of almost 2 years that while i appreciate her advice, it's different because she's not in the same field, computer science.
he didn't and carried on his work.
i really enjoyed how the new girl was always coming up with interesting and wild things to talk about, always surprising me with weird things to say.
&#x200b; the other day we were laying in bed after i had just gotten home from work and was subsequently falling asleep.
but he was insistent that it was gonna be smelly and gross by the time he got back so i said okay.
nation delighted by rich ass who fires people
i had the impression that there was something else not being said, like maybe they just don't like him for some reason?
also person 2 may or may not agree with me.
like i get it, but i don't?
detroit burned down for the insurance money
enough for about 80-90% of the price tag on a *2018 chevy sonic lt*\-- a serious upgrade compared to my wife's old car.
so that's basically the gist of my story i can answer any questions to elaborate on anything.
i really could not understand why they all wanted him left out when he hung out with us so often already.
also please don't give them the plastic or metallic streamers or confetti.
larva celebrates ascent to adulthood with bar-moltzvah
arm & hammer representative starting to wonder what he's doing at sxsw
her son, my nephew has recently started nursery.
my best friend, at the time had a girlfriend so i really didn't know that he would do this.
this morning i commented on her choice of a breakfast sandwich (bacon, eggs, ciabatta, mayonnaise) and said she should not be combining a lot of fat with a lot of carbs, also stating that it’s ok to eat one or the other, just not a lot of both.
so a few months later we got married and another couple of months later moved out to europe.
jack lalanne pops back up after cool down
aita for evicting my tenant when he complained about the noise my dog makes?
i don't mean a loogie or anything but i was definitely hit with some spit and a lot of her hot ass breath.
she said that this is what we agreed to and that she needed to talk to them as a distraction to keep her from falling right back into our relationship without us fixing our issues.
this started to go around in circles i eventually interrupted her and said “so i am just clearing that up.
gap unveils lightweight linen gift card for summer
if he's willing to lie to me about this then what else has he lied to me about?
all she said was "where's the real one"?
he refused saying that looking after the child is my only job and it makes no sense for us to hire someone while i don’t bring in any income.
nation fondly recalls when just regulating video games seemed like solution to gun violence
men's wearhouse introduces clip-on trousers for guys who never learned how to put on pants
bush calls for end to 'era of political argument'
we keep commenting on his pictures just saying stuff like i want to kiss you, i love you, you are beautiful, just the usual joking stuff.
pope francis carves roast cherub for vatican christmas dinner
relationship experts say mailing body part to ex on valentine's day only way to win them back
he stays clear of my path.
me: says the one who is literally telling us how to do fucking everything every moment of the game.
aita for telling my friend that men will not want to come to a traditional coed baby shower?
claimimg that it was because no one was meant to know.
warrantless surveillance bill to protect nation by creating dozens of future whistleblowers
six years ago i was 22 and started dating the absolutely most perfect guy on the planet.
me: but i won't be able to finish the chips.
so, now i have the choice of: - wiping sweat off on the towel, but then no towel for equipment wiping - using the towel for wiping the equipment and not having a sweat towel unless i bring my own separately, or; - what most people seem to do, which is use the same towel for both sweat and wiping, which...seems disgusting.
am i the asshole for leaving my (25f) fiancée (27m) for another guy?
i’m working as a assistant engineer(ae) i’ve become the favourite between the other ae.
i told her i would make an effort but it would be near impossible for me to stop only calling her it due to some of my mental issues she knows about i have a problem with habits and breaking them.
'anthem' developers assure players whiteboard with words 'jetpack+guns?' will be playable game by friday
you been drinking and driving?" i did admit yes i drank tonight and yes that was my car out there but i should be sober by now.
my other friends egged me on to show me his account so i did.
man wishes there wasn't so much blank room on anniversary card
woman walking alone at night picks up pace after spotting truck full of alabama lawmakers slowly following her
live music, lots of people and other food trucks there.
i measured it at fully erect and i am bordering on nine inches when hard, a little less.
aita for thinking parents need to teach their kids to have a little backbone?
which she at first told me was on the rack with the applications, they weren't.
she threw the box on the ground and told me "i hate you!
'entourage' fans doubt film adaptation can capture nuances of book
it wasn't a 1 time thing or something that just slips up from time to time, it was in almost every message i saw coming from them.
my algebra iii (iv?) teacher kinda disappeared two days into the school year, saying she's on sick leave.
lawyer urged by mother to include younger brother in murder trial
ama: plastic surgery 'only a few years away' from making someone look better
my friend, let's call her kaylee, and i have been friends for the past five years or so.
snack that resided in empty vending machine slot must have been delicious
me and my friends spent sometime organizing a game of diplomacy (a board game) online that we'd play in real time.
honestly, my ex moved like two states away after we broke up.
as well as this, we barely see each other through the week so i thought it might be nice if he came home early and we could spend some time together.
mexico announces plans to refry over 700 million beans
i respond that as long as shes not with anyone, its fine.
she doesn't want to deprive him of his desire to have his buddies there.
it’s gotten really annoying always having to repeat myself so my tone isn’t always friendly and could potentially make the room feel uncomfortable which i understand.
'try it now,' shouts gogo internet technician standing on plane wing while fixing in-flight wireless connection
so i text him and tell him that it was kind of rude of him to just hang up on me like that and again bring up how he was the one who said we could talk because he didn’t reply when i said it the first time.
she knows my history and its generally been good.
and besides he had a good reason for doing this, unlike me.
cheney to speak at republican convention from section 109, row 56, seat 3
bush to sacrifice own life for good of nation
so bitch1 posts a snap of her and bitch2, bitch1 looks so great, but her friend looked straight up fat (even though she has a nice curvy body in person and all her other photos.) i sent a pm saying "your mean for posting this, it's so unflattering😂" trying to make light of it.
romantic gesture too expensive to waste on current girlfriend
my current pc is way better than his, but that's irrelevant to the argument.
my bf [32m] and i [29f] both have cars.
aita for not being happy for gf?
his younger brother would help him.
so all was going ok and the game was nearing an end when my sister's friend starts running out of money.
12 shirtless firemen save woman from year of loneliness
they knew i was not from an agency, nor was i being paid to socialize like they were.
all i wanted to tell her was that i could understand not wanting to be with a crybaby, but maybe don't focus on the negative so much and talk more about what you do want.
thanksgivin- my father was upset both of them hadn't invited us over for dinner after living there for a year, using a washer and dryer my father bought them.
i work my ass off for those hard earned doubloons and i expect to squeeze every cent out of those.
a few months ago, when i started highschool i dated this girl (i'm gonna call her s) for a few months.
she thumbed through and showed my family all the drawings inside.
nation's liberals not sure what to think after hearing special counsel has waterboarded every suspect in trump investigation
i immediately was very angry and wanted her to take back those words as i felt that those countless times/night that i spent talking to her over the phone with no real agenda was wasting her time from her pov.
cat seemed perfectly content right up until point he bolted out of room
aside from working on my thesis, i also teach, tutor, grade papers, hold workshops, participate in seminars, attend conferences, meet my supervisor ...
tldr: was on and off with a girl for a few months.
he's been doing this so much that he has damaged the inside of his mouth from the cough drop being stored in his cheek- which is another major concern for me.
i really want to know if i was snappy because i'm irritable, or if this is actually a snappable offence.
this clearly upsets her and she stands up to leave.
he is the only one that was always nice to me unlike the rest who just treated me badly throughout my childhood.
he got mad and it escalated to him saying he wouldnt want to be friends anymore because he felt like i didnt care.
senator forms subcommittee for the watching of lost
she goes to another local high school, has about 1500 followers but is following double that number.
wibta if i ditch my best friend's farewell party because of my girlfriend?
students excited to see slate of notable speakers who will be disinvited to campus this year
-tldr- "guild b" is upset at "guild a" - i choose to ignore 99.99% of these messages, today i chose to respond with two words " citation needed " following this - this conversation happens &#x200b; &#x200b; &#x200b; her: what is happening...
update bellow wife (32)/ me (33), live in a fairly big us city.
so, i'm absolutely certain he understands nothing i say to him.
the bridal fair was supposed to be at 11.
aita for wanting my dying asshole coworker to die faster?
bats shooed out of nation's waterslide tunnels in preparation for summer
if i'm doing something he dislikes or get an attitude he'll tell me to stop because it's not attractive.
i have nothing against black people but am i an asshole for this line of thinking?
aita for telling her about what some people have said behind her back whilst i was simply trying to be honest with her?
he ends up angerly taking the dishes from my arms and takes them upstairs to th kitchen.
i feel extremely uncomfortable about this, and it seems kind of hypocritical, as she claims dating and seeing people isn’t good for people like her, who are independent and focus on themselves.
i thought its unnessary but i will drive him, but not her to the hospital.
aita for being 'unsupportive' background, hubby is currently in a phd program that he wants to quit and he wants to start a jd .
aita for thinking people should not use the elevator in the office for only one floor.
although i never explicitly said that i was looking for a relationship, i felt like it was fairly obvious and she should've been more honest with me.
aita for thinking you should apologize for things you didn't mean to do?
clinton to get teeth cleaning, glasses before coverage runs out
kavanaugh sweating bullets after betting life savings on being confirmed to supreme court
i said it wasn't just easy to stop blowing up and that it would be ok to break up but he won't take this for an answer.
48 syrian civilians massacred during claire danes' emmy award acceptance speech
i went with my mother for a fast trip to her hometown on thursday.
editors of 'good car' magazine: 'the 2013 hyundai sonata is a good car'
grandma pulls pudding roll-ups from recesses of cupboard
the individual is married with children for what that's worth.
aita one of my (21f) best friends (20f) slept with my brother (18m) first post ever so i’m super nervous but here goes.
she's a prostitute and i'm tolerable of it i guess, still have my judgements.
report: more travelers avoiding long lines at airport thanks to cinnabon precheck memberships
local man hates self, family, others
we go on \~3large vacations a year and many smaller trips.
i understand that she wants me to find a good husband, but i'm not dating this guy specifically to rebel against her, and so far he's been the best boyfriend i have.
sex officials add new base between second and third
however in the past 3 - 3 1/2 years it has dropped to practically nonexistent.
for the last couple of months we've been spending a lot of our time with another kid that lives nearby and their parent (we can call them e) who is in pretty much the same situation as myself except further progressed along the same path.
it feels like i’ve done the wrong thing.
first amendment experts warn facebook banning infowars could set completely reasonable precedent for free speech
he even touched the youngest one.(she had no recollection of this).
every other minute of every day save for those 3 incidents, she was kind, supportive, loving...
i’m upset about the changes naturally.
holiday music aficionado urges friends to check out 'frosty the snowman'
they listen music, often very loudly.
isis operatives destroy hofner bass guitar signed by paul mccartney
new evidence reveals christ lounged in tomb for extra hour before finally rising from grave
sometimes even if i’ve been in my room too long she will secretly raise the temperature despite our agreement.
area woman's type tall, athletic men who have already hurt her
2) i never told my boyfriend because it did not occur to me that i was obligated to update him every time i made a new friend.
my wife has had issues with emotions/anxiety, and yesterday was an example of the worst of it.
&#x200b; we made up a few days later and she was really distant for some reason.
or aita for being obnoxious and sticking nearby them without any real reason to do so?
irs can't believe area man didn't get a raise last year
man brings lunch from home to cut down on small joys
i get it, we're broken up.
throwaway account to protect our identities.
so it just hurt me to know that shes still talking to this guy after we've been so serious and kinda intimate.
hey guys, so since november, my girlfriend of 4 years and i were planning to go to somewhere for a 3-day weekend before school starts (vegas, lake tahoe, la).
(nitpicking my athletic performance in front of others, calling me gay as a kid cause i was into opera and sailor moon, criticizing me in front of our veteran of a dad when i wore brighter colors, belittling my interest in theater, etc.) one day he called me crying while drunk and apologized for being an asshole, but he hasn’t really changed much.
new psa reduces accidental staplings by 33 percent
aitas for not wanting to taking care of one of the dogs?
of course, everyone should get vacation time, and the opportunity to spend time with their families during the holiday season.
i think some socializing will make him happy.
i was not in the boy scouts.
aita for saying nigga around my black friend who clarified he was okay with it?
hulking strongman now only voice of reason in republican party
they don’t plan to work during this time.
curiosity rover to explore massive martian synagogue
but my mother has a tendency to demand everyone change for her.
agent asks failing actor if he's considered becoming alt-right commentator
after we graduated we didn’t see each other for a solid year or so.
frustrated wildfire spends hours stuck in l.a. traffic
&#x200b; tl;dr - my boyfriend used to play video games way too much when he should of focused on school, i told him to try to play it less, then next year he started to play really grindy video games again behind my back.
one of my cousins, he was 14 at the time and is also my aunts son, was talking about how he was having a hard time with his grades, and my mom chipped in and said that i could perfectly help him study if needed since i'm top in class, and i also complied gladly.
so i didn't say anything but we had like an hour drive to my friends superbowl party.
considering my roommate and i agreed she’d get shower for all of 8, it takes an hour for hot water to come back full, so i shower at 10.
police continue search for missing gunman
rachel maddow claims new audio damning enough to pad out entire week's worth of shows
so perhaps fortunately i got my period maybe two weeks later and was able to convince him that he blood was probably a miscarriage.
the biggest problem for me is that my feelings towards her have now grown even after we met and shared a lot of intimate moments.
we got there a little early, got all our snacks and got to watch some of those pre-movie commercials.
i am not good at confrontations.
whale won't shut up about time it was beached
wibta for not sending my condolences?
seriously, she just jumped and hugged me for almost 15 minutes as soon as i walked in the door.
girlfriend has been trying to eat healthy, avacado toast and veggies for the past few days.
a few days after that i over heard her on the phone with her friend telling her about the divorce and that they should get together and celebrate it on the 2nd of february.
i hadn't seen him for 7 months this time around and i felt the image of him in my head was fading...
her parents want this huge elaborate wedding that no one can afford and they’re paying for most of it, which they never complained about.
experts warn transitioning too quickly from work to vacation could cause decompression sickness
hellmann's introduces new meat-on-the-bottom mayo cups
british royal family sadly announces death of prince charming
it's basically the trolley problem imo.
i'm not a fan of social engagements, especially with the potential for fighting of religion and politics at holiday meals.
ff to yesterday, and i just got broken up with because i was having a shitty day, and i asked her to hang out with me, and i told my gf, and she got mad, and after an argument with two of her friends over text and talking to one of her friends in person, she broke up with me.
poll finds americans would be open to third type of screwdriver head
then she told this situation whole class and now my whole classmates hate me, don't want to talk with me.
report: folks, bette midler is back on broadway and not a minute too soon
so i come here to ask for the closest thing to an unbiased opinion.
she's a little more then i freind, but not exactly a girlfriend.
house lawmakers brainstorming some good things to say about poor people before meeting pope francis
and tuesday i saw my fuckfriend and we slept together.
so i texted him i was bleeding and in pain and he ignored it and said sorry that his phone was on silent and that he’ll be home soon.
he had never had any substance abuse issues that i know of but soon became addicted to morphine left from my wife’s passing.
i think it is ok to be overweight, but i don't think it is good and should be avoided and fought against.
now she was supposed to get married to the guy.
hunter s. thompson shoots mouth off one last time
man feels less guilty about gentrifying eastern european neighborhood
&#x200b; tl;dr : aunt thinks that dark humor is discriminatory, i disagreed.
she has told him numerous times to stop and at first she blocked him, but that didnt work as he keeps sending more packages.
a white knight fellow who was at the confrontation, perceiving the fact that the birthday lady was getting upset at my polite refusal, strongly implied that i was being rude and that they could just go find out my birthday from hr.
this is the big one, and the one that i'm really ashamed of.
also, considering i go to university, i've seen my fair share of classroom settings and, suffice it to say, i have \*never\* seen drama in those classes that compare to the likes of what i faced in this class.
later i ask them if they know why d added m into the group chat, and a said that she and d did it when creating the group chat.
report: video games will never be art
after that we saw each other once a month or so.
she doesn't even have many public pictures, just a handful.
so me and my table group were chatting.
my stepson lives with me and my husband and my stepdaughter lives with her mother.
suspect wins over detectives with 'rockford files' reference
but i added that it was very insulting and inconsiderate nonetheless.
besides, there isnt really anything that he can do for her.
cheetos social media team arguing over whether tweet in chester cheetah's voice
&#x200b; added for clarification: &#x200b; i'm not talking about a zipper merge situation.
area man loses all control of face while thinking
(other than that one case in the morning of which i bought my roommate a drink over) or when he's trying to nap.
trump warns removing confederate statues could be slippery slope to eliminating racism entirely
beethoven's ninth symphony gives man idea to be genius of some sort
the past week has been a nightmare.
when we saw the bill, we noticed that the waiter forgot to push the "2x" button on my and my friend's cheaper meals.
michele bachmann announces bid to be discussed more than she deserves in 2012
aita for wanting to end a friendship because of a shroom trip?
i live in an apartment off campus at a university.
he shouldn't be mad at me for reporting him.
why my husband wouldn’t push back and say something like “i’ll grab smaller needed items but not something like that...” we have been married for over 10 years and not had any issues with infidelity.
i tried to break it off with his ex but she kept telling me she was completely over him.
my lightheadedness was due to not eating and we were going out to dinner which would have solved the issue.
when we got out of our car i said to her ‘watch this’.
in addition to video games i have gotten involved with the twitch community and continually play with new online friends.
i spent 4 years in the military and during that time i met others who i was able to share my interests with and sort of explore that part of myself with.
i played a wager match on my game and i ended up winning $5.
&#x200b; when my wife and i first started dating at 17/18, my dad would try and treat her much like he did me and my sister - trying to get a laugh chasing her around the dining room table pretending to tickle her, or jumping out at her.
i mod for a streamers channel and every so often someone will come into chat and ruin the vibe.
92% of area woman's holiday recipes involve pulverizing bag of oreos
trump locked out of white house after accidentally revoking own security clearance
paul ryan wondering if he should have told romney about this guy he's dating
gluten-free pancake mix just a bag of sand
i am fine with this as it gives her a chance to have some time to herself and the kid can socialize with other kids.
my friends, my gay friends, people at school, etc.
but i was still scared, i don't know why.
i asked for the check but they insisted on me not paying.
voters clamoring to know if female political candidate a mother first
the most you'll see is a glass jar for putting in coins at the local bakery or fish and chip shop.
i don’t have a problem with people smoking weed, but my school has strict policy if you’re caught, and only one offense will get you banned from university housing.
l also said some blatantly untrue and exaggerated statements of behaviors in this situation for m to address.
apartment listing sweetens the pot with offer to sell current tenant's 9-year-old furniture
cbs to retain les moonves' services in smaller sexual-predator-at-large role
so i sent her a msg telling her how i feel and maybe i'm doing something totally wrong.
hometown wistfully toured via google street view
aita for making out with this dude's ex in front of him?
aita for saving a old sex video with an ex and lying about it to my bf current bf found a sex tape of me with an ex accidentally.
man offered cocaine by guy he met at urinal 90 seconds ago
today i asked her to throw an old flier away for me and she started looking at it.
aita for thinking this might be sexual assault, or am i being too sensitive?
i told her the people i knew had it because it was more trouble than it was worth at this point.
mom tries to appear interested in daughter's documentary
african leaders still treating clinton as president
paris review receives mysterious plimpton essay about being a ghost
then she started wearing my fav shoes (now they're worn out and i can't wear them anymo rip).
i cracked a joke about fr.
just me being stupid and wanting to have some fun.
if i hadn't, i would still be wondering to this day (15ish years later) if someone's child was killed or something.
area mom adds ankle weights to already bizarre workout routine
breaking: 'the onion' in kill range of boston bomber suspect
i know that if her mom were to show some encouragement it'll make rose feel better.
elizabeth taylor watches cleopatra alone in dark
now she was the angry one, "oh my god why did you do thaaaatttttt" "what the fuck is wrong with yoooouuuuuu", i replied "your backback is next" and she quickly got up and left my house, i of course walked her out to make sure she didn't knock over a tv or something.
yesterday the topic came up about periods and she very casually said that she no longer gets hers and cant have kids.
with same shoe size who wants to buy them for...sport.."?
stephen miller rewards self after day of speechwriting with trip to see children in local ice detention center
still no word from the mum as i yelled "it's just cerebral palsy, she isn't poisonous or anything", to which she storms off into the caravan slamming the door behind her.
high schooler promises to have man's impregnated daughter home by midnight
area idea so crazy it just might work
which i considered because i really love this girl and to be honest i'm still considering it 4 months later.
hot-dog craving ends after first bite
i’ve researched the topic and i’ve only come across sources that express how inappropriate that behavior is.
god struggling to remember how to make geodes
i want to put my foot down and tell her i won't go otherwise.
they don't totally believe he has asperger's too.
we were going to see a movie but i asked him to just take me home.
eco-friendly junkies launch needle re-use program
am i an asshole if i do this?
she started being friends with my sister, and she started erping as well, (which stands for erotic role playing) of course at the time i had no clue she did this as i trusted her enough to not have to look on her social medias, otherwise i would have immediately ditched her for cheating.
god planning to get rid of harsh shadows by adding second sun
i was so upset that i took my mom to a room privately without them and we finally talked about this.
i made an account and shared news on that account from ringsidenews (which is the best wrestling dirtsheet by the way, we literally cover every thing wrestling related.
wait 30 minutes and drop it off.
another issue with this is that we only have one bedroom and the kitchen to hang out, so if she falls asleep there is not much for me to do and i'm "forced" to go to bed as well (not really, but if i have the choice, i'd play playstation but i cant because the playstation is in our bedroom).
but it's clear to anyone who's known my little brother .5 seconds that he's severely very autistic.
all the cheapest items on wedding registry already purchased
pipeline company rushes to contain oil spill to small section of media
all of us didn't know what to say since we all don't really like denying giving people money.
&#x200b; mom says that i'm being selfish/that i didn't stop to think of her.
uncool zookeeper won't let anyone ride gorillas
both grandparents got engaged in the town plaza because it was sort of the thing to do back in the day.
am i the a hole for not wanting to trust him anymore?
my boyfriend is a sweetheart and never asked me not to go - he understood my dilemma - but i know it hurt his feelings that i went with them.
she turns to me during assembly and flat out says, "when are you asking me to the dance?" at this point i froze because i was so shocked and barely whispered out an idk really quick.
we drive similar cars and wear the same clothes but he has a nicer watch than mine.
yeah, perhaps i could have elaborated or been more polite, but all that annoyance i felt for the wasted energy and time i used on him welled up and retaliated in his face.
single strip of 'i voted' stickers more than enough for midterm polling station
he texts back saying he said good night and “drifted off” which doesn’t make sense because he’s very awake texting me back less than a minute after he hung up.
edit 2: im apologizing to the kid the moment i am able to on monday.
brian kemp campaign energized after seeing early voter suppression numbers
however, there are too many homophobes and just general degenerates in the world, i figured even if it was underhanded, i dealt a small amount of comic justice.
look at it: it's goddamn beautiful
she was my first, and i love her more than i thought i was capable of loving anyone or anything.
i had gotten one of my good friends who happens to have ocd which ramps up her originally high anxiety (relevent).
sessions vows to protect all deeply held religious bigotry
i said she’d have to make up that she was busy and then maybe invite the girls over to ours the next week.
new study finds humans experience greatest feelings of joy when pushing 'skip ad' button
so i guess ista) stole a mean guys wallet and spent his money to feed a few people.
teen learns the negligible value of a dollar
death results in great deal of paperwork
eventually, she invites me over to her house to eat dinner since shes lonely and her kids are at a friends house.
i came out and they were in full on make out mode.
i told him to not to be a smart ass, and that he should watch how he speaks to other men who might not be as understanding as me.
i've been in quite a few arguments with mods now, especially on /r/christianity.
this week i've been making scrambled eggs (american style), toast and avocado with -> fresh parsley <- sprinkled on top of the eggs.
mom not joking when she says she wants picture of grown kids in bath for old time's sake
aita for being angry with my wife for mistakenly causing our child to poke herself in the eye with a fork?
my wife and i bought a house last year.
she also told me a few times she thinks i'm really funny, so she definetly does like me too.
he knows his body will feel better once he drops the weight.
things went well for a while and she visited me now and then, nothing to scoff at since it was a 5 hour drive one way.
clinton credits nevada victory to inescapable, pitch-black tide of fate
when its his chore day i tell him that ill take over doing the office chores today like taking out the trash, and then when the trash piles up and he gets blamed ill say that i never said what i said.
she would give both dogs away if i don’t take care of the one i dislike.
aita for calling my teacher’s pregnant wife fat?
picky refugee just expects to be reunited with exact same family as before
i didn't have the right to say those things because they were super private (pregnancy scares, her trying to exchange sex for money with people, her unpositive opinions on people in our friend group).
i'm stuck there, sitting next to her, barely able to understand what everyone is talking about (although that has gotten better with my own self study).
i told him i wanted him to leave me alone, and he respected that for about a week.
aita for thinking i should not pay?
when i reached my car, he was nowhere to be found, which kind of pissed me off.
not long after i found out, i messaged her asking when she knew this was who she was.
older brother to attempt unmanned bike mission into ravine
today, we had a bell ringer on molecular electron shells, (electron dot structure, pi and sigma bonds, that kind of stuff) and she did quite poorly.
am i the asshole for ghosting her because she wouldn't put out on the first date.
8th grader (13m) here, the other student (12m) is in 7th.
maybe i'm just being petty because i'm going to be lonely tonight with my car being in the shop and her being with her mom.
i see that they’ve been posting couple pictures together for almost three years — i was a bit taken aback because i just thought they had just met and were casually dating.
ive been working on how to stick up for myself.
when someone ruins something you love, you get pissed off at them, right?
dress that would have forever altered course of woman's life patted, placed back on rack
i ended up leaving her on read because i was already nauseous and in pain due to the concussion and i didn’t need to deal with that on top of it.
so context: we work in a small office and i do the first part of a job, my colleague (we'll call her l) does the second, sends back to me for review then i send on to clients.
he kept saying the typical "i just think it's weird that..." and when i responded by saying that it was unfair of him to accuse me of being disloyal, he would say, "i'm not accusing you of anything, i'm just asking questions." questions like, "who messaged who first, and how did you exchange numbers?" "what do you talk about?" "what do you talk about?
fda launches food awareness month to get americans interested in eating
i tend to talk in a monotone but happy voice.
tl;dr: i couldn’t watch r rated movies until i was 17, now i get to choose if my 14 year old brother can see one, wibta if i said no?
every time we get an earthquake warning we get almost triggered because...
he told me that he’s got his last soccer game of the league’s season tomorrow night, and that he wouldn’t be able to do anything with me until after 10pm (i have school early thursday and would likely be asleep shortly after then anyways).
my husband is my best friend and my girls are my entire world.
romney's acceptance speech to avoid mentioning personal, professional, religious, political life
air force one pilot invites excited obama into cockpit
example: "however, a fourteen-year-old boy who wants to look at his five-year old sister’s genitals is not showing normal curiosity.
he had called the police even before getting out of the car and i think it took them less than 10 minutes to get there.
i told her that she needed to report it now.
de blasio pac spends $30 million on ads urging candidate not to embarrass self by running
edit bc apparently reddit doesnt do the whole \[link title\](link url) thing anymore.
david cameron to scottish people: 'i'll kill myself if you leave'
researchers discover details smaller than minutiae
i applied and was able to get in even though it was super expensive.
conscience quietly let go as paul ryan policy advisor
wibta if i gave my son's unwrapped christmas gift from his dad today?
friend asks if there any openings at job he constantly mocks
theater major has too long borne shakespeare teacher's blunt upbraidings, bitter scoffs
i think she deserves to know the truth, but i also think it could crush her at a time in her life where she is supposed to be the happiest.
annoying coworker insists on existing right in visual range
everyone in town hall debate audience has spouse who lost health insurance and is dying of cancer
because of this, i have sacrificed a lot of the things i used to do and stopped writing my novel in order to learn about videogames and participate.
i thought i parked a little off a few nights ago but was too lazy to check and see.
i firmly believe that the owner put the dog in a situation she was not comfortable with since she had previously told me the dog doesn’t do well with strangers.
greenland thinks it looks fat in mercator projection
i also told her i'd watch the baby on saturday so she can go out and get some food, drinks, a new hairstyle whatever she feels like.
aita for not tipping mandatory valet?
aita if i bring up my sisters eating habits/very overweight?
we assume after a few she’ll sober up and the night won’t be a total failure.
it’s so plain and boring to me and doesn’t sound like the person really messed up.
(she’s weird and i think she honestly has body issues and doesn’t like to be touched, which made for an interesting childhood experience).
he never yells so this was frightening for me and i text him to tell him he broke the door and i'll start packing my things tomorrow.
&nbsp;&nbsp; next morning, i'm feeling horny as hell.
study finds blame now fastest human reflex
i think she is rude, short tempered and quite frankly i think she is the total opposite of the total package.
trump vehemently denies using word 'people' to describe african immigrants
i was hanging out at one of my friends places with some other people about a week ago, and i got an idea.
\[3:58 pm\] me: i dont know what your deal is, or where this is coming from.
and it's not because i want to end it to be with the other woman, because she's in another country anyway.
construction union seeks to reduce incidence of accidents involving babies crawling on steel i-beams
i felt like he was starting to play mind games.
on a saturday we had an optional event where we went to brunch.
i should mention i was home visiting my hometown and was at my parents so my dad was sound asleep in his chair.
this bus stop must be near culinary school
[superga white hi tops]( &#x200b; i've gone through a few pairs, as i wear them every single day.
am i wrong for having no sympathy?
to preface, i'm vegan—i'm not preachy about it or anything, but my roommate is well aware of the fact.
aita for taking husband’s sex doll to the trash?
the problem is, one of my group members spent a long time designing nice-looking menus, game screens, etc.
she even snapped at my elvish friend for wanting to read inscriptions on the wall instead of fighting with the group.
alabama begins offering tax credit to attract more youtube fail compilations to be filmed in state
these are things i’m actively changing and am going to individual therapy to address.
nation's nutritionists confirm mini versions of food nummier
due to a work fuck up, he said he might not be able to pay for anything until his pay came through.
we don't have a choice if you have them or not.
my (soon to be ex?) wife and me have been in a relationship for 7 years.
my boyfriend hasn't fingered me yet or touched me down there.
obama proposes tax increase on meanest 2% of population
i don't have enough time between my church initiate status and my work to take on a full-time mod role, so i've been actively reporting rule-breaking posts in threads i read, as well as reporting some posts for personal reasons, including personal attack and disrespecting my faith.
(i am asking on behalf of my partner as she was the one yelling - and she asked me to ask here - but for all intents and purposes to keep it simple assume it was me) as i look out the lounge room window today i see a large caravan parked at the party house a couple of doors down.
i tempered this by recognizing that every kid has tantrums and this isn't specific to hers.
subsidiary publication recommends you see parent corporation's movie
report finds j. geils band's 'centerfold' will outlast you and all that you create in this life
biden loses control of butterfly knife during commencement speech
i said i felt disrespected because nothing was clear to me and this is becoming a hassle for my boyfriend.
he must have been going over 100 because he approached me very quickly.
that means, if i wanted to call in sick, i would have to know ahead of time, though given i tend to sleep and wake up late, it's usually too late, so i would still come in, but generally get to leave early because the manager would have to find someone.
&nbsp;&nbsp; last night we're having a party at tim's place, and erica is there.
new lover features 30 percent more cock
despite the agreement to do my work enthusiastically and with effort, because of the shit my dad said about my friend, i really didn't want to.
i enjoy planning and investing time and money into elaborate, crazy and extremely thoughtful gifts/events for my friends..
i am aware that most of these people think i am deadly allergic and i let them think that.
he accused me of being over dramatic about it and minimized my feelings.
in all fairness i am also pretty unorganized, but i definitely value cleanliness over both of them, and m is fine with out right messes, and because of this i end up doing 90% of the vacuuming and cleaning in the room.
within a couple hours my daughter texts me saying i need to pay for the damages so there rates don’t go up.
doctors recommend getting 8 centuries of cryosleep
i do admit that i shouldn’t have told those racist jokes, but i also can’t go back in time.
as i pack my suitcase, my mum comes to see how i’m doing and begins getting frustrated at how long i’m taking.
she is living with her parents and her 4 siblings about 1000 miles from where i am.
i’m a kid, and i care about respecting authority and maintaining academic integrity and success.
something about a cold or whatever, which fine, she gets sick really easily, but anyway she apologized and asked if i wanted to hang out tomorrow.
report: purchasing items from onion store most important way to either stop or help donald trump
while i did use the words blast and loudly which made everyone think im an ass in the original question, all 3 of my rooommates agree that it isnt a huge disturbance.
aita for asking my brother to wait to propose to his gf?
i've tried to initiate, but with little to no success.
the following school year (we had broken up) he started to struggle socially and lost a lot, if not all, of his close friends.
my friend is well aware that i practice mma.
would i be an asshole for pushing the issue?
aita for wanting my mom to break up with someone?
we've been really close and 2 years ago my 2 friends started to date, i, of course, kept being a friend and all.
kirstjen nielsen urges migrant parents leave the weak ones behind
it’s tuesday, new years, and he messaged me this morning offering to come over.
i don't like the idea of leaving my manager hanging on such a short notice, but i don't know how i'll be for this coming weekend.
i didn't confront my coworkers, i didn't flaunt it in front of them, i simply wore it and went to work as professionally as i could possibly be.
i slept with mike once and it was...
alex jones warns fans quitting his supplements cold turkey can lead to homosexuality, judaism
head in, it has been discussed that i can’t stand tattoos on loved ones.
i was really upset that i had to cancel because we rarely see each other now because we go to different colleges.
on my way home from work today my dad was driving me and told me that him and my mom were going to buy my sister's car off of her.
kfc, midas team up for much-anticipated crossover meal
now i live only 10-15 minutes walk away from s.
marco rubio still rock-hard days after being publicly humiliated on national stage
i am very(up until now) polite and respectful of this woman and give her way much more time out of my day than a tenant should to begin with.
i kind of yelled at her because i did a favour only to have it thrown back in my face and it's annoying how she constantly says she's trying her hardest to get a job but clearly even when other people try to get her a job she won't get it.
after a few months of trying to deal with the issue, it was finally brought up by one of the dm's to the couple.
alright, i feel pretty bad about this already but i’m posting it here for your thoughts.
the other parent and i are separated and they also want this change.
i have social anxiety and could not greet them.
cool 'cybergranny' needs machines to help her live
like ive never understood why people care if hes still providing the same level of love.
magazine says you have sex and the city fever
internal affairs investigator disappointed conspiracy doesn't go all the way to the top
now you might say that this is obviously super racist, but given the context of all the other things on the board, i thought it was extremely obvious that everything on there was written to be facetious.
don't waste my time" upon hearing the 3 words like "don't waste my time".
i expect it was quite expensive, as the trees were all massive.
financial planner advises shorter life span
following death of adam yauch, grieving china frees tibet
jaguar thought he deserved one because him and rodger worked on the same projects and had a similar length of tenure at the company.
report: you're actually saving money with roller rink membership
i enjoy it, it gives me a hobby to pass the time whilst the husband is working ungodly hours.
she is very opposed to that idea, and replied that us being in a different house would "kill the feeling of a family vacation." i don't understand that, since we would still meet up with them everyday and spend plenty of time together.
i really like taking videos & pictures of everything.
&nbsp;&nbsp; now i feel weird vis a vis of tim.
he told me that a position is opening up at his company, and i should apply.
you can skip to the tl;dr if the exposition is too long.
fun-loving turtle all business when it's feeding time
we wandered around before the bidding, looking at items.
i mean, we're 15 years old, calm down please.
i moved in with my aunt and uncle who i'm on good terms with, or so i thought, and they let me sleep on the air mattress in the gaming room on the top floor and eat their food, though i do try to buy myself meals as much as possible, but i will resort to sandwiches and oatmeal from their kitchen time to time.
houghton mifflin harcourt releases new leather-bound philip roth
gay man unaware he focus of thousands of prayers
report: 70% of trump endorsements made after staring at bedroom ceiling for 4 hours
at first, i wanted it to be 3d2n but they think that its too short and thus its 5d4n.
the asshole meta is neither common or uncommon.
i really am tempted to just tell her to go spend the holiday with her own family and i’ll see her afterward.
and then that day i cried because i didn’t want the world to hate me for some bitch’s lies.
trump honors sacrifices civil rights activists will have to make under his presidency
trump demands nato allies match u.s. commitment to prioritizing military spending over healthcare
cbs: l.a. doctors not some kind of joke
like in my opinion, if you want to drive like a maniac, go around me, that's fine, but don't interact with me as if i'm doing something wrong.
van morrison removed from rock and roll hall of fame following allegations he bet on album sales
but what makes me think i’m not an asshole is that i think that his childhood would just get worse the more lonely and unfulfilled i feel and that he’s better off with a more stable family.
secretary of education given something to do
tim robbins tired of being typecast as relatively tall characters
obama's declaration of swine flu emergency prompts pro-swine-flu republican response
me and my bf are pretty much a pretty solid relationship for a year and have never had any major arguments so i'd say we are a pretty solid couple, but i sometimes feel worried that he wouldn't stick up for me at times, say for example when his friend was somewhat being mean to me because he found me annoying.
beauty industry to consumers: 'you like short hair now'
i felt she had completely undone the work i had done.
after he told me this, there was an awkward silence for a while after.
hallmark debuts 1-square-inch father's day card with no room for writing anything
aita for giving out false information to idiots?
the thing is a couple people stuck there head out for me to get this job.
florida passes strict ban on being unarmed
she then pouts because in her words she “didn’t get to eat her whole meal” and she says it’s unfair if i try her food because she can’t try mine (she’s vegetarian and i always order meat).
man with backed-up shower drain enjoys luxurious foot soak
i hate losing, you beat me in a monopoly game and i won't quit until i win.
so i went got the pizza, came back to his place and ate it and left the rest.
should i have done the job just to cover till they found someone new?
i haven’t brought it up yet, but if it happens again, i probably will.
sorry for the formatting as i’m on mobile.
so this richard-head is talking about selling adderall to gamers, but claims not to do it much, but within a week later he is talking about getting some and wants to give my friend some.
biblical scholars find evidence church covered up for 3 wise men who molested baby jesus
heroic police officer talks man down from edge of purchasing subway footlong sweet onion chicken teriyaki
also they stress me out so much i cant remember any details if i don't write it down and it helps me calm down.
i called the company and questioned them on why the hell they would send a tech out so late.
the food was just like surprise bitch i’m nasty.
our cat pees on our furniture about twice a week.
i spent the next 4 or 5 hours making a resource management based card game basically entirely in photoshop.
but obviously that's not why i'm here.
i jumped in the car without even putting on my shoes and headed down the street.
area man knows exactly which relatives would be problem if he ever came into money
that was just escalating the argument and poor parenting”.
in short, they are a pain in the ass.
i texted him today asking what we were going to for our anniversary tomorrow, as he’d mentioned doing a picnic/making me dinner etc, but said we’d definitely end up doing something even if it was just a walk through a local park.
report: you to learn names of 3 reprehensible public officials this week
- its not even the number of dogs that gets me.
my buddy, just back from the toilet, watches all this unfold and has no idea what has happened.
this has been an issue between the 2 of us since the beginning, and kris always complained that i wouldn't let her in, since i'm not much for talking.
it’s been going on for about 3 months now without anyone noticing, am i the asshole or is this what this old hag deserved in her final days.
vp meyer shocked to hear about chinese international space prison
neither of us could exit the airport because we had no indian visas.
pitbull mix only bites off half of toddler's face
the issue is, i'm confused because i don't know wtf they're supposed to have done for me.
fast forward to lunch (yes, i am in high school) and they guy she was interested in sits down with me.
he said: "it's depressing how bad my parents are".
like for example, i was hanging out with a childhood friend of mine who is a guy and he said "have fun on your date.
drunk american in england still not used to driving on left sidewalk
i found out that her boyfriend might have been involved in a high-profile rape case, a pretty major thing.
in comparison, it hurt to learn that my current bf doesn't feel that way.
justin and i met in physics class, our last names start with the same letter so we got assigned seats next to each other.
poll finds many voters would support equally unlikable third-party candidate
thank you all for giving your perspective.
“how come you don’t treat me like a stranger if you seem to respect them more?” he immediately turned back to the house, and we argued a little bit more on as to how it was not a funny thing to do.
aita for walking away from the pharmacy counter?
tl;dr we both have issues, boyfriend wants to stay together despite my issues, aita for getting upset that he won't support me with working on my issues the same way i support him with his issues?
so i ended up talking to her, and she made me promise not to do "anything stupid", i promised.**)** in the course of summer, we spent a week together(, all three of us).
&#x200b; i was a little drunk because we had been hitting wineries all day.
we known each other for about 8 months and have started dating each other for about 1 month.
suborbital ballistic-propulsion engineer not exactly a rocket scientist
i want to put it that way so she knows it's in her best interest and that i'm by no means embarrassed by her(although the teeth are not exactly a wonder to look at).
college freshman decides to be lanyard-wearing kind
edit 3: i said sorry to my dad and offered him to go to a soccer match with me next week.
he knows since the beginning that i'm gay, but still sends me shirtless pics on snap 8.
handcuffing one limb at a time.
plastic bag still up in tree
i never would intentionally do this and i want to resolve it - but i honestly don’t understand what i’m doing that could have such a huge effect.
aita for eating sushi in front of my pregnant wife?
my friend and i are in shock, and start discussing it.
we were having fun shooting some handmade targets when he started talking about my girlfriend.
so i was real sick of them not taking my illness seriously.
tl:dr female friend start streaming years after me and is more successful even though less effort was put in.
that was really hard when she asked me if i had any protection she could borrow, and i had to say no.
can of soda in freezer realizing owner never coming back for it
i think i should be able to look past it, but i just don't seem to be able to.
context --- me: 20 m her: 18 f met a girl in a bar and we hit it off.
i began to drive through the intersection (same direction as the pedestrians crossing with the crossing guard) and a woman walking dogs proceeds in front of my vehicle and then starts yelling at me for going and almost hitting her.
maybe some time next week or the week after.
when she didn’t do it the same as me, i asked her to sit down and let me do it.
that night my husband and i fought because he told me i was out of line for calling him and his friends immature and pathetic and that if i didn't like their jokes i could've just walked on further ahead.
pringles level at six inches and falling
she stopped going to the gym and she started eating a lot more fatty foods.
day spent on internet comes full circle
she has recently been complaining about how stressed she is and how she needs a break.
which is an entire other drama filled tale^^.
going to tops of things still favored by nation's tourists
it may get a little cringey since its high school stuff but nevertheless i will continue.
churchgoer tips god for excellent week
sitcom characters still in shock after christmas episode proves existence of santa claus
she responded that she was going to be getting off early on wednesday and we should go out after.
had sex with a guy who she knew i didn't like at all.
down the road, some drama happened between us where she broke up with her boyfriend and i got excited by the opportunity to jump in (disregarding my no work romance philosophy), but kept my distance so she had time to be emotionally available.
&#x200b; edit two: i also think it's important to mention that her actual nurse said we don't need condoms on birth control if we are both std free, so we didn't use them.
everybody got his "kinks" which could be seen as pervert to other people.
man's area code provides exciting glimpse at past life
again, i love this woman to death.
personally, i think i did the right thing.
i had given everyone a days notice via snapchat and she just decides that she can't be bothered.
i will be attending my sos workplace award night, one of the other wives is head of one of the major "fast fashion" (cheap clothing with new styles hitting the store every week) womens clothing chains in australia.
aita when i encounter other assholes with great frequency?
advertising manager working hard to teach son value of an impression
cobweb-covered skeleton gripping senate desk expected to seek 15th term
asia, not understanding or caring, just started slamming shit down on the table.
singing, dancing man just getting started
should i have not told him?
so i ask pablo to get my stuff back for me on several occasions to which he just glosses over and basically forgets my request.
so well i now refer to him as a brainless monkey because of his actions.
i ask for a separate tab.
&#x200b; for the holidays i was blessed with the opportunity to have the house all to myself for a week.
it’s not something to laugh at, but we all knew he wasn’t being serious.
for me it was quite weird that she wanted to hang out with me so much so i asked her if she was into me in december.
i was not 100% open about feeling depressed at this point, because hey guess what, baring your soul is really difficult.
so my friend john and i were in his back yard messing around with a air soft pistol.
my daughters teacher messaged me asking why she didn’t have a jacket coming to school.
apathy outpacing lust as leading u.s. state of mind
pbs defends 'arthur' episode where mr. ratburn reveals he's the ultimate twink power bottom
panicked man looking for son stressing everybody out
like 3 copies of minecraft, 3 copies of starwars, a ps4, fucking gtav, and a 200usd xbox elite controller.
the phone, containing all of his vacation pictures etc is broken and now he wants me to pay for a new phone and a hard drive restoration to recover his pictures since he didn't save them anywhere else.
sci-fi film presents vision of future in which women never speak to each other
for-profit college hastily designs diploma for student on verge of actually graduating
he responds by turning around and hitting me with the crutch.
and so i was bitter about it and she said that she didn't realize i was still holding that against her after two years.
the kind stuff you would probably hear from a pick-up artist today, that generally mostly work on emotionally damaged girls but i more or less naturally picked up over the years from my own experience.
i just have less empathy for adults and i sometimes find slight humor and interest in watching murders.
anyways, enough of the back story.
she paid to get it fixed herself but i think that's not the same thing.
queen elizabeth ii to wed longtime partner following passage of gay marriage bill
their jobs are absolutely fine but i just make more because it's software and i've worked really hard to get there.
i told them that they were annoying and that they were bringing the servers atmosphere down.
man already has whole sentence lined up for later in conversation
r just moved in at the start of the fall term while i’ve been in he house for a few years.
dr. scholl's introduces new cartilage inserts for all-day knee pain relief
aita if i want my ex to take my daughter's bedroom door away?
he said he couldn't wait to get it home.
she had nail appointment on friday at 6pm so she got up and went to nail appointment to get her nails done.
some are saying i've gone too far.
she was very hurt that i even asked, and refused.
everyone proud of grandma for staying awake
also, i reminded them that their own mother agreed that they should stay in state for the lower tuition.
&#x200b; if the kid got famous or became rich in the future i wouldn't come out of the woodworks and claim it because i don't see it as my child.
rockin' party dude strongly recommends additional drinking
anyways they ultimately broke up because he suspected she was cheating due to rumors about a party where she reportedly danced and kissed some guy.
i don’t care for you to ‘defend’.
aita for exposing my classmates phone numbers and offend then on the internet?
bored iowa town trying to convince kirsten gillibrand it local tradition to eat live tarantula
the girl informed me that a representative of the charity had come down claiming the chair was stolen while joe was on shift and had solicited a 5 euro donation from him as restitution.
so she didn't leave when my sister woke her and yelled at her to get out.
i know it is weird, but really, why do you feel the need to add metal glitter to your body?
again, thank you guys for all the inputs.
new employee has never known decadent pleasures of old office
so i pushed her out of the car, drove forward a little bit so she couldn't scramble back in, and tossed her purse out a little further up.
icy cave at peak of andes mountains now sole remaining place on earth where you can escape this
it may turn out that i clearly attempted to sabotage her project, but it was out of the need and self-interest of securing myself a job from my summer internship in a good company and to enjoy my last 7-8 months before shitty corporate life.
former marine to watch lots of tv
then they said they’re taking two gap years to travel around and explore themselves.
now nobody outside my little friend circle even talks to me and they frequently say shit about me when i'm not near them.
throwaway account - my husband (31m) has tourette syndrome (ts) ([link, in case you don't know what it is]( and we’ve been together 12 years now, so i’ve seen how much it controls his life, and his is a mild case.
no sarcasm involved obviously and i genuinely felt happy when he did well.
alex jones pleads with sandy hook parents to imagine pain an expensive lawsuit would cause him
aita for cussing out a bitchy classmate?
breaking: america's white population plummets to 2.7% after trump caves on immigration enforcement
about a week into my start as delivery boy, my coworker mentioned that i needed to stop leaving empty water bottles in the truck (it's been hot so i buy cold water).
i live in the northeast and it's very cold outside right now.
father-in-law think tank issues comprehensive one-sentence solution to immigration, unemployment, crime problems
man with food in beard saying something about climate change
i don't intend to take advantage of this again, assuming the bug is linked to my account or something.
new, improved olean 30 percent less likely to make you shit in your pants
she has talked about getting a tattoo in the past and i've heard about a dozen she has "wanted for a long time" but this is the first i've heard of this one.
all a could come up with was “it’s in the past”.
before you tell me to break up, the last ~6 mo of our relationship has been heavily strained.
tbh i could try to find someone else to hook up with in future that doesn't piss him off.
the attempt backfired, as i am now well aware of
i found out and kicked her out of my house.
i think it may have helped him in the long run -- he definitely needed serious help -- but i am conflicted here: the last time i spoke to him, he was upset with me that i abandoned him in 'those' woods (apparently they weren't the one he wanted to be abandoned in when we reached that agreement, but we never touched upon that so how could i know).
americans hopeful this will be last mass shooting before they stop on their own for no reason
the next morning when she realized what had happened they had a big fight and we heard the whole thing.
prince harry gets old suit tailored to wear to wedding
congressional aides withholding sex until budget compromise is reached
needless to say, a number of my friends did not have a good impression of her that night.
scientific american somehow makes woman feel bad about her body
this is particular to those people who have trouble admitting their flaws.
i was stressed about facing academic consequences, but now i also had to worry about receiving one of her 20 minute solo scream-sessions in class.
one of the very first guys i started talking to was this slightly nerdy, sweet guy that i was really enjoying talking to.
i was a bit shaken, and henry pulled me to my feet and asked if i was ok.
where we were eating, pictures, etc.
more than anything, i'm just frustrated about how disrespectful he was in that second conversation.
it was horrible to see him suffer so much over this ‘egocentric’ pursuit of mine.
light beer healthiest food option at stadium
but, they do get cleaned off periodically.
so ever since i started my period it has been incredibly irregular (i can go up to 5 months without one).
scientists theorize sun could support fire-based life
it started to escalate and he started throwing in some low blows that really pissed me off.
aita for always giving uber drivers 4 stars?
new study finds humans could lose vestigial heads in less than 100 years
to me, it seems like a miserable existence.
realizing i have no claim to the mower (no service records or proof of ownership) i made a plan to regain the mower myself.
nasa says presence of diving board on mars confirms planet may have once contained water
&#x200b; i would love some input on what i might have did wrong or is there something that i am not seeing?
i've always loved dogs and always had dogs, and my dog that i have now is my best bud.
i stopped helping her, stopped holding the door, saying hello (which pisses her off - i hear how she grumbles about "young people having no respect" when i don't greet her), and other common courtesy.
since my parents are not in the country, they sent the invitation to me, telling me that i should go.
björk spotted leaving nightclub with mysterious firefly trapped inside bubble
my girlfriend has started talking to him again and he is reaching out to forgive us again but i think we need to distance ourselves from his controlling behaviours.
aita for asking my boyfriend to continue giving me head?
a gay friend, who i'm very good friends with, offered me a blowjob and since i was single and horny at the time i said ok.
am i being an asshole here?
methadone clinic must be having some sort of big party
i leave plenty of food, water, talk radio, and and open window for him.
i told her i didn't like her going to pride as if she's gay, being around gay females who will assume she's gay when she comes home to straight relationship.
we always hung out and did a bunch of after school programs and shit together.
i am mean to everyone, rich or poor, white or black, happy or depressed, i will textually abuse you to no end, despite anything, because i'm an asshole, but i'm an equal opportunity asshole, so i think i'm more of a decent person than usual redditors who will only talk relentless remorseless shit about people who their group deems should be demonized, and then be all pissy and defensive if anyone talks shit about their group or people they defend.
by this point, i was asleep and had been for a couple of hours, so i didn't get any of b's calls.
quick scan of room confirms area man once again sweatiest person present
i understand the home is a "sacred place", but i'm the one who cleans a vast majority of anything relating to my girlfriend in that house anyways.
putin starts off morning by sitting down to write the day's news
is he the asshole to not only learn cantonese, but then surprise me and my family with it without consulting me?
i think i was drunk during the video call so that's why i don't remember it well.
guillermo del toro: 'in today's society, the true monsters are the horrifying, flesh-eating gargoyles'
one woman who claimed to be a full time nail technician is actually unemployed and lives with her parents.
- same room doesn't mean same bed.
trump pours milk over bowl of skittles while settling in to watch comey hearing
i convince ivanna that not all muslims are terrorists and not all muslim immigrants to europe are scumbag criminals and rapists and if you ever knew a muslim, most of them are just normal people like us.
i had done so much to keep a good track record with her.
because of this she was cackling loudly.
i told her i liked her outfit, and complemented her hair.
when my son runs back round to where she is again she tries saying something defending herself to the other mums.
i do let her have a treat every week because i don’t want to completely make her miss out and i don’t think a small treat once in a while is gonna be harmful to her.
when she stays the night at my house i make sure my son is staying somewhere else, either over a friends, or over my brother's house.
they didn’t have none of my shit and proceeded to criticize me about not understanding how a girls body works, how period pains were the worst feeling in the world and how insensitive i was.
**agent** i understand why you are upset, i would be the same if i were on your shoes.
aita for being intentionally obtuse about my allergy?
tl;dr- found a porn video of a girl from work, told a friend, he told someone else and then it spread.
once-cute cerebral palsy poster child now awkward cerebral palsy teen
god confirms whitey bulger sent to hell for snitching
it started maybe a week ago, i had heard that this sophomore at my high school, lets call him beef, had a fuck load of pot in his locker to sell.
so, would i be an asshole to call out suspected disingenuous pan-handlers begging in a crowd?
last night i had sex with someone then cried, and i messaged my ex and told him what happened.
we chat for about an hour before lunch is beginning to be laid out on the table.
just to clarify, the reason she didn't want to go is because she doesn't want to deal with people and try and keep kids behaving by herself.
shes arguing against it and keeps saying that i shouldn't spend money on stuff that i'm not willing to lose permanently, and keeps trying to guilt trip me by saying she doesn't care if i keep the stuff shes gotten me over the years.
she did apologize for the mistake and tried to go get towels.
jaded seismologist can no longer feel anything under 7.0 on richter scale
i've just found it damn convenient that no one asks follow-up questions or tries to talk me into attending.
her bf isn't home so we just chill.
john roberts delivers finishing blow to stephen breyer to defend title of chief justice
tldr- am i the asshole for not being comfortable with my gf going to a concert alone with a single dude she met 4 months ago?
today, we had a conversation over text that was very strange for us as we are both very mature, we don't normally get angry with each other, and if we do its very brief and we tend work out our issues very well.
she said, "i was working at the club at a party [back in july] and offered you a drink.
should i suck it up and go, even tho i might throw up walking up the stairs to her house, or can i tell her i'm hungover and i dont wanna go out anymore?
we talk about her finally figuring out she can't eat gluten "all of the time".
i felt sooooooo guilty for snooping.
she went on this whole thing about how she's "able to love multiple people, and that sleeping with others while being in love doesn't mean she feels any different".
(kda) i told my friend that i was finding myself really liking that song, but the parts in english where they have a very strong accent throw me off and make me kind of annoyed.
i have no issues with children in general, i just don't have a lot of experience with them.
i asked her if we can have a word.
man from canada acts like he's not cold
slightly larger chair shifts delicate balance of office power
i have an older brother, younger sister and a best friend and they don't know shit.
this was the first time in my life that i was in a position like this and for reasons i can't really explain it was and i guess still is important to me that i was giving a friend a good deal.
obama begins inauguration festivities with ceremonial drone flyover
when i mean obsessive i don't mean like oh he knows where she lives and is always jealous.
we called for 3 hours trying to solve it, and at the end we finished it by my friend telling me to work out part 4 and 5, and check his first draft of 1.
brad pitt called before congress to testify about bicep regimen
bear emerges from hibernation refreshed and ready to kill
she originally planned to breast feed, but has suddenly decided that she doesn't even want to try, even though it's healthier for our baby.
now that i’m older, and have actually seen those movies, i totally understand my parent’s reasoning.
devotees visit ihop to get foreheads marked with syrup cross on national pancake day
and by extension, i totally understand when there are situations where you made a significantly large order and its gonna take time to prepare.
i was upset.** i am using a throwaway for privacy reasons.
however, she had a fever of 102.5 yesterday, and my mom is immuno compromised due to her ra (remathoid arthritis or something, idk the first words spelling).
the only “work” i did was helping with mom’s business (remote work maybe a couple times a week for less than an hour) so not to feel like a complete slacker that i was.
trump vows extensive search to find new dhs director with ideal personality disorders
me: well what did you mean then?
**set-up and dynamics** well, it’s been a semester.
ken burns completes documentary about fucking liars who claimed they watched entire 'jazz' series
or aita for even making the joke in the first place?
aita for breaking my fucking neighbor's windshield because i was acting like a moron?
it's been about a month since and he hadn't talked to her yet.
i asked if she was still down to hang out.
i’ve considered myself single every since that day and i’ve been going on dates with this guy.
edit 2: she called me and i didn't answer, but i did text her and tell her that i needed to consider if this wedding was going to happens and not to call me back.
they almost assume "straight and cis" people don't get to have a choice in who they're attracted to.
watching thousands march in his honor unlocks deeper, darker corner of trump's psyche
henry is actively trying to hang out with patrick and even when he knows it makes me sad and distrustful of him, continues to accuse me of being unreasonable (without me even asking him anything!) and saying how i "have to respect" his choices or whatever.
i know its really some small issue but i don’t like how she thinks thats just a mistake.
shit happens while i'm in the army and get entry seperation, and i returned home june 1st.
also, to those of you saying she could have been murdered or kidnapped, lets be real.
area 8-year-old formally rescinds hunger complaint following mother's insulting banana offer
for example i said "well maybe if i didn't buy you your necklace and ring i could afford to keep it going" (recently got engaged i proposed using a ring and necklace) she came back with "maybe if you didn't buy your motorcycle money wouldn't be tight right now" which is unfair in my opinion considering i traded my previous car to the seller of the bike so i only had to pay $150 for the bike.
since you couldn't make it to his party.
my plan was to initiate one last time and rig it so that we both get caught.
seedless watermelon coming to grips with fact it'll never be able to have kids
then there's also the fact that i doubt my sister can care for the dog properly.
laptop gets to age when it can be lightly tossed sometimes
and this is just the tip of the ice berg with her.
only time employee has ever done job is when training replacement
we honestly had a blast, it made me think of all the good times we had together...
all the moral questions and doubts and what-ifs and holy shits were flooding my mind at once.
i never exposed the affair directly but i said this family has secrets nobody will admit.
he has dragged her in the courts for over a year now because he refuses to plead guilty.
moron stepfather takes care of child who doesn't have his genetic material
** i have antisocial personality disorder.
for some reason, this irritated me.
towards the end of the semester, i was figuring my grade was borderline between a b and an a and that i may have to take the optional final to bump it up.
my father regularly takes me to this place for my own good.
i expect christmas cards.” i don’t think she wanted to talk to me anymore that, because a few minutes later, she said, “i’m gonna head out, good seeing you.” narrator: “it was not good seeing him.” i called her earlier this morning to check in on her, but she didn’t pick up.
for those about to call me bitter, you weren't there when my son cried because his dad got him nothing.
buchanan reveals thousands of americans made in china
young girl provides home for stray bullet
so there’s no reason it’d take that long.
aita for wanting to have a baby with my husband while we go through couples counseling?
(agreed i could be exaggerating but i hate from the bottom of my heart) and i am the kind of person who can't just be nice to people on their face when i don't like them.
it kind of sweet ceo thinks he doing good job
historians say it still a mystery how people in ancient times didn't just go crazy and kill themselves
bashar al-assad shares laugh with military leaders over time he once wanted to be a doctor and help people
i had already modified myself pretty significantly before but with mixed signals.
obama caught trying to jump white house fence
i especially singled out the marx and class related posters, since i'm fiercely anti-communist, and actually got rather upset that they would allow this stuff here.
i was conveying that it would be a bad thing for me.
to me, it gets annoying because i'm trying to get my own stuff done so i can move out.
this was days in advance so it’s not like my friend(?) can’t find a ride or use a rideshare service.
bitcoin dropped and he hasn't been keeping up to date on payments to me and i am still covering the kids extra expenses completely even when he says he will help.
members of u2 to stare in different directions
then, at the end of the school year; my parents decided they'd like to finish my education by homeschooling me.
not to mention i think what he is asking for is for kids, and he is in his mid 20’s.
by not showing up he disrespected me (again) and ruined my party.
it is certainly the case that your daughters will experience emotional and sexual trauma from doing this.
after a long discussion we discovered that he's probably asexual, and that he just feels no urge for sex at all, to the point that it feels like a chore for him.
i’ll only use the touchscreen and speed buttons, don’t touch the handles, etc.
their ages are 3 and 1 with the other being born in early 2019 and another being born 2 years after that in 2021 if all things go to plan.
they did nothing, didn't even come out to investigate.
maybe i’m just too emotional about it, but i would have liked growing up celebrating my mother’s birthday.
the struggle with him accepting my other partner continued.
hbo film reveals liberace was good friends with gay men
he said that he was there for a while trying to get in but the number is wrong.
i went with her to the bathroom where she puked.
breaking: drunk teen going 100 mph down slick highway is invincible
wibta (f25) for forcing other bridesmaid to buy more expensive dress?
aita for no longer wanting to be friends with this guy.
there's been a few times he would stay back late to finish off work, and i understand working in his field that once his mind is in it it's best to just keep working.
my mother called me an asshole and told me i have no right to do that.
i explained to her that we had been able to control the smoke for a whole year, and she hadn't noticed.
i pushed on his front door and it opened.
it's 3am and i'm currently downstairs on the sofa so you can guess how this one panned out.
i'm very, reasonably, nervous for this and he has been giving me tips and information on everything that happened when he interviewed there.
man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation he's ever received
so during one of my fap sessions while browsing through the blonde amateurs sections i was shocked to find a video of a girl from my office.
also, her parents helped to get a ticket for her to come with us.
case in point: we went out for lunch today for my partner's birthday; me, my partner, our baby, my mil and fil and sil.
cocaine dealer most upstanding guy wall street broker knows
i just figured it wasn't fair to her to go into the date knowing i wasn't ok with the distance.
looking back, i really wish i hadn't so i could recall see what i wrote.
&#x200b; me and my 2 friends sit at the table right next to her and her friend kayla, sometimes accompanied by up to 3 other people, but they are irrelevant to this.
for one her spanish sounds stupid to me, and even though i am bilingual i have to stop for a second and really try to piece together what she is saying.
after a number of beers, i was standing off to the side looking into the crowd aimlessly until i saw a girl that i based on her figure, i assumed she was pregnant.
sudden burst of confidence not sure where the hell it came from either
ira, hamas sweep 1990 bombie awards
she jokingly said i'll have to wait many months before that's possible.
i’ve gone from living paycheck to paycheck, to having an account that continues to grow.
all three of us have specialized housing as a part of a local program.
they also usually supply snacks, although others bring some to share as well.
my first inkling that me and his coworker wouldn’t be lifelong besties was when she didn’t know who ted bundy was.
what she said does have some merit, so i'll provide two perspectives to see this situation from, mine and mrs.
mccain refusing to tell voters what's in box unless elected
move to houseboat regretted by third day
cancelling dates, not being where he said he was supposed to be, not being at his apartment, not ever having his phone with him, turning off findmyfriends unexpectedly on and on.
he says there is no need, he unzips his pants lets his dick flop out and then zips them right back up without ever touching anything.
democratic congressman protests trump's environmental policies by bringing endangered red wolf to state of the union as guest
i was excited to call and learn and finally end was causing me so much frustration.
i reviewed with her on test days during the dinner hour, tested her on vocab before the quiz, helped her on her homework, etc.
frustrated with her prodding, i told her the truth - i was going out to see my boyfriend, and i had been hesitant to tell her about him because he was black.
michael jackson estate questions why accusers only coming forward steadily since early 1990s
celebrity killed in mid-air 747 collision
aita for telling my opinion let me do a tldr: because its really a long story.
anyways, i told them to help me get to somewhere safe and private, help me take my meds and let me sleep for around 15 minutes before trying to wake me up.
dead daughter would have wanted $220 million liability settlement
i told my boss that hes been coming in late everyday, which is mostly true but everyone does it.
area film buff wondering what pauline kael would say about cookie's fortune
company commits to hiring more bengal tigers in effort to improve office biodiversity
so she started caring less, as dumb as i was, even i saw this coming.
aita if i don’t conserve/hide my poop and fart sounds at the university bathroom?
about three hours later, she finally texts back that she thought we were just friends hanging out and that she doesn't want a relationship because things could get awkward next semester.
i want to start off with saying that i know it's not a proper thing to do.
my dad absolutely riddled by this explanation: w-no?
i said i was sorry to hear that and kept working and being as nice as possible to the regulars whom wanted to chat or needed battery powered heaters and basic necessity.
i took their pictures for halloween.
on one occasion we were looking up some tourist sites online and some art thing we found was in french only.
in any case, it didn't do any good.
my friend and i go to work in another area for a different leg muscle.
nation suddenly feels old after seeing nick-at-nite lineup
i am the kind of person who is mildly (ok, maybe mildly is putting it lightly) bothered when people are on their phones during movies and stuff like that (although not to the point of anger or anything, i just don't like it).
8th grader caked in makeup probably really confident
eric trump hooks donald jr. up to xbox, ipad, roomba to practice passing polygraph test
despite me doing exactly what they asked?
2024 financial collapse passes house 258-159
i can't really judge my roommate on his sleep schedule, but then again i am playing it during non quiet hours.
campus tour guide just needs to make stop to change out laundry really quick
chicago's annual homicide drive off to most promising start in decades
ted cruz provides detailed response to moderator's question about why his face so fucking infuriating
applebee's introduces new 50 appetizers for $250 special
last line of obama's military force request briefly mentions possibility of 25-year quagmire
&#x200b; now, all my life, this game, i hate playing it because i always get so frustrated because if there's a question i know, and someone else knows it.
am i the asshole for demanding an apology?
clinton debunks rumors about health by telling audience exact day she will die
steve bannon's inflamed liver pulsing visibly through shirt during strategy meeting
congressman knows regular lobbyist's order without even having to be told
but in my defence, i never intended the letter to be read infront of people.
i was excused to go to the nurse’s clinic, nothing serious, just put an ice pack.
i was like,,,,, “what???” i was so confused, like that doesn’t even make sense.
health scare prompts man to start overeating healthier
before i turned off my phone she wrote that we need to talk and sort things out.
and no, she’s not a bitch, she’s not a thot, she’s actually really nice.
she proceeded to tell me “i can’t be running after children.” and i told her she needs to at least check where he is exactly so we know he’s safe.
she says i’m crazy and nobody else would interpret those texts like i did.
i don't mind driving but sometimes i want to feel like the girl and be picked up and driven around instead of the other way around.
my supervisor have been giving me overtime now every weekend to help him do some maintenance which gives me double pay that day for a few months now.
she was getting frustrated he didn't initiate any kind of sexual interactions yet.
tabloid reveals pete davidson, kate beckinsale only dating as pr stunt to promote new york rangers
my friends say i am an asshole for sabotaging someone else for basically doing what i was also doing.
softball team unsure of how to console jackass captain who just struck out
entry involves a physical, mental and psych test and you are scored on each.
she has a lot of friends, both male and female, and is quite the extrovert.
she feels i betrayed her, but i'm not sure i did.
&#x200b; soon the landlord came for the pay, and i asked him if the lady is even sane and should i bother about her?
but i all fairness i did really give her the impression that i wanted to go out earlier that day but i just changed my mind and came to the realisation that i probably don't want to go to the same places as her anymore (because of our music tastes, rnb/rap/ club music is not for me) so was i being an asshole for just changing my mind last minute?
i'm just so concerned about her because i'm afraid she's hurting herself by making choices like this.
like most people my age, i only have a few good friends and most of them work or live quite a ways from here.
my roommate and i were pretty annoyed with it so i jokingly said “well then i won’t use your right pronouns until you use my right name” (which i personally think is fair, but it may not be) river’s rude behavior has caused us to grow apart, even though she’s really clingy and calls me and my roommate her best friends all the time.
internal weakness openly shared with coworkers
then, in a local chatroom, i met samantha.
ella is working on renovating her home and it's a big shitty experience so i didn't bother asking her for any wedding help.
man wearing m&m jacket apparently made in god's image
however, now that we're getting more serious and im getting to know her as sort of a pseudo girlfriend, i am starting to look at her a different way.
now, my roommate has been sick for...
idf soldier recounts harrowing, heroic war story of killing 8-month-old child
tl;dr: mom offered to help a needy family last year, this year they brought her a prepared list of stuff they wanted expecting her to do it again and it left a bad taste in my mouth, but maybe i’m just jelly?
area man's bathroom a monument to ongoing war against his own disgusting body
&#x200b; ( where i started being petty ) i was pissed as hell that he never texted me back or even wanted to make sure i was okay.
man taking photo with ipad oblivious to how badass he looks
i know my mother would never do that and she was outraged that my fiancee would accuse her of being a poor parent.
the girl (x) came to the bars to meet with my friend (n).
we had team practices regularly where we were supposed to learn and get better together.
that was like 2 years after the breakup.
i appreciate that he was making dinner, but nobody asked him to, it was his choice, i could have made something else instead, so while im gratefull, ill not suck his dick because of that".
this was passed down to me by my father.
rescuers heroically help beached garbage back into ocean
it seems to be becoming more of a problem though, one that could seriously hurt our relationship.
now this is the part where it got really weird.
we stopped talking at that point, two weeks later i send her a text saying i had a birthday gift for her and that i'd like to be able to arrange something to get it to her, but she never responds.
1 friend (h) pays deposit, rest of months rent, current month's rent, and some household necessities.
n actually called her 2 times during our sex and she is convinced i hit ignore on the calls because she was still barely conscious when he called.
report: guy on bench going to town on meatball sub
surgeon general recommends twisting head far enough until you hear little pop
after that she said things like not deserving to work, and just accepting it.
after posting some photos of both my daily driver, and my race car, taken by a semi-pro photographer friend over the past few weeks, a started giving me some flak for not using b’s instagram account.
the reasoning they gave was that they wanted it to be only people from our university class (my boyfriend was also a student, but different major).
she got an uber home with one our friends that had to work in the morning.
is it really such a big deal to share food or were my brother and grandma overreacting?
half-asleep man pauses 20 minutes between socks
otherwise, i'd constantly be tapping the breaks.
btw: i'm using a throwaway because he also goes on reddit.
i guess that’s where the majority of complaints came from.
its not quite as fast as i want it but it looks amazing and the sound system is seriously as good as it can be.
notice how i said i was ‘trying’ to get in contact with my dad - being that he’d lost his phone and hasn’t been able to call me (didn’t know my phone number).
rick moranis to star in straight-to-video release honey, i shrunk some more shit
let me know what you think.
i feel like she's not at fault because the human mind can be weird sometimes, along with her obvious mental problems.
nation's baby boomers hold press conference to announce they all have diseases now
having a text conversation with him is nearly impossible and incredibly frustrating.
i will point out that we do keep a clean house, i come home from work most nights and tackle either dishes or laundry, and we pick up the clutter and vacuum pretty regularly.
congress adds 'all your base are belong to us' amendment to bankruptcy bill
ugly man with huge penis unsure how to get the word out
she gave me a chat time out for two minutes.
steve bannon slurps still-twitching tail into mouth before giving opinion on syria
i was incredibly close with both of them.
couple wouldn't have stayed in loveless marriage if they knew that's how kid would turn out
my son, 15, has had his cat (spacey) for 7 years.
from that day on, she despised the ground i walked on.
i love all my kids very much, i would die for each of them right now.
i've been trying to convince my mom to but she won't listen to me.
that saturday night i had a few friends over (one of them has had her in the past, another one has the same italian class as i, and my last friend has never had this teacher).
he told me that he doesn't want to talk to me anymore and said that our friendship is over.
rudy giuliani calls in to talk show he already on to deny what he just said
it was mostly pretty ridiculous stuff, like that spider porn video and shit like that, until i spotted it: in the chat d had posted a picture of "lolicon" hentai (drawn child porn for those who don't know).
so the next time i saw him with his “friend”, i asked him later if they were dating and he said yes.
im typically a semi-high achieving student, gpa a low 3.8.
defiant evangelicals branch off into new 'first molestist' sub-denomination
time magazine just six months from big cocktail-nation-craze story
she pestered me about it for weeks until i caved and went with her.
aita because i was honest with my wife about feelings i had developed for someone else?
but she is a very jealous person and i dont think she would approve of the walking.
mta reminds new yorkers they can fucking walk
they asked "why is it so hard to believe that dogs need meat?" and i said that not all dogs necessarily need meat.
military recruiter doesn't have to dig too far into bag of tricks to land this one
we've been on and off flirting or in love for most of the time.
aita for telling my gf about my mental health / sexual issues?
she has season tix to an nfl team they bought, and i guess she can't go to the game....so she's trying to sell them to us for $250.
i do to some extent, love the baby, but i know that's not enough, we don't have the money or the resources.
i thought he was going to wet himself laughing.
new porno worth checking out even for people who aren't familiar with 5 guys jerking off on single pair of tits
i was the one driving, and it was my vehicle.
my father tends to favor my brother a little whenever he comes over.
am i an asshole for smoking joints on the sidewalk in a quiet suburb?
am i the the asshole for having refused to sign the name change application during a year or two and not wanting to sign it until she gets older?
authorities warn denver residents in direct path of 2037 hurricane alba
but then the friend who ordered the expensive meal suggested we still go dutch (on the drinks and dessert), but we don't go dutch on the meals, and split the €25 between the three of us.
this is where the incident begins.
aita for abandoning my boyfriend on a date we had planned for months?
new desk chair a boring dream come true
ok so i’m part of a senior group thing for school w my friends and there’s a pep rally today that i didn’t go to.
my girlfriend was in the front seat, me driving, and our three other friends in the back.
i helped him for a physics project even though i was not part of his group, and he began to ask me for help on his other assignments as well.
a couple of years later a few months ago, their daughter dies in a car crash and our family was invited to the funeral.
negative review of 'a wrinkle in time' peppered with critic assuring readers he still totally supports diversity
art student's nudes obviously drawn from hustler
obama hoping jim lehrer doesn't bring up u.s. economy
she blames me for being selfish and self-centered after all she’s done for me and provided me with the best opportunities even going above and beyond in some cases.
super bowl stadium solemnly stands, places hands over heart for maroon 5 halftime show
it took him half an hour of messaging to convince him.
dad isn't coming up to see him for the holidays.
you're bi?" (because, again, he'd been dating lola), and he says "nah.
all of math teacher's examples involve moon pies
but recently (this never usually happened with me until a few weeks ago) whenever we eat, he does the sign of the cross.
we are reaching them to go outside by picking up every morning and immediately bringing them outside.
clinton receives 400,000 honorary degrees for college commencement speech
couple going at it like tired, sexually incompetent rabbits
it kinda seems like some people here thought that i expected him to keep my stuff for free, and i expected to be able to dictate who came in and out of the house, and that my ex needed to consult me about that--all of which is **incorrect**.
he gives me the bird and speeds down the lane.
and so what happens is that chad asks "hey starpastels what do you think of my singing?" he sung a note and i replied honestly "i think singing is an overrated talent, i think it be cool to see something more unique." he nods and everything goes back to normal.
after about 30 minutes it got a little busy and and after getting through a group of customers i ask if i can go and she gets mad at me for "never finishing my shifts and am not being helpful when it gets busier".
i went out clubbing on friday night and meant two girls, one of which i was interested in.
he uses my mom's money to buy things (that are often useless: such as an electronic door lock for the house when a standard one does perfectly the job.
stouffer's debuts new frozen meals to bring neighbors after death in family
anteater to lay off the fire ants for awhile
it came to a head last night when he had a special event (don't want to get too specific for anonymity) and i had a shit cold so i ws feeling like a shitty girlfriend already and we hadn't had sex in almost two weeks because we've both been working 50-60 hour weeks with obligations on the weekend.
physics teacher's car accident would've made perfect example for class
zamboni jams up after running over large patch of loose teeth
by the end of the night when i sobered up some i realized my dumb ass mistake and tried to tell her i just wanna be friends.
new ted cruz attack ad declares beto o'rourke too good for texas
angelina jolie stuns in first rollerblading competition since double mastectomy
report: 92% of divorced parents get back together if children ask enough times
i asked the bartender to charge it to (his room number).
later on, she also mentioned to me that she had no time to do her stuff (you can see from the second paragraph that due to the phone conversation, she hardly have time for herself).
fox news struggling to attract younger 60-75 demographic
i guess i was just raised to believe mental illness is something people held in internally and weren’t “supposed” to be vocal about.
to me, this is much more disturbing.
my mom also told her that she was making this all about herself and being selfish because i have a right to spend time away from her if i need it.
i asked my boyfriend at that point for an open relationship, to which he shut me down immediately with a "no, because i don't want to" and wouldn't answer me or talk with me further.
i’m just going to bus home if you’re going to make me feel guilty about it.
and after a bit i inform him he has to go into the back room for his bachelors lap dance.
i'm an artist myself and i understand that it's immensely important to value people's creative efforts and to pay for their time.
this would either cause them to miss the storyline or combat, or stall the game for a long time.
my girlfriend is an immaculate beauty who is completely compatible with me.
she would often out-roast me because she would talk about my mother and sister saying how they are all whores.
aita for sending my nurse flowers with my phone number attached?
and i know for a fact that both of their parents won’t be rational if any of them find out about this relationship.
aita for demanding to know if someone wants to continue a friendship?
edit 2: we could not leave the airport because we did not have the documents to enter india.
wibta if i started dating someone who is in a one sided relationship i know already it sounds bad but hear me out.
wilma is cool with us, so i don't think she's actively discouraging him from hanging out with us, but she's the main reason he's not.
sorry, it's something i've been working on." then, she very quickly told me that she's been meaning to talk to me about it because she heard me say it one other time this week.
camera admits it can't do much for barry
aita for “ghosting” a tinder date after meeting in person and finding out she is wheelchair bound?
pure silk to stream from cindy crawford's ass
pallbearers carry leslie nielsen's coffin without incident
if it was just me, she might brush it off as me just being crazy.
**the callouts/the aftermath - in which adults do not properly communicate their emotions and we bury things for later** i took some time to process what happened, and a few days later i asked the noodle gimp to talk.
regular citizen heroically enforces park's 'no glass containers' rule
he got to use my main account, i got to use his spam.
kanye west jumps on massage table to deliver speech about relaxation
god announces plans to slowly wean humans off religion
jealous gps clearly wants man to back over wife
ammonia-factory leak exposes texas town to mexican working conditions
she also said that the reason she didn't say anything was because i would've made her feel bad.
aita for falling out of love with my fiancé and cancelling the wedding?
this guy speeds up and breaks through the barrier and cuts in front of me and stops.
i see her at the end of my literature class, was gonna approach her.
tortured ugandan political prisoner wishes uganda had oil
she ended up taking my shirt later that day and brought it to me the next week.
suffice it to say, that i bought an audiobook, confirmed the purchase, and lo-and-behold, my credit was still there.
so i am allured to that idea.
everyone knows airports are crowded and the only place (i know of) that you can get somewhat of some alone time is in the bathroom stall.
when i revealed to her that i really liked her she said she always thought of me as a friend and had started seeing a guy even though she never gave any indication of that to me.
he isn't replying to my texts.
i quit.” in response i angrily say “don’t quit you’ll ruin the game for everyone” we go back and forth a few times essentially reiterating what we have already said.
my moral compass is telling me to stay out of their business and do my own coping by myself.
i knew it wouldn't be easy to come to terms with but i thought 14 months and 3 flings later it wouldn't be anything that jeopardized a friendship.
when one of the other colleagues passed by i asked what was wrong with kate, out of curiosity.
illinois supreme court deems rahm emanuel sleazy enough to run for mayor of chicago
dice rolled on hot dogs in back of freezer
he's done this for the last 10 years and all of us friends have always known (he tells us all about the horrible things he does), but other than calling him out on it there wasn't much we could do.
i have been dating my girlfriend for five months.
class of '88 reunion attendees once again trick sue thorpe into thinking jeff urban likes her
she came clean with me today, and i'm honestly wondering if i somehow pushed her to this.
im 27, i have spent seven years in prison.
title pretty much sums it up.
i go on and tell her “no..
i also hold a job at a church as an assistant director.
for a period of time me and another coworker (let's call her amy) and i had a small relationship.
but then about a month ago there was this old friend who i saw a again after a long time, and we clicked and she became my girlfriend.
pope promises more open, transparent molestation in future
trump demands investigation into whether clintons gave him non-registry wedding gift in 2005
backup health care plan involves nation sharing one big jar of ointment
he then says something along the lines of “ok i’ll stop.
man proud of food he ordered
which was kinda passive aggressive, but in my defense i look at it as her being unable to communicate to me that she has an issue with something and then blows up on me bc she couldn’t tell me she had a problem with it in the first place.
i just don't understand why he wouldn't want to better our situation.
then today she text me saying that i need to do something for the diminished value of the truck when they go to trade it in.
but i know in my heart all of it is based on a lie.
coworker not nearly as fun drunk as originally suspected
so, since nobody was there, i just put the book in my bag, and brought it home.
on the day she texts me telling me she can't meet up because she is really sick, which has been a problem, since she is really sickly.
aita for trying to buy an item with $100 in coins?
i just couldn't handle it and i cut her off midway to tell her to stop being like her stupid friends and that i know she isn't like that so she needs to stop acting like an attention whore.
i’m genuinely heartbroken, and i hate that as a man it’s experiences like this that make me think men are fucking trash.
(example: went to a craft beer place, left and agreed to meet our friends at a second place.
due to my feelings her little comments drove me crazy and weren’t helping at all and eventually i started matching her spirit and being very verbally affectionate back.
yeah fuck that you're fine you're good enough.
area man asked to shoot janice an e-mail
and now when i see them its always awkward.
am i the asshole for not being completely quiet at night?
am i just an asshole who should shut up because as a child, i have no say in matters like these?
i don’t know what his problem is i felt like he was making a big deal of nothing .
despite that i tell her i hope it goes well a few hours after that her boyfriend/fiancee texts me thanking me for the blessings.
she said if she had to drive me to work, she wouldn’t agree to housesit.
aita for thinking my boyfriend is rude for not planning a good new years well, i’ve been seeing a guy for around six months now and while i know he lives with his mother, i find it a bit callous to have to share my new years with her.
she comes to talk to me at 9am, and tells me to start getting ready.
at no point would he be without food, water, protection from any of the elements or a comfy place to sleep.
u.s. improves infrastructure with transnational power strip
we've had her for a few weeks now." "so she escaped the house?" "oh no, we let her stay outside.
my boyfriend usually deals with the bird.
so i get up and call you an uber.
\[3:56 pm\] him: does it involve seeing the doctor or just chancing it for another month?
a few moments later, he passed me (turns out he has an electrical powered bicycle) and rides next to me and we have this conversation: him: are you in a hurry or something?
fetid, shit-covered elon musk announces plan to revolutionize nation's sewage system
that manager has now gone on indefinite leave.
he has always pissed me off coz of his behaviour and personality, controlling of his girlfriend and always emotionally manipulating her to do what he wants and sexually assaulting taylor once upon a time, so this may have factored into my whole agreement to actually say yes to her.
i finally called an uber to my place.
but more than that, i don’t think i would know what to do if i was suddenly left alone with her.
i even had a new friend i met recently in the end of august.
on my 16th birthday, my family threw me a surprise party with my extended family from my mother's side.
as days went on and he continued to make this mistake (often multiple times a day, even after getting it right a few times), my corrections sometimes became more direct.
he returned a couple of hours later and talked to her privately, but he was drunk as fuck.
mom packs encouraging note in own lunch
it was so blatantly a joke that coming down on me the way that she did just made me feel like she was the one being a judgemental over-sensitive self-righteous asshole.
new study finds humans shouldn't spend more than 5 consecutive hours together
furious maitre d' can only assume hostess didn't realize she was addressing everlast
without the ram sticks, her pc won't even start, which would pretty much kill her relationship with her new boyfriend.
stuff like how she couldn't believe that such a good man died and how she was going to miss seeing his cameos.
i practically had to pull my girlfriend out of the bar, and i could barely hear her mumbling something about going to the bathroom first, but i was too preoccupied trying to get my friends to the car.
some time after this, though, i figured out the reason why it seemed like only some of the people ever practiced and played with me.
authorities: missing plates and glasses found filthy but safe in roommate's room
i’m just wondering aita and how should i proceed from here if i am, please knock some sense into me.
usually the friends that i find the most mistakes with just have a really weird writing style that i can't fix - i don't know how to help without completely rewriting what they were trying to say.
she said her problem wasn’t “solely on noise” but “noise in the presence of guest”.
i yelled a couple of a pretty mean insults at her involving her weight and a lot of the guys started laughing which didn’t help.
i was so excited to finally have some relaxing time to myself and now she is even making that impossible.
a few hours ago we were talking about christmas, she then started saying that she felt kind of sick and i told her that it could be because she stays 10 hours a day playing candy crush on her cellphone and it was not healthy and that could be causing her the headache.
he was not compensated for his help.
i also told her that i thought she didn’t understand what was wrong with the email so i was pointing out the things that sounded bad.
guard in video game under strict orders to repeatedly pace same stretch of hallway
study: american spiritual epiphanies increasingly juice-based
to be honest i'm not sure i have processed it properly and i think i am still in shock.
glaad to honor any mainstream film that gets one thing right about being gay
awkward encounter not awkward at all when masturbated about
the following day i did the same to her (flaked on dinner, came home late and pretended like nothing was wrong).
this kid's face looked like a lumpy potato that learned how to drool, but my parents showered him with compliments anyways.
'so fuckin' sorry to hear about this shit,' reads outpouring of sympathetic texts from scaramucci's friends, family
it's been the cause of a lot of fights since then.
flaming bag of shit intended for apartment 314
so last year, what happened was i had a tussle with a guy i was co-taing with.
leonardo dicaprio morphs back into hairy, overweight iowan after finally receiving oscar
i decided to start ignoring her to get the idea accross, i started ignoring her texts (which she absolutely bombards me with), making up clearly bs excuses when she want to meet up, flirting with other girls when she's around, but she wouldn't stop.
real-life pepe le pew rapes cat
barber just latest in string of humans to feign interest in what area man says
i'm his partner and i don't give a fuck if he looks at my phone, i have nothing to hide.
do other people just take coughs to the face with an "oh, well, things could be better" attitude?
it didn’t sound like the mother was against them eating pizza; she just seemed to think ny pizza wasn’t all that good and 2.
a few seconds later, he continues his lecture on how i could’ve defended myself better.
stripper failing school she's working self through
man's obituary accompanied by photo of him dressed as wizard
he then said he understood but a the end of the evening he then made a comment stating that i was one of those people who put up barriers to prevent myself from falling in love because i'm afraid of commitment - which i thought was fucking rude but i made no response.
new 'game of thrones' trailer provides sneak peek at show's climactic all-cast dance number
aita for getting upset with my wife for going to a "friends" house bit of a longer one.
mandatory unisex golden globes uniforms keep focus on stars' work
as of about two months ago, he started mowing it early in the morning again and keeping me wide awake for an extra 2 hours.
it was explained by the manager that the cash card is distributed proportionately across the items, and $9 is the amount of usd i ended up paying for the hat.
historian has big news for grover cleveland fans
hippocratic oath under review by hmo board
gender non conforming students could wear whatever option they wanted, and the school already had a low cost option.
she had a retirement fund that after splitting, before taxes, each of us will get around $53k.
department of labor response team seals off toxic workplace environment
i live in a metropolitan environment that is not friendly to weapons.
when the police came up my girlfriend instantly went from calm and collected to tears streaming down her face when they asked her what happened she said that she saw the other guy look at her and then from her perspective hit her car on purpose.
unemployed man who had to move back in with his parents still for obama
i said no as i don't want meat pizza but he can order anything else.
report: election may come down to single candidate
this annoyed me even more, but this time i just ignored it and so did my mom.
she wrote about feeding a crack head realizing she doesn’t wanna be like him and got scholarships?!
am i the asshole and should i pay for the wash?
also searching for animal shelter there is one on the other side of the island of where i am.
what he never mentioned was that the car had been parked in the same spot for over a year, never moved or turned on, and then expected me to pay for it, keep in mind i wasn’t making a lot working for him as he was stingy with giving me money even tho i worked for it (he’s the same way with my uncle).
at this point i'm pretty pissed.
australian parliament gathers to discuss dwindling hemsworth reserves
m forwarded the entire email chain to my roommates and threatened to send it to all our parents.
if anything, it'll just motivate him to do it again.
in one campaign river plays this huge and flamboyant firbolg and has taken every opportunity to remind everyone in the party that we have no idea what the fuck gender this monster is.
i assumed i would be her maid of honor since two years ago she was the maid of honor in my wedding.
office disgusted by two coworkers getting all chummy with each other
marketing department under impression keebler elves a beloved part of american culture
or is any of this within reason?
radio dj invites whole town to some bullshit
&#x200b; there were a few other things that may have made matters worse such as the fact that his girlfriend asked me to prom a week before starting dating him and being young, i said something non-committal like "yeah sure" but she just ended up going to prom with him obviously.
this time, she came to me while i was doing something and just shouted and cursed me angrily that i shouldn’t take the basket i took from the laundry room (about a month after i took it).
aita for inviting men over to my place and making my ex sleep on the couch?
would i be an asshole if i choose my gf's event over my best friend's farewell party?
older cafeteria monitor not a teacher or parent or anything
had no response when i asked him why he didn't pick up his phone, or why he ran away in the first place, or what was i supposed to do.
cereal commercial completely neglects showing numerous life problems character faces beyond breakfast
aita for splattering windshield wiper fluid on speeding tailgaters flashing high beams?
delirious rover hallucinates water on mars
i was in a class which i don't friends in.
we weren't sure exactly what to do, and she kept insisting that we shouldn't worry about it, so eventually we did stop worrying about it.
chef justice luigi vespucci issues spicy dissent on puttanesca v. arrabiata
trey is roommates with some of my good friends so i see him a lot more often than amy but she stays at his house during weekends semi frequently, but i've never really spoken to them beyond pleasantries and light conversation, except for one time a few years ago when i got really drunk and came on to trey but he denied me because he had just started dating amy (which i was unaware of because we aren't really close).
i told him that it really bothers me when he doesn’t consider my time to be important.
saturday i wake up and start to worry about the distance.
she asked me to do acid with her and then we hooked up at her house.
man surveys party for next group to silently stand in
i decided to meme it up a little and change the emojis around so japanese was now banned.
some context, my sister and i are both in college and home for the holidays; my brother is in high school.
i have been dating my girlfriend for five months, and despite having very little issue with her personality, our sex life is terrible for me.
man briefly forgets hotel staff are not humans
ice cream truck driver going to let these kids sweat a little bit before stopping
umass dartmouth beginning to regret offering course in applied domestic terrorism
it was supposed to end last wednesday, but due to inclement weather it was extended.
when she was with us she would just throw money at us.
bush surges ahead in polls after strong showing on pommel horse
friend hosting super bowl party confirms there still plenty of room on floor
go into the exhibition where we can no longer talk.
increasing number of americans unable to point out map
anyways, about two weeks ago she shaved 90% of her hair off because she wanted to try a new style.
ron desantis clarifies that 'monkey' comment was intended as subtle enough dog whistle to get away with
fleet of stem-cell container trucks ready to go if obama elected
basically, "i know i'm the last person you want to hear from, but i just thought i'd make a peace offering.
child entertained for 5 minutes by plastic toy that will take 1,000 years to biodegrade
i spent my own money on a game for another teammate so he could play it with me.
i'm in an poly relationship, but dont allow my girlfriends to have sex with other guys.
me and f are the admins of the server, we can change roles and nicknames and basically everything.
so this morning was like a foot of snow, blizzardy snowstorm.
woman relieved soulmate turned out to be in same socioeconomic bracket
vilsack stays up all night with sick corn plant
about student includes himself in the conversation of me chewing him out and says that it's just a piece of paper.
naked man mingles freely in locker room
she said that her dog had brought it to her and that she would buy a new one but she didn’t apologise or even seem upset or at least sorry about it.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: very &#x200b; &#x200b; me: and we do.
aging airliner flies out to sea to die
saudi authorities decry wasteful 3-hour death-row appeals process
&#x200b; so i didn't go, much to my displeasure.
i apologized to her and she squirted ketchup on my kneecap as "payback." (sounds weird, but she was just being playful.) she told me that she understood that my father's death was still a fresh thing and that she could understand where my anger was coming from, but that i was in the wrong for having blown up about it.
i walked off before i got the full reaction from either of them.
mega millions winner announces plans to lose touch with who they really are, become lost in soulless, gilded catacombs of sudden unearned wealth
i definitely thought he was a little off but i expected that.
he’s very nice and has decent babysitting experience based on the resume he brought.
my friend asked me and another friend if she should make her baby shower coed.
we had a tussle last year, and i forgive you.
i called the popular booked solid spa everyday for over a month to get a massage appointment for the bride and was finally successful.
so, i just went over and asked them to not let their dog crap on my lawn.
we created a registry at bed bath and beyond with all of the standard “young couple” items - plates, silverware, pots and pans, etc.
blizzard bringing back original 'world of warcraft' so thousands of gamers can relive most depressing era of their lives
its been a bit over a year now and things are well.
bp ceo: 'we deeply regret the tragic loss of $4.5 billion'
then i say "what is it your time of the month" and both of my sisters start yelling at me saying shit like "what the fuck you never ask a girl that you have 7 sisters you should know that already" and more stuff like that i said i'm just joking and there still mad at me.
sure, i have a lot of friends who are girls, but for the most part, finding a relationship has been hard.
mourners unable to comprehend last 20 minutes of kubrick's life
i read a statistic that only 1% of users will post on a thread, and only 1% of people who read it will bother to comment or report.
we have never seen each other completely naked or touched each others private parts.
salvadoran earthquake registers 0.2 on local man's consciousness
notorious b.i.g. cremation enters fifth week
soybean pissed after learning trade war means trip to china canceled
they constantly joke about me killing myself and tell me they'd laugh if i did it.
since i was sleeping so much i couldn't eat as much, and i dropped down to 79 pounds (i'm 4'11, so it's scary but not like super life threatening).
anyway, me, her and a couple of friends got wasted a few days back and she dropped the bomb when i saw her body was covered in bruises.
she says she just was not comfortable meeting with my ex again etc.
catholic boyfriend, while i am atheist so i have this dilemma with my boyfriend.
the bus ride is about 20 minutes.
so basically, i'm on a diet.
sea of hair engulfs nation after bosley physicians lose control of restoration
i talked to her and tried to make her feel better.
the man was aware the dog was present over there.
aita for having sex with a girl who is more interested in me than i am in her?
white house: 'this is not the geologic era to debate gun control'
when we met, i did say she looked cute and i've been calling her cutie ect and stuff when we are messing via texts.
in her family, when they watch a movie the lights are on, half of them are knitting, and there's almost always a bit of chatting going on.
we live in santa cruz on felix street.
subconscious can't wait to turn offhand remark from boss into dream about drowning horse
she keeps saying that what i did was wrong and she's calling me a psychopath and all of these things.
so all was going well until i'm in the library about to go too class about to pick up my bag until i realise the new guy place his stuff around mines he was about to go as well so i just grab my bag and just trying to get out there.
struggling airline helped by friendly giant
anyways she ends up going and she is saying i’m insecure and jealous.
fast forward to now, she calls me nearly in tears, from the house of the man she is cheating on me with, telling me she had feeling for him and everything.
the house we live in is a house my mom bought for me and my brother to go to school.
kevin james announces he is not considering late-career shift towards more dramatic roles
we started to forgive her, until i started to hate her.
man watching cleopatra 2525 has no time to read
my sister already has a fully paid scholarship for college and wants to stay behind for a year she doesn't need to for a couple college credits instead of going to actual college?
my mind drew fucking blanks, i had nothing i wanted to say to her, i just wanted this meeting of ours to end.
so, fast forward 1.5 years and today he won't tell me his steam password when i was logging us in the play because it is the same as his bank account.
i yelled at him asking why he would ever do such a thing, and when my 8 year old said i was being unfair i ended up yelling at him too.
he's generally very quiet around the house.
i'm still super angry about it and it *almost* makes me want to fill out an ice form in order for him and his family to go back to their country.
cackling npr host warns upcoming segment may feature content too dark, too chilling, too positively ghoulish for young listeners
i look at her puzzled because that is something my family has never done for anyone, and the present they gave me seemed to have zero thought into it.
trump ramps up attacks on john mccain by dragging senator's exhumed corpse behind motorcade
aita for throwing my gf's ipad on the floor after she threw my laptop?
aita for thinking my friend ita for just dumping all of his online gaming friends?
i waited since 8:15 am to go to my dentist appointment that was scheduled at 8:30 am.
parents legally change 9-year-old's name to better reflect current pop culture
anyway one day in class last week she decides to talk me and out of nowhere she says ''you are quite a weirdo aren't you, if you keep playing video games all day you will stay a loser virgin''.
it sounds pathetic but i want to enjoy it until school starts.
it was fairly simple, but i did my best to actually apply some form of game design.
she always seemed to be busy whenever i asked; either she had already made plans, or she didn't sleep well the night before and needed a nap.
so here's the issue, i live with my girlfriend and she hates my stinky feet.
bubba gump shrimp owner comforts depressed guy fieri
i said no one i knew of was coming over and ixd probably just watch until it got ugly.
i'm going try a different route to fix myself.
last year he moved in with his girlfriend when he was only 17.
we’ve been dating for three years.
so this started back around thanksgiving.
even the most exotic ingredients aren't out of her reach, either, and, even though it's not about cost, i've saved up more being with her than i ever had in any other relationship.
i was so in love with him i could not see strait.
scarlett johansson immediately rejects heartwarming prom invite from high school student
i yelled at my bf to get her off me and he did but why would he even allow it to get that far?
additionally she considers me her first real "relationship" that was something other than sex attached to a professional/friend/other type relationship.
i have only had sex with one person before, who was my long time girlfriend.
desperate ohio now exploring homeopathic execution methods
experts say earliest warning signs of mental health issues usually crossing eyes while dribbling finger on lips, saying 'cuckoo, cuckoo'
i don't know what exactly is causing it, but ever since he told me to pay for food as well as rent i have lost pretty much all attraction to him.
aita the asshole for sending a video of my former bully’s ex girlfriend and me having sex to him and then taunting him about it?
&#x200b; long story short, he thought i told him to go fuck himself, he explained for alot of people this is a big thing, when you srugh it off like its nothing many people will take that personally.
my problem was i wasn't asked i was told and demanded.
posting this from a new account because i'm kind of trying to start over on reddit after the last week...
"she grabbed his face and forced him into a kiss.
this isn't a life or death matter.
ive always thought of it as self preservation and just saving everyones time tbh.
anyway, he's mentioned that his friends have said that i'm an asshole that's "using him" by asking him to stay a friend, because i know that he's emotionally invested in me and i'm supposedly using that to my advantage to keep him around for attention without having to commit.
ethan hawke's body found dumped in laurel canyon as 2019 oscar race heats up
unfortunately, i'm straight up failing it.
it was to my surprise that in my first class of second semester she was in this class and sat next to me.
she came back from school with some pain.
later we find out that he was intercepted by police and taken to the hospital and was being treated for psychosis.
then, as i try to calm down after laughing almost to the point of tears, some random girl that i’ve talked to once gets in my face (more like my torso; she was 5’5” or so and i am about 6’) and tells me that she will punch me in the face.
i actually looked at their trailer and saw them peeking out the window while the manager was with me.
he is incontinent and in pain so i've been trying to bring my mom around to the idea of putting him to sleep.
we lived together like this with no problems for a while and then for work reasons my partner moved overseas.
she's really cool and i want to help her but i feel like i'm paying extra for the mechanics spot, i'm not breaking any rules and that guy had no right to talk to me like that.
app knows it's gone next time man needs space for photos
nation puts 2016 election into perspective by reminding itself some species of sea turtles get eaten by birds just seconds after they hatch
she knows this, but she's still refusing to talk to me.
we talked bout it and worked it out eventually.
i was fine with this until it got to his personal profile for university application.
my roommate (21m) has been going through a rough patch recently since his girlfriend dumped him and a family feud that's been going in for a little over 2 months.
one last ruben studdard reference wafts gently into the cool evening air
man who cut off seymour hersh in traffic subject of 20-page 'new yorker' exposé
i mean, we have another dog.
giant hole swallowing up your house added to list of things to worry about
my mom live kinda far away but she visits every few months and lets me have some alone time but it’s not enough.
to b honest i think its best if i just ignore her until she gets the hint, even when she approaches me in public.
she came in drunk with a friend.
little league coach reveals creepy method for breaking in baseball mitt
no one should think that sort of behavior is acceptable, normal, or justified.
of course curiosity got the better of me and i browsed his history (nothing special or relationship changing) and then moved on with my life.
bp ready to resume oil spilling
i thought t was my friend too, so i told her my side of the story starting here.
my sister and i were hanging out in a computer lab.
she gives me a disgusted look, i hit new game and ask her what the big deal was, she doesn't reply because the opening cutscene is playing and it's that same character but in what looks like a prison, wearing only tattered rags.
now i got into poly when i was about 18.
man thinks going to vegas for things other than gambling somehow less sad
poll: 78% of americans hope cataclysmic event wiping out humanity will have big tidal wave
man craving some kind of human connection that would let him know he's not alone in this world, sliders
rest of evening spent declaring asshole not going to ruin evening
he told me i was probably duped by that store and i don't disagree, but i also believe i did the right thing bringing that puppy away from that horrid store.
but, it still doesn’t stop me from worrying about her, and i feel that as a father, i should still have to right to impose rules on her since she’s still a teenager.
fast forward a couple months, i’m in charge of organizing team meetings and heading a task for a project.
study finds rising sea levels result of expansive colonization effort by dolphins
today after ten months of silence she came to me pretending to spend her money and order some books, so i told her to do everything and once i'd have the code i'd tell her.
heinz introduces new quick-recovery sports ketchup
man forgets he has infant strapped to back
i was dead wrong on that.
u.n. secretary general assumes someone already doing something about uighur internment camps
then our mother walks in and see this and she starts yelling at him due to a previous indecent where he poured a drink in the fridge and didn't take the blame for it.
bro goes to play d&d with a group every sunday, and usually brings a couple of games (board and console) to play as well.
i have been sick the last few days.
i start to look at her behaviors more and other things start showing up, like how she refused to take responsibility in any situation and other things like that.
spanish authorities ask anyone with information about curbing endless cycle of nihilistic violence to come forward
the kid doesn't stop even when the actual movie starts and the dad still hasn't taken him out of the theater.
i told her that her art was lazy and took no risk.
my parents beat me, they fed me garbage food, they sent me off to shit schools and than when i got home they would sit me in front of a tv so i would leave them alone.
it was then that she came up with her worst and last excuse.
aita for insisting that the dinner table of ten guest speak the common language of the region so i dont feel left out of the conversation?
do i owe the right that i should go?
the kid is cool and all but his parents are just so awful to be around.
scout returns with news of quicker checkout line to the east
thank you and if you don't want to just say so no problem.” sister, “of course they want help again...
after becoming a bit pissed i had said "what the fuck did i ever do to you?" and going to the room i was staying in for the weekend (note, i am known for small outbursts due to mental issues ive had since i was a younger child and to avoid further harm i run away normally to a room) when i heard my mother walking in the hall to the room i was in.
she doesn't get it and she is too defensive for me to bring it up anymore.
but i'll try this right now..._ long story short, i am not successful with women.
i then started dating my current boyfriend (he's trans and has pretty severe dysphoria.
confounded pollsters admit there no way of predicting mercurial behaviors of beguiling female vote
this is gonna be nsfw btw.
i don't remember if i talked to him about the tweet too, or told him about my depression, or really anything.
i love him i just no longer wanted sexual relations.
aita for objecting to my wife's travel schedule (and it's impact on me with respect to child care), and / or for how i've handled the issue regarding her staying at her current job vs.
also im am asshole for not taking my roommate to taco bell when he had food at home that he wasn't craving.
area woman becomes republican vice presidential candidate
one of the items he purchased was a set of diamond earrings for a female coworker.
aita for lying to my now-husband about being pregnant?
computer scientists say ai's underdeveloped ethics have yet to move beyond libertarian phase
it was kind of awkward at first because we just talked about the cold weather for 5 minutes -- so i decided to break the tension.
bailiff can't help wondering what life would be like on other side of judge
i’ve been proud of how well i handle it.
aita for telling my gf to finish her project herself?
her response was that she felt safe getting high with n around but that i took her away too quickly for n to intervene.
he got two very large detailed cookbooks that were both more expensive than i’d care to admit and we drove for about an hour so we could go on a bike trail.
over the course of the 1 month, i have been waiting for her to end her work and sending her back home via public transport.
so i toldthem to keep their dog off my property.
i didn't think it through well enough at that point, but i'm now fully aware of what i did.
during a round of quiplash, i made a couple jew jokes.
he raises his voice and starts yelling about how i "shouldn't do that" and that i "signed a contract" at the beginning of the year (which is true, you have to sign a contract to be allowed to use school computers, all it says is basically not to break/hack stuff).
in hindsight the engagement was impulsive and basically a last ditch effort to save the relationship.
i used the "family ipad" because my phone was dead.
deep orange sun slowly, beautifully setting on topher grace's career
i snapped back and apparently hurt her feelings.
ted started in the frozen department which has it's own cooler of frozen goods next to where the dairy cooler is.
breakroom tension at all-time high following mug dispute
she did that to herself through years of not being home.
she often finds it weird and would refuse to remove the jewelry - and then get mad, if i in turn refused to hold hands or similar.
sometimes i cry after talking to her because i miss her to and i feel sad about the situation.
first place cops looked was inside at-at
i responded that i thought that it is hypocritical: feeding one animal by killing another (and also supporting the meat industry) and also that it would reduce the co2 emissions too.
‘i am under the impression you pressured him into donating” i said.
recently i decided to travel to china to see my fiance of 2 years, he's from eastern europe and is working there, the last time i saw him was jan.
i know there has to be some one out there who hates waking up to the same untrustworthy people evey damn day.
a few minutes later, sure as shit, he shows up in the hospital in the middle of the waiting room looking for me in another one of his awkward attempts to care.
sociologists confirm emergence of generation more entitled, self-absorbed than any seen before
it was both of our first relationship and we both made our fair share of mistakes.
argument between employees shatters illusion of professionalism traditionally associated with walgreens
*edit* it seems that based on the comments so far it is split between i am and i am not the asshole.
sorry for the long post, the full story requires some background.
some said if they see me in game line up they'd avoid joining.
swim used to be a suburban hippy dealer type.
full disclosure, this wasn't me this was a friend of mine, but i feel it would be a good addition to this sub.
she's trying to keep getting me to go.
he doesn't pay the bills, he doesn't pay for food etc...
&#x200b; in order to avoid giving money to a potential frauds posing as a homeless/struggling person i thought what if i start questioning these people asking them what their story is.
the next day i talked to my fil about and and basically tried to tell him we understand it's their tradition to buy baskets but basically we agreed to disagree.
weird relative at family reunion knows how everyone related to each other
(she literally had the things for like two weeks and barely wore it).
my best friend also hasn’t said a word during this..
congress wishes they could help puerto rico but it's all the way over there
while i accept that i prevent them from being on time, this never exceeds being late by more than 10 minutes, and it never ends up being a serious situation.
we hang out as often as possible, and i enjoy our time together, but i still do not see my girlfriend in the way i did before.
also i'm slower than most people (physically and verbally) i don't pronounce things correctly and sometimes she makes fun of me for it which hurts my feelings.
aita for standing my ground and not sharing?
i decided to message her, to ask about the soccer thing.
&#x200b; my mother noticed that i was being evasive about who i was spending time with and accused me of being lesbian, and going out to meet a secret girlfriend.
if you want we could try something harder?
my wife held on to the fork and was asking our daughter what she wanted while holding onto it.
i live with two other roommates in a 3 bedroom house.
he recently pulled the same move i did and blocked everyone in our social circle on facebook.
neighborhood would make a great video game level
we drove over yesterday, but when we were about 45 min away from their house, they texted and said their vacation didn’t happen because their flights were cancelled by a hurricane.
civil war historians posit 'you had to be there' theory
i was curious, and told him i wouldn't get mad.
squirrel who really chunked out unable to look neighborhood residents in eye
or some excuse of the kind.
my relationship with my mother is a mess that i don't think is worth getting into (but i will if people feel it's relevant).
shes about my age so i let my brother talk to him while i talk/flirt with her.
but he sends me good morning texts every day and- as a sweet as they are, it's annoying as hell and i'm kinda bitter about the whole thing.
i told her she was overreacting, which became the second nail in my coffin.
old little league trophy stared at
great, daughter measuring self-worth against some 13-year-old named skyla now
she also said that i'm being a coward because while i say that i'm still with him because it works for both of us the truth is that i'm just scared of the consequences of ending it (him being hurt and worst case scenario ending the friendship).
bin laden vineyard falling into disrepair
study: 90% of all meowing comes from owners trying to get cats to meow back
aita for outing my brother-in-law's felony during the wedding?
nypd lets suspicious man go after only finding 'catcher in the rye' in backpack
apparently fire marshal wasn't just being a dick
like telling my coworker our boss wanted to see him the next morning, and then when our boss tells him there was no meeting i would convince him that i never said what i said and he believes me.
new altar boy clearly not ready for spotlight of 10 a.m. sunday mass
i personally think he’s the definition of trash but that’s just me.
i mean, i would sometimes leave at 8 pm and get home around 4:30 or 5 am and it was still playing full blast.
girlfriend went to the doctors today and has laryngitis.
it ends and we go out separate ways.
my friend works at a growing company that has great pay, benefits, easy workload, all this stuff i've been looking for.
giddy thom yorke goes to bed early to make grammy day get here sooner
due to having lived in that country for eight years of my childhood and one of my parents being chinese, i was fluent in mandarin.
her excuse was that she couldn't call me, because my phone's battery was dead.
wibta for moving out if my husband doesn't stop smoking?
i did a bee-line straight to my friend and nervously talked to him.
report: 750,000 americans die each year during first attempt to get back in shape
dozens of white houses materialize from temporal vortex as trump's changing account of putin meeting tears apart space-time
on the drive there, he tries to jump out the moving car, so my brother has to hold him by the hands to prevent him from opening the door.
&#x200b; about two months ago, i went to a get together at treys house and amy was away visiting family.
i asked if they could fix it and they told me it would cost extra since its difficult to fix when it’s done and it’s not “their fault” if i didn’t say anything during the wips but i didn’t notice???
so eventually we did call the property owner.
so anyway im trying to get with this girl, we flirt everyday after class and eat lunch together, its going good.
he’s only paid back $200.00 of it and he’s never paid me when he said he would, but somehow can afford to eat out 3x a week and buy a new ps4 through rent-a-center.
i honestly think that i've been pretty fair here but this has caused a lot of trouble for the production and i want to know if it could've been prevented with me not kicking off.
i am autistic and have dealt with anxiety myself as well.
child clinging to daddy's leg like it's helicopter evacuating saigon
my so shouldn't be telling me who i can and cannot be friends with.
all of this shit happened 2-3 years ago.
&#x200b; edit2: they have no clue.
local man puts rehab behind him
my boyfriend’s best friend has been an asshole lately.
extravagant new window blinds inspired by the latest styles from venice
meanwhile i have a job making close to 80k a year no college debt and i own a home.
great barrier reef offers scuba divers chance to see beautiful diversity of ocean death
she started holding onto my arm, rubbing my bicep, touching my chest, she even unbuttoned the top button of her top.
i'm afraid that if i just keep giving her time to think she'll remain indecisive but i also don't want to be a pushy asshole.
my girlfriend (23f) and i (24m) just had our 2 month anniversary this past saturday and it was....less than ideal.
i mean really far away like to australia or nz (we're in georgia, usa).
the subreddit had 0 active members so i offered to help the subreddit gain traction by adding css and getting more people to use the sub.
so my neighbor's have two cats.
i told him i wouldn't be mad if he wanted to break up because i don't expect him to deal with my baggage, but he kept insisting that he didn't want to break up but i had to never blow up again.
windows toolbar, mouse cursor visible throughout memorial service slideshow
my friend says “you’re such a dick i can’t believe you’re getting mad at me over a video game.” this is where i get really pissed.
he was close to being run over and i was able to quickly grab him and put him in the backyard.
i don't know if i should say something here's the situation.
to set the scene, we were both out with his family shopping for cool, vintage antique items that day, and my boyfriend (let's call him henry) found an old vinyl that he was really excited about.
don't want to be looked at don't do that.
area man not about to tie his shoe when he's 4 blocks away from sitting down
i’d like to think i’m mature for my age but i sound cocky.
most humiliating experience of man's life on dvd march 6
ecuadorian embassy runs ad seeking 'no drama' tenant for newly vacant room
my parents are ultra strict, and i fear serious, serious consequence when i make bad grades.
she just didn’t wanna do it.
so he is out of the country atm and we are texting and he comes back in a few days.
even though i lied about my situation, it is my fault and he’s trying to help, but i wanna hear your guys’ opinions.
report: north korea just enjoys nuclear talks
justice stevens renews vows to supreme court in emotional reconfirmation hearing
glimpse of gene shalit on tv reminds woman it's time for bikini wax
gina haspel briefs senators on saudis' 'shockingly uninspired' khashoggi interrogation
i let out an audible sigh and sound of disgust in a semi-joking fashion, i already had plenty of shit lined up from other classes i needed to do.
he said that if i plan on leaving, he is willing to sell it to the house for $200-300, i can't recall exactly how much at the moment.
busy mel kiper, jr. still finds time to throw around the old spreadsheet with his daughter
one of my friends kinda laughs it off like "you'll be fine", another one says "just drink coffee".
aita for pretending to be gay to break up with my ex girlfriend?
flea market vendor could possibly let unidentifiable lump go for $15
eric clapton wows audience with even slower version of 'layla'
she will be just fine and besides, she should not be killing a human being.
i tend to lie to my friends a lot.
neighbors come together to watch bmw owner struggle in snow
greyhound now charging customers $15 fee to vomit in aisle
so i guess the title is pretty much self explanatory.
polling place in predominantly black neighborhood clearly brick wall with door painted on
but she still wants to keep a handgun in the house for self defense.
bunch of numbers from where daddy works means no trip to disney world
this wasn’t little dog turds, but giant ones.
after defending my statement, i laid out the clues that led me to my conclusion.
concert crowd worried singer who stepped away from mic won't make it back in time for chorus
i took his contact information and told him i would call back in a few days after i speak with my husband.
and of course, we get to plan each other's surprise stagettes.
elton john wows mother theresa funeral crowd with 'the bitch is back"
man sets unsustainable precedent of saying hello to coworker every morning
i do not have what one would call a hard life but still i get incredibly bored every time someone tells me about their little or big troubles in life.
he said he'd try and be on time, but wasn't sure if he would or not.
report: nothing stopping you from deleting your facebook account right now
i trust jeff and he is one of the very few people i can be honest with some personal things about, but i do not value that very much.
dad recounts amazing story of how, through quick thinking, he saved $4.27
whether he's comes home from work or takes a nap, i usually hide the fact that i play 3-4 hours of video games a day.
i have never been on a date before.
so here's where i think i fucked up (if i hadn't already): we all left, and didn't leave anyone behind.
i almost immediately drop the leashes and let my dogs rip at his rottie while feigning to stop them.
quirky restaurant's bathroom had better fucking deliver
nra says parkland students should be grateful for guns giving them such a memorable bonding experience
today, he got an email from harvard asking him to apply.
i've known this guy (now a girl) for about 15 years.
he knows im upset and he just reassures me everything is fine.
cnbc: 'anyone who owns a suit can come on television'
man tentatively takes shot at bad-mouthing girlfriend's family for first time
area man already knows which chicken tender he's saving for last
i just never felt pressured to by my doctor or anything and i have a pretty ok immune system.
when the tsunami in japan happened i watched all the youtube videos of the tsunami devouring the city’s and country areas.
'new york times' corrects story by admitting they burned venezuela aid convoy
radio station playing controversial 'little drummer boy' on repeat in defiance of those who claim it contains sexually predatory themes
at this time, he's working in a separate country.
tl;dr- girl trying to emphasize the fact that she's ugly, stupid, has depression, when her depression is an oblivious lie.
everyone at thanksgiving doing chore to get away from rest of family
i got a bit upset at this, and she told me that’s how the game is played, and she was still weighing her options.
this platform isn’t any different just because there’s less pressure and face to face contact.
worried for me, she called campus police and they took me to a crisis center overnight.
woman on first date feels like she could spend whole life in uncomfortable silence with this man
however, she told me that she'd been struggling to take it every day and properly because she's "not on her normal schedule on uni vacation", at the same time she told me she's pregnant.
dad thought he could make it out of zoo without buying kids light-up shit
this make me feel like i’m not welcome here and have make me consider quitting the job.
he also knows i'm stressed and the other day he asked me about my past, and i told him a bunch of stuff that left me feeling very vulnerable and i'm still feeling weird about having told him about it when i know i haven't dealt with it properly.
to add on to that, they had both agreed to not tell me and keep it a secret.
so i could at least have a chance.
personal trainer impressed by man's improved excuses
ecologists urge birds to avert global decline of insects by adopting seed-based diet
my brother scratched off one of his tickets, and got a match.
i got hungry and got up and said i was going to microwave a pizza for myself as well.
blood-covered finger confirms nose, in fact, bleeding
swimsuit skirt conceals hideous thigh region
i respected her decision although it seems to be that she is completely denying me and i broke with her.
during our roommate agreement, 20-30 seconds of pure silence would pass until i’d end it by speaking up.
aerobics show used for almost completely non-aerobic purpose
irs now requiring taxpayers to tip
skittish juniors-department clerk calls security again
shipwreck survivors forced to endure ride home on disney cruise ship
i just wanted to ask reddit if i was actually even in the wrong with any of this.
smiling nation takes moment to enjoy thought of what rnc headquarters like right now
romney tells heartbreaking lie about single mother of 4 he never met
guy on cologne advertisement must smell pretty good
architect asks self how le corbusier would have designed this strip mall
lebron james guarantees cleveland will win numerous regular season games
now that i think about it i should have said thank you then, but i was really tired from 20+ hrs of travel and it didnt even cross my mind.
although, naive about other people's feeling she was generally kind and sweet to me before this.
i researched cbd oil a bit before taking it myself and looked into it for ts too and it’s looking good that it could help reduce him of some of his symptoms.
the more i got to know kyle, the more i realize how unhappy i was with my ex, does that make me the asshole and the emotional cheater everyone assumes i am?
tan asshole still on island time
reggie white to host fox's when atheletes talk
budget cuts force british government to shut down mysterious seaside village
the bouncer wasn't letting them back in because she was too wet.
&#x200b; even when i tell my parents they're racist (my dad has said plenty of racist things before too, so i'm not too eager to tell him that bf is black), they don't care - that's just their worldview, and no scientific study or stories can change their minds.
the lights are off and so is the light on the front porch.
jim morrison stares creepily out of apartment window
woman conducting ongoing scientific experiment on own skin
while we were together eating dinner i had a friend of mine sit at a different table and secretly take pictures of us.
am i the asshole for wanting to stand and have a good time?
(sorry for formatting, am on mobile) friend: hey do you have a significant other?
background: im a guy and a teenager.i’m not religious but my family is.
so, aita for having good intentions regaeidjg determining if a woman was pregnant and drinking alcohol?
i told him to let me know so i wouldn't be an interference and we would resume a normal friendship.
was able to get all the blame put onto him and got away with it.
i must state i have doubts as this being the true reason, but i reacted according to her words.
aita for logging in to my exs facebook account?
i think she got off her tie out and start pulling dogs back towards the door about 75 yards away.
study: average man thinks of santa every 7 seconds
beyond meat researchers announce creation of fully conscious, plant-based veal calf
college graduate first person in family to waste $160,000
apartment manager already knows to look out for tenant sending in minnie mouse checks
this one is even better than the last one, so i've been kinda off the hook, but he still reminds me every now and then of what i did.
sources: c'mon, just give us the goddamn pulitzer already
then, i frequently had some problems with one of them (i'm gonna call her a), probably caused by disagreement at some things (mostly everything).
wild, rutting animals pour onto prom dance floor
i know she's pained from my actions.
tldr; friends hate bf, his presence at prom would create tension for everyone.
i mean she was so furious that i was kind of uneasy like she was going to hit me or throw something.
so i'm not the only student to have seen this.
report: bridge probably has whole mess of bats under there
one minute i'll feel so ashamed and guilty.
aita for ghosting a girl who i think maybe a gold digger?
working-class silicon valley residents beg onion social to demolish their homes for new headquarters
i mean, i wanted to, just didn't get the chance to." to which i am mildly infuriated with since i was always the one initiating contact in the past and he was the one curbing each single attempt.
chinese citizens gather in beijing square to watch u.s. national debt clock strike $18 trillion
i got out of the car, began calling 911 while sprinting desperately toward the scene.
report: majority of money donated at church doesn't make it to god
well, when my son and dil were over a few weeks ago, shit kind of hit the fan.
i'm not into them and i think people who have them are silly and i got sad when she told me.
me and some of my friends stopped talking after i got out of a weird break up with my ex boyfriend a few months ago, because at the time everything revolved around him.
my girlfriend has had an issue with her neck since we started dating.
we had to tell her i am not her mother and i have my own kids, i don't see her as a my child.
i don’t know if it’s just the curse of being first-born, but it irritates me like nothing else.
so in my drunken state i feel i must retaliate further, so i pick up this fish bowl and pour the whole thing on her.
i know that if i did introduce my boyfriend to my parents they would only hurl insults at him being a man in a dress and how much of an f-word he is and my boyfriend could dress in men’s clothes but i know how uncomfortable that is for him so i don’t want him to deal with any of that in my eyes i dealt with enough of that for the two of us and more.
no more than a couple seconds.
millions of gallons of oil spill into washington from ruptured rex tillerson
coalition of buzzed cousins issues annual greatest nation on earth rankings
he is very sweet and likes to do little gestures for me, like buy chocolate or ice cream and - the culprit in question - flowers.
tucker carlson unsure why he in middle of 20-minute rant against croutons
my current italian teacher is the only teacher who didn’t enjoy it, as when i walked in to class this morning she said she was mad at me and explained why.
study: 63% of all human speech occurs under breath
mayan calendar warns of cataclysmic roland emmerich film on nov. 13
aita for laughing at my sister?
tokyo squeezes in five more residents
ambassador holding phrasebook 'pretty sure' she just strengthened ties with pakistan
i feel i already know the answer but...
they hire "atmosphere models" that are paid to entertain guests.
researchers observe chimpanzees using pro tools
aita for asking my girlfriend to take me to work?
reince priebus smiles, shakes head while flipping through old briefing on gop's plans for 2016
epa chief pruitt welcomes delegation of pollution from china
parent mad 6-year-old didn't like peanuts special
bush arrives at debate wearing flight suit
i'm aware of how hurtful what i'd tell her would sound, especially since she's had a complex about her teeth for the longest time.
i felt really guilty about what i said but i don't believe i done anything wrong.
they have nice things to say, and i get to play my role.
area man has no idea what he went downstairs for
woman forced to do some detective work after obituary for dead classmate leaves off cause of death
i dont like doing it but i just demand an apology for the stuff she said which was pretty insulting.
i understand that at 16, she should probably be allowed to date.
i also don’t really want to be thought as one of the people who spam group chats with “peepee poopoo”.
this happened today on my way to school and the only way i can get to school (without being 30 mins late) is by going through a short cut at the end of a small street.
horseconnect, the social network for horses, bought for $1 billion
lynx defended them by saying that they have depression and their life is...
i'm gonna apologise again and have a conversation with my dad about boundaries
so i said, “yeah, she’s a little burnt, isn’t she?” and starting laughing.
around this time, asia comes in behind the curtain after finishing something else we were working on saying "the teacher told me to come to watch." i was cool with it, the teacher said so and the curtain was closed.
whoever opened my door left and went to another stall at first i thought it might have been a mistake and went back to my sister but then i noticed that the young man was gone.
she said she attempted to wash off the detergent, but he started scratching her so she gave up.
my sister thinks that i should just go with my gut instinct instead of screening them, just follow my heart.
aita for not wanting to get flu and whooping shots to see my friends newborn baby?
street parking in this area is always full so after a drive around we parked at the back of the no frill’s in the area for the 5 minute run.
so i guess what im just going to start doing is trying not to even think about sex with my girlfriend at all and never be the one to initiate it.
- text bill and tell him the situation and that maybe he should change his password.
clinton already working on follow-up book casting blame for failures of first
bush told to sign birthday treaty for someone named 'kyoto'
fda: everyone needs to induce vomiting right now
aita for telling this girl losing a dog is not the same as losing a child?
compassionate trump issues full presidential pardon for robert mueller
the guy sitting one seat away from her (who by the way seems to be going on some sort of power trip.
i guess i feel this way because of things like the video that logan paul made about how he got a esa vest for his dog so he bring him on the plane with him and that i see people in walmart with yappy chihuahuas in esa vests sitting the basket of some old fat women's rascal and most recently i read a news article about how a dude's "self trained" support animal got off leash and attacked some kid.
i’m obviously confused but i had to go home and i would handle it later.
however, i attended the class anyways as a pretext to meet this girl.
so i (27, chinese-malay) have been dating my boyfriend (24m, white british) for a few years now and things have been going well.
i was a bit annoyed and made him leave a £1 pound coin and a note saying he took it.
if you guys want to try and give an economics lesson here that's cool, as long as it's fact based and you don't have an agenda.
could i have maybe handled it better?
climate scientists confirm there's still time to blow up the earth
i dont make threats, i give warnings.
everything that's wrong with business in america given promotion
aita for expecting free salad dressing at chipotle after having to wait for them to make it?
when we’re out shopping, at least once we always have to stop what we’re doing to find a bathroom, which can sometimes take up a lot of time.
independent-film festival crushed by paramount troops
i said, what were you born a man?
i should add he has memory issues and is mentally unhealthy.
it was expected, but it still hit me and my mom hard.
impressive new hire figures out bare minimum of work job requires on first day
i was trying to vent about my day to him on the way home but he got snippy with me because he had a bad day too.
couple dressed as mario and luigi drunkenly making out on couch
corn added to list of items that upset grandma's stomach
i took it hard, but it was also a wake-up call for me to be a better husband and a better person.
rapper not entirely sure who else is on this track
m: we are but at the same time, i live 3 hours away from here (i live with my mum due to her medical reasons), i don't want to get a call at 3am with you having a bitch because you tinkered with something you shouldn't have and now it's now a paperweight f: but i can pay you!
the grilfriend has lived with us for around 1,5 years.
no possible way to get the number wrong.
autopsy determines total loser's corpse contained no traces of drugs, alcohol
we were hanging out with some people the other night and she started calling me things like white boy and other things.
trump vows to bring back ohio town's white castle
old man's son also old man
i like her well enough, but the issue is his room is right next to mine, we don't have the best walls, and she is *loud* during sex.
american airlines announces it will no longer try to match seatmates by interests
she asked me if i was sure and that she could just go home.
aita for not wanting my wife to get another job and take a 50% pay cut?
after she left, i thought to myself "fuck, it's gonna suck not being near her".
wibta for leaving my bf after he let this girl beat me up?
i am not breaking any rules at all.
anarchy symbol updated to appeal to today's teens
i guess it made her feel insecure but i feel like i have a right to bring up my concern about physical attraction.
a week or so later, i found out his grandma had died some days i had tripped him.
aita for being upset that my gf (28) basically lied to me (33) to go out and celebrate her divorce with her friends?
but aimta for pulling up this article in the national news.
i always tried to avoid those situations because i felt guilty knowing all i knew and seeing them happy with their seemingly perfect boyfriend.
before the incidant she and i already did not like each other because i called her out on being a turd cake before.
i was just going to let him have it until he acted like a complete jackass.
u.s. encouraging cuba to shift toward democratic system of corruption
there is a mcdonalds that has a shared parking lot with a grocery store.
i used to be very conservative (morally, not politically) growing up all throughout high school and college, and i have a very hard time coming out of my comfort zone.
halloween weekend i went too hard.
&#x200b; i don't even know why she wants another dog so badly, and i'm not about to ask as it'll probably lead nowhere.
the only problem is who should do the dishes on those days, i think she should, but she is...not so keen, obviously.
anyways, fast forward to our last project.
she’s since freaked out at me for what i said to her, even though at the time we were texting, i backed off and apologized once she told me she was offended.
nation's women clarify they harbor no secret desire to see colleagues', acquaintances', strangers' genitals
am i the asshole for being so angry?
al-qaeda member wistfully recalls time when radicalization done face-to-face rather than online
women's strike a sobering reality check for subway masturbator
the love that we had was real, i know it and i feel if i dont act now i will lose him forever :( &#x200b; tldr; bf was crushed after i left him, i now want him back but he has another gf.
and she really hates the gym.
i couldn't get a good read on him but i didn't back off.
i can't fathom why this is such a weird thing to just not talk for 3 months and then resume later.
area man to make fun of dancing for a bit before nervously joining in
i confirmed this in order to move the situation along.
i can repeatedly and very sternly tell him i don't want something, the word no being important here, and he (non-aggressively) makes it happen or whines and begs until i give in.
new book written from perspective of gargamel
aita for blasting my subwoofers in my own parking spot during non quiet hours at my apartment complex?
also when it comes to tampon and pad disposal, it’s not as if i am leaving them about the floor with scraps and such.
so i joined this gaming club back in december and thought they were great people.
i met & started dating/becoming sexual w my current boyfriend in nov of 2016.
i have never had this connection with someone before.
man takes free thing he doesn't want
he's like some sort of pilot in the navy and i met his friends and they all seemed really cool and i was like wow...this is actually working!
woman with really pointy feet finds perfect shoes
let me preface this by saying i, in no way hate women or think women do not belong in the gym.
2012 prius to feature rudimentary reproductive system
content could be hotter, more social
narcissist convinced total strangers would want his organs
investigation confirms nbc management had no knowledge of misconduct in matt lauer's network-sanctioned sex dungeon
also, is my justification of my actions an example of manipulation, or is it simply a legitimate way of thinking about a situation in which i was not quite at fault?
the boy has the audacity to reach into my bag and grab a handful of my gummy bears, the girl has the decency to ask.
we would shoot pool together and drink beer.
aita for breaking my boyfriend's new vinyl record?
that means people wont be sleeping” now i know that there may be some people asleep on the bus.
so i moved on to a new company and took my gf w me.
he ended up doing a few years behind bars.
additionally, my last shift would be tomrrow, sunday, and i would feel uncomfortable working around people i let down.
after i got my drink, i sat down at a table nearby and thankfully, the party coordinator sat down with me and talked for a couple minutes.
but i made up my mind.
furthermore, i would not have assumed that it was necessary for me to provide prior notice before doing so.
the night goes on and she eventually tells me she has a spare ticket to a concert on the following thursday and she's upset because the person she was supposed to be going with won't be going with her anymore.
study: whites to be minority in donaldson family by 2027
silvio berlusconi gets penis stuck in wine bottle stuck in prostitute
i'm not focused on doing anything if she truly believes what she said.
lovebird windshield wipers gleefully chasing each other through rain
nypd deploys new line of plain clothes cop cars
the property we got is somewhere we hope to one day start a family and so it is more than we need for two people.
he then insisted on unprotected make up sex “since she was getting plan b anyway.” the “shortcut” ended up taking four days, which was how long we had planned to be out anyway, and they had unprotected sex the entire time.
they want people to die and get hurt and they want people to fight.
how should i have handled that situation?
seaworld dynamites orca that beached itself on concrete walkway
so one of us is going without 4wd again this winter (mucho inportante in the area we live).
but we oth live in nyc where not everyone has private parking and street parking can be hard to find.
merger of advertising giants brings together largest collection of people with no discernible skills
i want her to live a healthier life.
alternative-medicine practitioner refuses alternative method of payment
calls me all sorts of obscenities, i calmly look him in the eyes and tell him my wife is pregnant and we saw the guy pull out from down the aisle.
it was super fucking fun, and i couldn't wait to see everyone again.
so for those five months, i was placed at the care of my grandparents.
they told me to accept him for who he is and the fact that he started smoking.
he asked me for a few days to pay it back, saying he needed the money to eat and get gas because he was broke.
in my last response i essentially told him that, though he was willing to forgive me and talk it out and be on good terms, i couldn’t do the same over him getting as upset as he did about my actions.
my now sister-in-law and father-in-law get together and pay for the fence to be built in our yard.
i yelled for the kid to shut up and the kid quieted down but the parents started freaking out.
another two weeks go by because her boss isn't in the office, until we get to two weeks ago.
now i told some people in our friend group and was met with immediate backlash with them saying how awful i am, that i shouldn't be doing this, and how that i'm only doing it to cause drama which is not the case.
'there are no good options in syria,' sighs man who has devoted 12 minutes of research to topic
man brings visiting parents into office to meet coworkers who can't stand him
gwyneth paltrow reveals secret to her healthy, radiant skin eating 20 pounds of kielbasa a day
last night we were gearing up to have sex, and he said he wanted to have “normal” sex, and when i asked what he meant he started kissing my body a lot which i didn’t really like.
* i was planning on asking another girl, c(18f) (she’s not relevant to the story) to our schools prom, but my mother had told m that i was going to ask her, which i had no idea.
took me a while to agree.
it’s not like we are poor.
i want to ask my husband to have his daughter at least knock to let us know someone is there before she walks in.
guard gives death row inmate every chance to end life before they try new execution drug on him
feds break up brutal las vegas man-fighting ring
i also warned him that my parents were quite racist (he's black, i'm chinese).
she is definitely not my type (romantically speaking), and i told my friend to explicitly tell her "im not interested", she didn't accept it from i what i was told.
i asked him to be very transparent with me, tell me what they talk about.
ford: new f-150 pickup truck capable of crushing a big turtle in one go
we still saw each other at social stuff and we still had a great time, but i stopped flirting and we didn’t do anything for about a month.
this morning, the flash on my camera was on and he woke up and was upset that i was taking a picture of him.
it snowed like 5 hours later.
anyways, the smell is absolutely putrid and will make you gag.
the one you see in movies.
so then she said that they would be staying over at her friend's parents home and she would only pay for the ticket and food for 2 - 3 days.
i am kind of a passive guy.
troop leader awards boy scout with 'tried to save best friend' badge
but it's ridiculous how he takes things personally so often.
she started questioning why she wants to be in a relationship with someone who can’t be happy for her that she’s going to another country for a friends wedding instead of complaining.
also theres a lot of lies.
aita: i'm off my medication i'm eighteen so i can choose if i want to take them, spoiler alert, i don't.
u.s. soothes upset netanyahu with shipment of ballistic missiles
cruel owner chains bike outside in freezing weather
that i definitely was a little miffed about because he didn't even give me time to move my things or do something about it (i mean i guess i could have shoved some of it in my car?), but the important thing is that we were able to talk about it (and i wasn't just told via text like this morning).
r.a. has bad feeling about kid in cloak
jew-sponsored stock car booed off track
toddler figures it about time to shove whole plastic easter egg into mouth
he dated a girl, kendra, for roughly two years and it ended about 14 months ago.
i really don't want her to do this and i also feel like she went behind my back planning to go on this trip all this time.
this affirmed the fathers stance that this behavior was normal and nothing about the situation was resolved.
i guess am i the asshole?
i'm the absolute worst at confrontation, and i couldn't bring myself to say anything to her.
criss angel's nephew forced to sit through another lame mindfreak
she wouldn't let me, and i said, "don't be a bitch let me have some".
local history museum really digging deep to fill 2 15-by-20-foot rooms
she responds that she's at a pharmacy and the work she thought she had to do on monday, was completed sunday and she forgot to tell me about it.
she stated that there was about 90 quid in notes a little shrapnel and an assortment of cards.
two days later, the day of the game, she asks if i was still doing something.
i also don't want to be the dick that proposes an ultimatum.
should i apologise for being offended?
this back info is just to explain that he knew it was very important to me.
aita for not wanting to go with my girlfriend to her parent's first food truck event?
coworker running ncaa tournament pool really relishing his one week of significance
he just stated matter-of-factly that “the water was only shut off for two hours”, completely ignoring the fact that we found out without any prior warning, detested the showers, and (i am guessing this part did not get relayed) that my wife had a terrible experience with their employee.
if i fixed my "attitude" and got better at the game, they would maybe let me be a sub player for the b team.
for example, she is utterly convinced that lady gaga is cyberstalking her to steal her "art" (she cuts the heads off barbie dolls + poses them for photos) and posts about it weekly.
obviously, i understand it’s her body and she has all the rights to do whatever she wants.
the fuck is wrong with you?
aita for asking my gf to not go on her phone when we're in bed together?
god rewinds time to watch man fall off trampoline again
i ask him what's going on and what happened to cause his sudden hurt.
she ended up coming over to my place and telling me she wanted to turn her life around.
this happened some time ago, and to be completely honest - i have absolutely no regrets.
every baby boomer in country urged to resign after photos emerge of them in blackface
i don’t remember exactly, i just remember it being cringe.
u.s.–cuba relations end after obama hit by foul ball at exhibition baseball game
he did this knowing it bothers me because my abusive girlfriend would do it to control me.
movie not nearly as awful as hoped
this was a big issue in our circle and i was pretty damn pissed, so whenever anyone asked about it and noticed how upset about the situation i was, i would proceed to tell them the whole story and throw in some extra shit about her because i was angry and upset.
&#x200b; when she announced that this is what she would be doing, **shit hit the fan**.
i shouldn't have taken their words in that way and should have been thanking them in the first place despite of our disagreements.
bf says none of this matters.
i told them it was just a joke and there were no bad feelings or anything.
i never understood how people can walk in their homes with their shoes on anyway.
tl;dr boyfriend laughed at me after an embarrassing loss on a video game and we can't decide who was wrong
we got into an argument, larger the usual.
teen runaway starts new high-paying career
that means that the house had a tv that was 42" (which they bought off of the past housemates), but it was pretty old since it had a low quality screen with burn in problems.
this happened about two years ago.
&#x200b; i met my bf on tinder early july 2018.
man thinks people care enough about him to be let down by his failures
i told her now again that i’m against it and she says she doesn’t know how to argue with me cause my view is so strict i’ve seen many examples of friends getting just 1 meaningful tattoo, that just ends up in them getting many meaningless ones.
but it's 4 years and she's more fanatical than ever.
sorry for the long text, but aita?
ivy-covered home like that on inside too
i really wanted something casual, but because we had such a long history as friends i felt like i was supposed to love him.
supreme court upholds bill of rights in 5-4 decision
maybe the ends justifies the means here...sooooooo aita?
meaning getting them hard and then having sex.
it's not that i think he's not "cool".
our school literally has ramps that go up between floors.
affable detective with healthy personal life hasn't solved case in months
i told her i got our kids through the week alive and happy so she should be happy and now we can take care of the leftover mess together, but she's pissed because when i go away, she gets pretty much everything done.
ok, strap in for a long one because there is a lot to explain.
so when she confided in me, i guess she didn't like my responses.
i was married to a girl in a wheelchair.
couple days later she starts ghosting him.
he dumped me so that he could make sure that we weren't just fucking around, and told me he didn't have feelings for me one week later.
probably once every fortnight or so we would get a call.
he claimed he was still in love with me but he'd seen into the face of fatherhood and commitment and he just wasn't ready and broke up with me.
a while back she was browsing her facebook in front of me and singled out a girl, asking if i thought she was hot.
my boyfriend read my messages and discovered this, and flew into a rage telling me that i needed to stop.
around another month later i write a letter straight from my heart to her about how i really feel.
aita for wanting my wife to meal prep before her trip?
in fact, we've both always been usually the heavier people in the group until about 2 or 3 years ago when i lost 15 pounds and my bmi became around a 20.
idk im a very scared person (i grew up in a household with a lot of fighting- i've seen parents hit eachother).
&#x200b; bf and i are both students at the same college, and were on summer vacation.
now i have no way to turn and have to stop as well.
we weren't there 5 min and l starts talking about smoking but we can't do it inside or around the house because of neighbors so he'd have to go really far in the field to smoke, that was fine because that was the plan anyway.
group of girls directs would-be suitor toward least attractive member
man now too exhausted to repress both anger and sadness
not only that, but i feel like she’s rushing it and wants to get into a relationship with him solely because she wants to be “cuffed.” another thing that i want to talk about is his parents.
we argued so hard that i felt lightheaded and he said he might throw up.
aita for not giving my so rides whenever they ask to and from their destinations?
myself (20) and a coworker (50ish) share the responsibilities of delivery driver at the hardware store owned by my family.
this is just basic numbers for just treating sma patients.i didn’t even calculate their respiratory and alike machines,accomodation,application of medicine and such.
flu can't wait to get the fuck out of area man's body
local sales rep hanging in there, can't complain
my parents and others were strongly against it because it would have meant that our school district would have changed in a way that let students in from particular neighborhoods that had high crime levels.
they saw traffic was backed up.
cranberry juice industry hoping 2009 a big year for urinary tract infections
congressman excited to be working on bill with intern he has huge crush on
inexperienced puppy bowl team still hasn't opened eyes yet
jewel organizes 'save the unicorns' benefit
is it your time of the month?" let the chaos ensue.
so reddit, am i the asshole?
my thought though is that since i did most of the driving (except for the last half on the trip back to college) that that should be considered since it’s an exhausting drive.
i push it open and this big dude whose also in the frat (i never talk to him) is on the otherside carrying cases of beer.
quantum political scientists hypothesize country headed in both right and wrong directions simultaneously
my husband works really long hours and won’t come home until 9-10pm so i can’t really ask him for help looking after her either.
we different religiously, she is an atheist and i was raised catholic.
i asked her and she was very excited as was i.
she's feeling upset at something and wants to cuddle.
this was when i was an undergrad in college.
my husband has just got a new job where he'll be earning three times what i earn.
somehow not a single person cared.
so about 5 minutes later, second lady who i saw making the dressing in the back comes out with two containers of dressing.
i agree my dog is quite aggressive in barking at times, but has never physically harmed anyone or any dog.
i did apologize when we got home, saying that i couldn’t help when i got off work but i could’ve chosen to not get my bonus check.
i didn't want the pictures any more so i deleted them without telling her.
however, she's extremely uptight whereas i'm super easy going.
ad campaign appeals to young, hip, influenced-by-ad-campaigns demographic
next thing you know, the waitress bumps into me (i am sitting down the whole time, so i wasn’t at fault here at all) and she spills cold coffee all over the back of my white t-shirt.
israel vows to use veto power if chuck hagel confirmed as u.s. secretary of defense
algebra notebook forced to bear the brunt of teen's song lyrics
i asked here why she was angry.
i refuse to do it because as it stands, it's such a big task when it's not done regularly.
we just kinda left it there so now i’m wondering aita for not wanting to see her again?
i have also wanted to look into adoption but that process also takes about 2 years and so we would have to get started now.
i call everyone else in my life hun cause it's easy and simple.
school isn't for everyone so it is better to work at her level and stop holding people responsible for her.
i don’t like feeling this way towards her, and i’m not the type that she would normally seek out.
area insurance salesman celebrates 14th year of quoting fletch
but it was a single incident and we never brought it up again and continued to hang out.
but if you come from the grocery store side you can pull up directly to the spot to order as long as there isn't a line already.
so there was this one kid that would constantly harass me so i named a bunch of kahoot bots after him and the teacher already didn’t like him so she didn’t believe him when he said he did t do it and he got detention for 3 days am i an asshole for putting 3 days of detention on his record for some petty school rivalry nonsense?
superstitious ocean blaming all its weird behavior on the moon
as we go back to our booth she has me sit next to her and she places her hand on my thigh, while i do the same to her.
next generation to take a pass on aerosmith
industrious otters now capitalizing on oil spills
\[cue time passing\] my roommate and i met before school started freshman year.
aita for giving my group member a bad eval even though she spent as long on the project as everyone else?
frito-lay contest offers consumers chance to appear in upcoming bag of sunchips
employee executes daring 3:30 p.m. escape from office
'you are not your job,' obama reminds himself throughout shower
imo the best way to cope with letting go of a dog is a new puppy.
his mother asked me if i knew what he was on.
i'm honestly curious, i'm so confused about how i should have reacted or felt because i've never even seen someone do acid before, so i have nothing to base my reaction off of.
lisa never told me that she thought sexting was cheating or that i wasn’t allowed to do it so i think she’s being unfair by not giving me a second chance.
i have never been anything but polite and respectful with zara and was now very annoyed at the way i was being treated.
if i didn't pass these tests in january i would have to take a semester off which would have been financial ruin, as my girlfriend was on sick leave and had 0 income, and i only had income if i was studying.
i loose my shit and tell him to wash them and it’s disgusting.
artists announce they've found all the beauty they can in urban decay
he arrives home and stays in his room for a couple of days (unprecedented behaviour for him) until eventually i ask him if he wants to talk.
neurologists find brain still shows signs of self-criticism minutes after death
wibta if i piped and ghosted this pregnant girl?
ultrasound technician asks pregnant woman if she'd like to know baby's name
these are all around my cycle (known as catamenial epilepsy) and a simple progesterone iud \*should\* end most if not all my seizures.
next time we are together remind me to explain seller etiquette." i don't even know what she means by "second time".
they dated after talking for a while and he seemed happy, but i was grossed out that my 24 year old grownass brother was dating a teenager.
college encourages lively exchange of idea
&#x200b; so back to more recent.
\*\*backstory:\*\* currently, i'm in a 7 month class for medical assisting.
garden too much for grandma this summer
**aita questions**: 1) my wife was frustrated with me for returning to work earlier than she wanted me to.
edit 3: i'm going to stay at the hotel tonight and talk to her tomorrow.
she says she wishes i never even told her.
unfortunately, the next thing i heard from my mother about this trip is that they have chosen the house, and already booked it, and it is a three bedroom house.
i'd rather clearly be the asshole than be drowning in confusion.
returning parents can tell son had huge house fire over weekend
kendrick lamar becomes first rapper to win pulitzer prize for editorial cartooning
parents chart child's width on kitchen wall
wibta for asking my wife to dress our daughter instead of letting her choose her own outfits?
fan doubtful 'solo: a star wars story' can live up to denny's blaster fire burger
and when he insulted him i got so mad.
so, all was going well for a couple of weeks until i started seeing him doing other devilish stuff around other people like snitching on people(claims its on accident), taking people stuff saying he didn't know, and just at random screaming like a banshee at people for smacking or even just tapping their feet.
my husband ended up walking in on the conversation and asked why she was pouty.
i stay down for 10 minutes maybe (trying hard not to actually fall asleep) before getting up and excusing myself home.
high school bully ready to unload summer vacation's worth of abuse
nation's entertainment reporters return to celeb beach body beat following coverage of weinstein scandal
man forced to come up with 45 seconds of facial expressions while waitress lists off specials
another disgusting operation proves john mccain is healthy
i decided to take him for a walk off leash today, his first time.
basically, he said his problem was that it was inconvenient to him that we would ask him to be out of the house and that he found it mind blowing that we would think it was an acceptable request.
the thing is she had also driven on a gravel road that day and her car was covered in dust.
and the other was about guns where i told them i was pro-gun rights and not in favor of their suggestions.
but he loved it, which was fantastic.
she said she would if her boyfriend and best friend of mine gave me permission.
some guy has messaged me on an adult website.
when the waitress came in, we ordered chips and guac.
her explanation was that she quit the girl scouts because they didn't do cool stuff like the boy scouts and she feels as if girls should be allowed into the boy scouts.
midwesterners descend on insurance company's free nail files
am i the asshole for asking him to do this?
negligent oaf sloppily packs away board game without so much as a thought to future players
the action is reprehensible no matter how you paint it.
i got annoyed with the way she snapped at me and i told her that she was being a little hypocritical considering that she makes jokes about my complexion too.
aita for not paying a parking ticket this happened a long time ago, but essentially the backstory is that when i had my first car i got a parking ticket.
we barely spoke at all, which was exacerbated by my coming home late from studying all day to have her request that she and her boyfriend have the room to themselves.
in attempt to jump-start economy, obama declares tuesdays ladies' night
she can't get it from the bank since she is at one of those fancy online banks.
i think it's up for debate.
i was quite pissed off about this because i never planned on showing anyone, but now i did.
nra recommends preventing firearm deaths by securing children in locked safe
lifelong dream no match for first brush with adversity
seemed to me if they really wanted my son to have a specific gift from them, they should include a name or wrap it themselves.
swiss avalanche kills thousands; world stays neutral
friend of friend better friend than friend
my mum works in a high-level field, often with long hours.
one of the girls in the other room was moving out.
god admits he was in pretty bad place while creating universe
well, my son turned out to be a great young man.
tldr: girlfriend wants to break up because i sexted a friend but i didn’t think sexting was cheating.
said that the blame was shared "about 70/30 to 80/20" with him taking 70-80 %, and me taking 20-30 % of the blame for this series of events.
aita for being jealous that my siblings get what i ask for and i don't?
i told my friend to leave the starbucks thats near me.
i called my dad and he told me to call him my ex.
we barely fight and enjoy eachothers company and many days are perfect.
friends can't stand couple's public displays of hostility
aita for getting angry at my boyfriend for eating a joint?
i will try to be as objective as possible and not exonerate or vilify either me or the other guy.
they then “remembered” that they had said it and surprisingly enough, had $400 extra in cash just sitting in the bank 🤷🏼‍♂️ crazy coincidence right?
i apologized to her for calling her a barbie doll and i only acted the way i did because i thought she was being irresponsible and because i didn’t want devin to get in trouble.
the last time i went i had such a miserable time i felt resentment toward her for not taking our advice and moving closer to family when she was able to (she says she's too old to move now which is probably true).
will shortz frustrated that police yet to crack taunting puzzles revealing locations of 40 years of murder victims
i looked back through my (few, actually) texts with her and realizing that i was starting everything we did.
she also thanked me for it on the posts.
my advisor and his advisor set him straight, and the grad advisor printed out the thread and put it in his file.
met this girl, we clicked and i asked if she wanted to cool it in a couple of days (saturday).
anyway, a few days ago, the person i borrowed it from asks me if i still use the book, to which i replied "no, i don't use it anymore", she replies with an "ok" and we leave it at that.
aita for calling my girlfriend a bitch?
so that explained, the main conflict is simple.
long time lurker/first time poster, hopefully i do it right.
i mentioned it to my bf and he wants to come and...i don’t want him to lol.
66 percent of u.s. citizens object to torture in nonetheless frightening poll
(the party is at his house so hes just gonna be extra mad) he said he hates birthday parties many times before but i thought he was just saying that so hr won't be dissapointed if theres no party.
alignment of 6,071 completely independent variables necessary for man to feel okay
this wasn't within a large time span.
summer camp hierarchy thrown into chaos after second girl learns how to french braid
i went there with a few friends, who were also invited.
aita for having a casual sexual relationship with my friends mom?
sure, it was hard to explain, but it’s how i grew up.
aita for reminding my grandmother what sexual assault means.
i went upstairs and erroneously went to a representative for the santa’s grotto and was redirected by her to the correct place.
i just told you 📷 \-i sometimes feel like also that you're uncomfortable with the idea of me bettering myself for the lord just based off my observation of how you react i'm not mad or anything i've just been noticing when you try to bring it into are sex life thats when i start questioning things 📷 \-can i ask why?
blood-drenched sarah koenig announces topic for upcoming season of 'serial'
there is not markings , no names, nothing.
children starting to see through dad's claim that doubletree hotel part of disney resort
&#x200b; however, after this, a similar situation happened again.
on-line gambling too depressing to even think about
alderman has that zoning dream again
woman apologizes to therapist for monopolizing conversation
it's for a band that i used to enjoy when i was younger so i checked my schedule and i was free that evening and said i would go with her so she wouldn't have to go alone.
when we got together (dating) she was a little chubby and i was up front that i wanted her to slim down and she said yeah ive always wanted to get real fit so it was cool.
attending 'price is right' taping apparently sailors' best idea for shore leave
third-grader prays massive deficit coupled with decreased tax base causes district-wide school closings tomorrow
johnson & johnson hoping brand won't be tarnished if they dip into lethal injection game
u.s. mint employee disciplined for putting own face on nickels
we were going to film a scene today where we would meet with a group of people.
if she wanted to get my attention, or speak to me, or something of the sort, she could have just called me.
the farthest we have gone sexually is dry grinding on each other while making out.
u.s. refuses to allow u.n. weapons inspectors back into iraq
sally had a concussion and i believe she broke her leg (i don’t remember 100% if the last part is true).
kid with rough home life gives mickey extra long hug
while some of these people are there to get a cheap meal, or sleep, or use the bathroom, some are also there to solicit kind donations from commuters.
fox voluntarily removes reality from programming
i know that her mom and dad have the same "problem" and he is always just joking about it, so i sometimes do feel like an asshole about it.
she has stuff on the counter and sometimes i'm not careful about avoiding it if i'm distracted or doing something else.
aita for telling my friend to stop smoking?
my friend thinks iata because i am playing with her feelings and leading her on.
mountaintop retreat with maharishi leaves greenspan obsessed with rupee
federal court ruling requires private businesses to install handicapped-accessible wheelchair jumps
shaving your head in no way helps you empathize how someone is suffering the emotional and physical trauma that cancer brings.
overpriced and they couldnt cook a steak properly.
report: happiness does not measurably increase based on zipline ownership once family owns 7 ziplines
now i'm exhausted, depressed, and feeling so alone and right when his day was done i got a text from him saying he was going out for drinks.
she said she’d be open to that as well.
i've decided that i will ignore her for the time being.
my friends, on the other hand, told me that i should give up on her for my own sake.
aita for delaying an internship for one day to organize my schedule with a better opportunity i am currently on job hunt for one year.
i'm also aware that she's an adult and she's capable of making her one choices.
trump administration worried president burning through minority scapegoats at unsustainable rate
i’ll spare the medical details because they’re not important.
i got pretty upset and i admit, i was really unkind and inconsiderate in my replies to both of them (i've been inconsistent in taking my bipolar medications, and i do not consider this an "excuse" for my behavior but it has made me very irrationally irritable).
mother considers son 'quite the little casanova'
i was a bit taken aback because i hadn’t really known her for that long — so i told her after we kissed that i wanted to take things slowly.
good news kept from parents out of fear of proving them right
teens: are they laughing at you?
**agent** may i place you on a brief hold while i look into this?
software development course, so there are hardly any.
guy at bank has weird hair for guy who works at bank
area woman always has something quirky to do
i sent her money for the movie tickets she bought.
but i just waited until the next day as i knew i would fuck shit up real fast if i talked to him angrily.
master architect constructs most structurally innovative pile of dirty dishes to date
the first guy who did seemed nice, and we agreed at $40.
he said he just wanted to make sure she was ok.
so i spent a good deal of time adding in the basic layout and the colorful buttons and all that.
the homemade martha mac and cheese is being substituted for box mac and cheese.
i told her that the police would be waiting for her and she was not getting the $200.00 back.
and i guess was posting more on ig and the girl who turned me down saw all the flashy shit i'd post sometimes.
john ended up taking the board and walking out.
trump touts success of singapore summit after securing $10 billion trade deal to sell nuclear warheads to north korea
i feel like a giant asshole whenever i say something like that, but it's true and i'm sick of losing.
think about that next time you touch someone else’s truck.
dude was sad for a few months.
he never asked for any proof but he was deeply upset that the "baby" didn't make it.
posting from a throwaway since i use my regular account on craft subs where the sister i just had the huge blow up with is also active.
i agreed, assuming that the department would pay me for my time: prep for three lectures can be 6-7 hours of lecture time, which would be probably at least $200.
eventually, i started doing it on "on principle" because i figured that if i used one of these two spots that always went to waste, that's one less other person who gets stuck driving around to the back if the lot filled up later.
viewer prepared to believe whatever documentary tells him about coral reefs
i understand how this can easily be annoying, i've met those kind of people who exaggerate it.
it all seemed to deliberate, since i could tell that something was going on, i heard the whispers and noticed the looks they gave each other.
teary-eyed student loan officers proudly watch as $200,000 asset graduates from college
a long rant about how i emotionally used her and how if she ever finds anyone else i'm seeing, she'll personally let them know what's up.
pope francis spotted sunbathing nude in st. peter's square
breathalyzer big hit at cop party
blood-spattered suri cruise drags dog carcass to mother's doorstep
baby new year abandoned in street
\-this bitch didn't even look up and said: "if you don't like it, you can move." \-i was so taken aback by her attitude, i responded "excuse me?" to give her a chance to backtrack and because i genuinely didn't understand her rudeness.
we would stand out like a shit stain on a white sheet and from what we've seen from b so far, it would be pointed out to us.
according to my mom, mg was a decent dad to her, but his unhealthy lifestyle really dragged her and her siblings (my aunts and uncles) down.
i'll try to keep this short.
i'm not just her boyfriend i'm her husband of 10 years.
he graduated with a nice science degree, met a wonderful woman who he dated for 7 years before marrying.
it was disgusting, and she refuses to acknowledge any fault and still insists its okay because its recyclable.
i am the youngest of 4.
edit 4: you guys are hilarious.
sesame street mourns death of original letter k
texan feels emotionally empty after chili cook-off
rehabilitated otter released back into food chain
some background: i’m a divorced father of two who’s about to get remarried to an amazing woman.
ex found that the shortest route would require a 2 hour bus ride and a 25 minute car ride.
he's locked the door and won't respond to my numerous apologies that i've said.
then we came back to my place and my roommate had people over.
space under boardroom table a complex web of feet massaging various genitals
but i can’t help but feel resentment that there was some chance that breastfeeding could have helped somehow.
i told her i don't wanna see her for a long time and it was disgusting.
even our research areas are similar.
aita for calling out my ex?
she thinks i saw an opportunity that she was too fucked up to stand on her own, and whisked her away from her friends.
americans demand military response after chinese shoot down directv satellite
my older sister ripped into me basically saying the everyone’s been pregnant before and that i’m not special, that i needed to suck it up princess and stop being selfish.
this was a lie because her instagram is public, 2,000 followers, and the link to the website is in the bio.
some info will be neutrally changed to keep redditor wife off the scent.
he knows i know where he lives now and i believe he will stop.
underprotective father demands daughter arrive home by 10 a.m.
i'm tired of your bullshit.' he commented 'lol, whoopsie' and 'when you're ready to stop being shady and acting like a 7-year-old we can talk'.
basically, my friend and a girl we knew started getting closer recently, and now they’re dating.
the exception is if i am ordering takeout from a new or different restaurant that does not know me and the food is not ready by the time i arrive.
group of christie campaign deserters found in forest
( intro )\* in the summer of 2018, i thought i was transgender.
student snaps awake upon hearing word 'hydroponics'
it's just a little awkward to talk.
we have a few pets, namely a cat, dog and a few fish.
i start getting the four kids ready (9, 5, 2, and 9mos) and then find out the one car seat we share between cars for the baby is in her car.
obama calls for turret-mounted video cameras on all police tanks
all my friends are in uni, attending classes and what-not, so i am just staying home and playing games.
cooking any of these foods means i can eat them fine and if i do eat raw ones, it's not a big deal.
well this didn't go over well with my girlfriend, who proceeds to repeatedly deny this as a possibility she's willing to consider, because of the "heartbreak" it would cause her and because she wants to find alternate means to fix the behavior, which really amounts to throwing money at the problem or expending even more energy keeping the cat happy.
aita for not bothering about my brothers girlfriend cheating with someone he knows ??
report: more americans forced to sell gold pocket watch in order to afford set of fine combs for wife
these weren't the ones nor were the previous.
underwear worn out of respect for the dead
he is on life support, and has been on life support for the entire week.
freedom-wielding high schooler freedoms down 16 classmates in latest mass freedoming
recovering alcoholic pissed he hit rock bottom before craft beer boom
biden arrives early to set up state of the union fog machine
after declining my charge for food which was about 6 bucks, kevin charged me an additional money for gas.
i told her that shes being silly, and that im not asking for much.
i got angry and well, insulted his grandpa back.
she asks if she can transfer to another location with the same company.
once our daughter started getting old enough to reach the counter i started getting more on my wife's case about leaving things on the counter and not paying attention.
woman in ninth year of letting boyfriend down easy
bacon just one of sprint's new downloadable ring scents
my date at this time went from kind of giggling a bit (when the waitress came in) to just straight up serious after all the attention just turned to us.
please help me think critically about this, i'm really torn.
i start kind of flirting back taking this as bit of a joke until she says wants me to come over tomorrow before he gets back from work, i played along with that letting puberty hormones get the better of me but still thinking we are only gonna get drunk or fuck around with his shit idk.
it turned out she was not, but still she wanted to hang out with me.
nation abuzz over c-span original movie
anyway, she posted something yesterday about how transgender people deserve equal rights.
hard to tell if wikipedia entry on dada has been vandalized or not
after about 3 minutes she comes back, but doesn't even look at me.
when we travel, if they don't have their own space, it always ends up being a frustrating, stressful, and unpleasant experience for all of us.
department of interior sets aside 50,000 acres of federal land for anonymous sexual encounters
glimpse of father's toenails offers boy petrifying vision of future
aita for being pissed at my dad for telling me how to fix my mistakes i’m in first year highschool, i’ve got a lot on my plate.
she can talk shit about me all the fuck she wants but **no one talks shit about my siblings.** my mom was this close storming her room, but i managed to keep all of us calm and rational.
i am fucking pissed because i know she's not a big drinker, so she must have had people over and drank with them.
my friends and family of course saw her for who she was and hated her but yet again naive gaslighted me had to defend her.
schwarzenegger running out of movie-related campaign slogans
i have tried to be as unbiased as possible writing this, i hope i have managed to present an accurate picture because i am looking for honest feedback about whether my feelings are justified and whether i should set them out plainly to j.
nation's middle class chillingly reappears out of nowhere
but she was directly in front of me and to breath and finish my session correctly i was looking in that direction, not in particular at her.
fbi releases list of criminals it in no particular rush to track down
i stupidly did not even check if i worked and i just assumed that i got the days off.
my question is is it really that bad to have sex with her if we’re fooling around and she says yes?
on other side i admit that i am really jealous for not beeing the partner that she shares with everybody...
most are staying quiet, but i've talked in depth to my brother and his fiance (who is hispanic) about it.
i know those were asshole moves, so i don't need to be told.
\-\*life no not yet but its a turn off when you talk about it all the time, and when we talked about doms and subs and chasities and shit before you were all excited which made our sex exciting even tho we never took it that far.
so i know this is all over a mess but am i the asshole or should they let me come home at least to get my stuff?
i have better things to spend my time on, so all things related to ap literature are punted to the bottom of my priority list of stuff i do every day.
to be clear, the neice wasn't hurt, but is upset about it.
report: more television viewers becoming desensitized to drama
however, three years ago dick decided he wanted to hit on a good friend of mine, jane, who he'd just met a few weeks before.
oscars officials warn only famous actors permitted to get political in acceptance speech
my son is upset, and although i understand where he is coming from, i do not think it is unfair how i have treated my two children.
stunned family watches as grandmother wolfs down sandwich in 33 minutes
new sealy mattress recreates feeling of falling asleep on bus
new parenting trend involves just handing children bulleted list of things to accomplish by 30
pepsi super bowl ad raises worldwide pepsi-awareness .00000000001 percent
man with no real-life career goals knows exact job he'd want in harry potter universe
'chapter 1: clark,' reports awful manuscript
was i being helpful or was i blocking the job site from being more diverse ...basically aita?
dripping wet 7-year-old gets on hotel elevator
'follow your instructions, this is all part of the plan,' hisses richard nixon tattoo protruding from roger stone's back
hillary clinton: 'young girls should have an equal opportunity to one day feel power coursing through their body'
he seemed to understand my concern, but i doubt that the kid is willing to listen as he seemed to be unfazed by my remarks.
my husband is driving 80 mph which always makes me nervous.
area man to attend grad school to find a girlfriend
i want to have the energy to do this stuff now.
i'm sorry these are so late, some of them i did but never turned in and others i did and didn't scan to turn them in.
so i understand that not every person on the street asking for help is a fraud.
my “problem”: i lack empathy for people who, by their own doing, failed to research schools, tuition, degrees, and careers.
this person is the most selfish, double faced, home wrecking person that i have ever met in my entire life.
i am still very much deciding if i can stay in this relationship because she feels zero remorse.
laura bush publishes courageous op-ed calling for imprisonment of whoever created ice
mom holds knife to throat of dinner guest who offered to help with dishes
nude model suspects she's posing for civics class
area grandmother comes forward as 'banksy'
she got called out a few days ago for eating too much and she still wont let it go.
tim cook torn limb from limb by mob of moms demanding to know whether itunes gift cards still active
that's how often i encounter deaf people, which is once every few years.
'dallas' revival to feature elderly j.r. begging to be shot
we didn't speak for just under a year but i spoke with a lot of mutual friends in that same friendship group.
ive been dating a girl for four months.
all flights grounded after faa officials suddenly realize that man was not meant to fly
i work upstairs and their is a shop downstairs.
the people arrive, everyone is socializing and having a good time.
area man remembers less politically correct time when christmas was about honoring the glory of saturn
needless to say i express these views privately with a trusted coworker and even though he somewhat agrees he says that i am out of line.
the party happened anyway, i called someone to come shut it down and feigned obliviousness afterward.
what his reply said bothered me.
this turned into a bit of a rant...
i feel awful knowing that i caused him to feel so low.
my boyfriend (23m) and i (20f) had been planning on going to this little concert for months.
recently on this sub there was a post that is now locked about a poster who had a father in the mob who killed people.
is it bad to be happy that i dont have to deal with him anymore.
do: this dog is out of line and i am not happy with it.
but then she tells me this isn't the first time he's hit her but the second time.
she threatens to send me to isolation for disruption if i don’t be quiet so i go quiet and carry on with my work.
trump sick and tired of mainstream media always trying to put his words into some sort of context
psychic phone service devastates competition by only hiring the best psychics
aita for trying to avoid having mentally challenged people sit next to me on the bus?
i like sitting on the end too, but i know it’s a dick move to do so when it’s an empty row.
federal government to be run by cheaper mexican officials
shadow government getting too large to meet in marriott conference room b
so at my new job a few people seem to only speak spanish, and expect me to reply to them in spanish in the usa.
- if i'm going anything less than 10mph above speed limit, i'll switch.
mild-mannered reporter suddenly transforms into incredible unemployed man
i see that according to many of you i should talk about it to my husband: i thought that would be hurtful for him and even more assholish but seems i'm wrong.
although i'm not new to the store itself, i've only recently become the driver for 3 days a week whilst the other 2 are covered by him, as i work weekends as well.
especially when we play d&d together.
misbuttoned coat makes perfectly sane woman look like raving lunatic
aita for pulling a prank on my best friend?
'lost dog' poster really tooting dog's horn
anyway, i basically left it up to her, i don't care to plan or really do anything, just don't have the energy.
white house reporters warn huckabee sanders she harming america and it's selling like fucking hotcakes
finally she got rid of him, only for him to weasel his filthy ass back into her life.
even one of the guys who he is very good friends with didn’t know this was happening.
my step dad is polite, but it always feels like a formality and almost every time i see my mom and he's there, he has some reason to leave until i'm gone.
aita for being angry at my parents for not rejecting me because of previous actions, despite me seeking help for my mental issues?
because honestly, it's the only way i could get my family to even notice i existed.
they then ask if i could buy them candy, i probably didn’t have more than 4 dollars left at that time but knew my mom had a lot more of my money, at least a hundred dollars.
last night it was pretty dark and there was a car going 65ish that would not move out of the left lane.
'en passant,' whispers mueller as he knocks another pawn off chessboard in shadowy, dimly lit office
pope francis canonizes single turkey in annual vatican tradition
now she’s on fb posting pics of her baby and talking about how great college is and i’m sitting here fuming mad because i worked my ass off and couldn’t even go to a university had to settle for a community college.
she cried and called me 11 times after i told her, i am at a loss.
she told me that the department that includes the coworker are supposed to be moving out of the building the first week on the new year which was a couple weeks after i found out.
i do this well but everyone has a breaking point.
this was an issue since i was gong by bus.
my girlfriend, my daughter and i live pretty close to them.
one of them even said it is not selfish but selfless to accept that he smokes and let him be.
in this time i find out that she is still in the group chat as well.
my buddy also announces he has to pee, and heads off.
olympic bronze medalist to appear in flintstones on ice
but instead of accepting it she kept grabbing my arm and trying with her paw to get my attention, i asked to just be quiet and rest with me but she kept doing that; so at this point i was fed up and i scared her away (with a scream) and she left the room.
economists advise nation's poor to invent the next facebook
hi all, my girlfriend was excited to start the new year with me in sydney, and so was i.
seeing him fall from grace is very satisying.
whenever i see a person who isn't like a ptsd vet with the typical black lab support dog, i always immediately assume that they're playing the system.
they'd come over and tell them to keep their dogs quiet.
horrible facebook algorithm accident results in exposure to new ideas
pornographic website visitor chooses subscription that's right for him
donald trump spends another valentine's day completely alone
aita for going infront of an older lady because i was late to my lecture?
mueller wondering why there all this drama over trump's unpaid parking violations
aita for being pissed at this scenario?
again, i recognize i dropped the ball here too.
i feel so fucking powerless, i didn't know what had happened, so i couldn't be there for her, and to be honest i feel guilty that i got so angry, even if it was legitimate, since i suspect that they didn't tell me this because they were afraid i would react like i did.
guy eating pistachios and watching 'sniper' doesn't seem to be part of haunted house
mta unveils new designated seating for commuters who look like they're about to snap
because of how betrayed i felt that they would tell suitor first, and not even coming to tell me right after?
area man finally in enough pain to go to doctor
this is something really hard for me to do when my nature is typically passive and i hate cleaning.
they've been arrested multiple times, so i'm not going that route.
we've accepted already that this money is lost (around $7000 total).
everyone else in my friend group, including lola, is jumping to be accepting of brian's "coming out" and is sweeping his old relationship under the table.
all of a sudden she was in an immediate hurry to leave to retrieve her vape, even though i offered to buy her a new one!
if i could get my stuff i have some money from christmas and i could get my clothes and stuff to sell.
**in his defense:** * point 1: if either of us should have moved to the middle lane, it's me.
in fact i didn’t see her at all after lunch.
aita for trying to date while i still live with my ex long post, so bear with me.
plenty of people didn't/don't have boyfriends/girlfriends.
the day comes for our scheduled solo activities and as she is about to leave, i boot up the game, tales of berseria, that i purchased.
on one hand, i get that ticket was my responsibility, and upfront him paying the ticket was not the agreement, since i didn't know about it, but still.
we started our trial separation today.
lincoln memorial empty after former president's statue furloughed
it's been this way every year for a long time now.
if she would have even asked me if she could go in front i definitely would have let her.
forensic evidence shows signs of feeble struggle
the winner of the raffle was a woman who is not native to the us.
report: 5th floor a bunch of pompous dicks
after lowering the price to $40, after several days, i had over 20 people reach out.
and that it was in no way her fault i know it's just the way the website is and it's annoying.
she confessed she lied to me about the deliberate ignoring and the excuses.
my left light went out tuesday night.
&#x200b; &#x200b; me: except i have a detailed history, with screenshots of the " situation" and the interpretation of the situation might be a difference of opinion but record exists that can be cited.
for those who aren't really into ceramics like that that was a big fucking deal to me.
then a massive argument ensued saying i made her look like a slut for having a man run off with other girls, i explain i have no friends here as i just arrived and i only wanted to see the museum (i even said this since coming to china i want to see the museums, i love history).
i have never translated these feelings into reality.
golden years spent in brass urn
it looks great with my dress.
i’ll have to work on my empathy towards others as i try to find the balance between personal responsibility/not being a continual victim.
i pick up my friend, she rides shotgun, the other two are riding in the back.
i made friends on my own at the secondary school but a was very shy and quiet and socially awkward (i think she has autism), so it was harder for her to make friends.
i opened his phone to show him a friends message and instagram was open showing he owned an account that harassed me.
i adopted a ron swanson attitude about my birthday in my teens and i have not told anyone about it since.
study finds only 1 in 3 lasik surgeries end in laser boring through eye, incinerating brain, shooting through skull on other side
'someone in this room tonight will be murdered by an illegal immigrant,' announces trump just before lights go out
of course, she won't apologize for shit.
just like every other friend group we like to make fun of eachother, brutally.
at the beginning it was a kinda go with the flow no pressure thing, but it naturally turned into more serious stuff and talk about a real future together that i thought we were both excited for, especially since he keeps joking about how i should have married him in the first place and i'll be so much happier *when* we get married.
his argument is that he still has to see her and doesn’t want to make things awkward at work.
trump condemns white house staffers' use of secret recording studio
one girl randomly acknowledges me by saying my dress looks nice.
we call it white tie night, though we dont actually wear white ties.
scientists warn americans to stay away from that bird
dozens of knockoff internets flood market after patent expires
i'm annoyed with myself, and pissed at the group that nobody else seemed to give a shit either.
flock of suicidal geese drinking up the courage to down jetliner
i called her a little bitch.
so i’m not sure how to feel or handle this situation.
there's a difference between 'i can't 😂' and 'no' right??
christmas tree still sitting on curb outside rockefeller center
i hate madison because i know from my boyfriend’s friend that she is a huge racist.
&#x200b; &#x200b; so my question is, &#x200b; am i an asshole, for giving a talk at a university, for staying 15 minutes longer to talk with the students there?
i should mention - none of my family/friends are actually still friends irl with the ex nor do they communicate with her to my knowledge.
the response was that miriam is dealing with a family issue and to cut her some slack.
he is a full time apprentice and i've worked out that the holiday would cost about 10% of his wage from now to when we'd go away (about 6 months).
kindergartener's account of day at school passionate, incomprehensible
it’s the first night of 2019.
i called the campus police as i had been told they take care of stray dogs on campus, but they told me the only remove dogs that are a potential threat and it was against university policy to take in strays so of they caught me with a dog o could potentially get in trouble.
parasites just getting the hang of how host does things
aita for what i said about a kid's temper tantrums?
there were periods of time where i tried to give up, but that would just make me depressed and plunge me into a perpetual state of despair.
am i the asshole for making plans to spend my birthday and eat dinner with a girl i rejected at a honestly bad time.
he finally talked to me and said he was paying off a ring (turned out to be a small lie, he was saving money to pay it all at once.
i also don't really care for the fact that people kind of make their living on twitch by people's generosity and if your popularity kind of dies out then your livelihood kind of dies out as well.
erica was probably going to sleep here tonight, until tiffany suggested she go with her!
that to me sounds like a prison and it was life they didn't try to be good parents and they had no money to show for it.
telling pablo hes retarded and that he definitely doesnt know what hes talking about.
tl;dr: this has become quite a long writing.
this evening her dad, stepmom, sister and sister's boyfriend are having their first big food truck event.
prison returns bag of semi-automatic guns, hit list to coast guard terror suspect at release
you couldn't have waited for me?
new seals & croft cd club offers 600 seals & crofts cds for a penny
aita for telling my neighbor i will not be using her wi-fi anymore?
&#x200b; so, am i the asshole for traveling while sick?
he already payed it so it’s not like we’re going to be late.
i yelled repeatedly, why did she do this (not telling me about the guy) and i wondered why she hid the guy from me for so long.
romney delivers stern warning to china, speaking directly into the camera in fluent mandarin
everyone in bustling chinese parade attempting to elude pursuers
i couldn't convince rose to have a conversation with her mom.
coworker with fluorescent bike vest treats office to futuristic light show on way to desk
then the actual nurse with phone appears.
the days prior to meeting up people were discussing where to go in the group app.
i don't like dances and they make me awkward.
for her to tell me these low-effort excuses and then disprove them herself by telling me about hanging out with her friends, it felt like a slap in the face.
the entire thing was about how much she hated 'crybabies' and 'pansies'.
missed call from dad at 9 a.m. strikes terror into area man's heart
to understand this topic you'd have to understand my background.
man surprised by how often he still uses bullying skills he learned in high school
palestinians prepare for massive ground invasion
my brother has been dealing with mental illness for most of his life, he has pretty bad anxiety, depression, and add and barely scraped out of hs with decent marks.
aita for hating my autistic sister-in-law?
they go out of their way to rearrange their basement for us to play, and they have a large supply of game paraphernalia and minis that belong to the husband.
later that day my mil called my wife to bitch her out about this and basically they are super angry and think it's rude of us to ask them to change and we are stupid for worrying about the environmental impact of their gifts.
they wanted to drop him.off so that i could take him home so i told them the address of the venue and they came around and dropped him off about a block away.
93% of americans admit they occasionally check behind shower curtain for bad guys
and she was okay, but i couldn’t see being her girlfriend.
but unless i'm dying or going to jail i don't tell them anything i just share it with her.
the thing with that is that he is a homebody and he likes staying in.
abortion doctor's murder sparks waves of calm, rational discussion
yeah, i get that in america, nobody cares, but this is japan where things are different.
i went and bought our tickets, let them choose and took the remaining one.
don't tell her reason why b/c i feel it's best not to.
i used many supporting and comforting words.
my department has a brand new post-doc named samuel, who came from scotland.
new cereal for poor stays crunchy in water
last year was the best christmas of their life....someone should tell them there is no santa” me, “1.
after i was in the car for a few minutes, my wife called.
keep in mind, i've only known her for like a week or less, so it was really weird to me.
i was riding my bicycle on the street i pass every day and usually during this time of day it's very calm, no traffic.
from my pov, it would make more sense for her to schedule her visits when she knows that we most likely will be 'in the clear' so to speak.
savings passed on to local woman
so finally we were at a light and some choad came up next to us with a weak ass system and finally my pride got the best of me and let aiden absolutely crank the system.
i do feel like it was unfair for me to say that i would cancel the party; i attempted to fix it but guilt was a factor in his/her decision.
even as adults she usually bought us each something nice we wanted, think washer/dryer or big screen tv.
a lot of us had gotten pretty drunk including me and this friend, throughout the night we had been just like normal and nothing weird happened.
god pissed solar eclipse not visible from heaven
he said he would put money above what he's earning now in a joint savings account so we can buy a house and hopefully achieve financial independence.
j.k. rowling revealed to be pseudonym for newt gingrich
i've been stressed so maybe i'm just being moody and sensitive today.
she even reached into a bun-bag she was wearing, despite my protestations and began to fish for a five euro.
i knew at the beginning of the semester that i was applying to go abroad this spring semester and was accepted a little bit before our thanksgiving break.
your sister ran off on me.
but i no longer trusted him and would get upset a lot and was unhappy i soon realised i no longer loved him.
my parents didn't take any further action.
sleepover guests get story straight on what time they went to bed
(car accidents, being stabber and horrible stuff like that) to get sympathy.
i have a 16 year old daughter.
we ended up dating for almost a year and had a really passionate relationship, and i would wager to say that me and patrick were a lot closer than henry and patrick ever were.
he sends her messages on social media asking her to wear the panties and send them back to him.
the whole clan (mom, dad and kids) all got in their driveway and just started screaming their heads off.
israel agrees to creation of palestinian homeroom
'rocketman' viewers not sure movie really needed 45-minute princess diana death scene
russians to build, tear down statue
i kinda stormed off and was a bit pissed at her for the rest of the day.
financial experts recommend young grifters start laying groundwork for long con by 25
american airlines to phase out complimentary cabin pressurization
because we all knew we did, and none of us gave a shit.
facebook friend also expressed that she did not want to talk to mutual friend for me and wanted to try and stay out of it as much as possible.
aunt threatens to devour helpless newborn's toes
edit: i have nothing against impoverished families even though i know my post may sound like it.
literally the next day i come over to her dorm as she asked.
i feel justified in my anger, and because of this and the soup incident i feel like my wife's absent-mindedness might someday lead to a really serious injury.
at a stopover however when i was buying a pretzel for myself he had walked away nowhere to be found.
not only did i say no because she’s quite frankly the worst, but also because i don’t want my wife and i to have such a strain on our currently happy marriage.
because of this, rm brought a really comfy chair up and we all kinda share it.
coal now too expensive to put in christmas stockings
cash-strapped trump forced to replace eric trump with cheap migrant son
google's 9/11 homepage design stirs controversy
she said she meant it as a joke but it pissed him off.
she says it’s too much, but i found one for $400 black friday and she agreed to split it with me, but it counts as my spouse’s birthday gift this year and mine next year as well.
i am now considering paying for half of my brother gym membership behind her bag in order to get my sparring buddy back.
the picture was from one of those sjw websites and it was comparing the attires of nuns to the hijab and saying that there was no difference.
while i did vacillate between who i should invite, i ended up spending my time with kermit.
since her car broke down i helped her out.
inhibitions found in seedy motel room
it just seems strange that it prevents her from coming to a meal with people she knows and who go out of their way to make sure everyone is comfortable at the event, and not from her cashier job at a very busy grocery store where the majority of customers will get very pissy if you're not fast enough, or the item won't scan, or what have you.
he's all mad that i take it so serious, but that's literally who i am and who i've been my entire life.
aita for yelling at my daughter and grounding her?
such as "hey mom how are you?" (i'm not feeling well)" oh hun i'm so sorry do you need anything?" i'd understand if she had asked.
michael bennet quietly asks aide if polling at n/a is good or bad
i start to chew him out on how he could leave his stuff around on such a regular basis.
i'm taking ap literature this year not because i give a damn about literature, but because i want the ap credit to pad my transcript and make college easier later on.
war on string may be unwinnable, says cat general
i don't find them particularly attractive.
i then asked if he thinks he can go pro in youtube and he said yes .
story: so last night i was working downstairs when my mother comes down and tells me that my father is about to light the hanukkah candles.
woman comforting friend just going to throw compliments against wall and see what sticks
( or they just didn't open our messaged idk) next day we told them about what we thought was a funny thing to do.
i got my friend dude b (who my friend coincidentally also had a crush on) to trick her into thinking that he hated me too, so that she would tell him information or whatever.
ant hoping queen will notice pretzel crumb he got her
friend's threats to come visit becoming disturbingly more genuine
they angrily gave me $50 but our friendship is now strained and i don’t know that that is a fair repayment.
woman can't wait to get home and take off uncomfortable persona
teacher's lounge the site of 5 separate emotional breakdowns today
i'm not even sure if i can post on someone else's behalf, i'm relatively new to reddit, but, here goes my girlfriend has a 50 minute commute to the university she works at and on one particular morning, during her commute she was sat adjacent to 4 men (i assume heading to work due to them being in suits).
so what i'm thinking is: i'll just lead her on, hit that, then pretend i never knew her.
going out to dinner with food-loving friend a huge ordeal
boehner just wants wife to listen, not come up with alternative debt-reduction ideas
anyway this was months ago, and i’ve learned from my mistake.
**4 months later** - get text from wilson "that sneak dis tho", ask for clarification, he sends a screencap of the aforementioned messages between me and bill.
if anyone wants me to elaborate further i will try my best to explain it better if thats ok
robed mark warner infiltrates secret torchlit ahca ceremony deep in woods behind capitol
woman stalked across 8 websites by obsessed shoe advertisement
i’m furious at her for so quickly wanting to give up the life we built together.
if we do different things, for example if we just talk, she stays up much longer.
she had also tried nicotine before, so i didn’t introduce this to her.
stuff with a bit more plot than just scary for the sake of being scary.
she hasn’t said anything to me and i don’t think she going to but her bf in passing made light conversation with me.
and when i said i didn't, i got treated like i was the most unreasonable person ever.
not her just paying for my movie tickets because she just wanted to get the promise over with.
it’s a reasonable expectation that people move to the middle, or at least not roll their eyes when everyone has to climb over them!
fda deems genetically modified salmon too handsome to eat
cackling julian assange disintegrates into lines of code as baffled authorities attempt to handcuff him
bush determined to find warehouse where ark of covenant is stored
but here's the thing now, i definitely don't forgive him for what he did to me but i also don't want him to change or repent.
trump struck by beautiful vision of what america could be while looking out over seething, screaming arizona crowd
just about everything that happens on the island stays in the island, and everything that happens outside of the island stays outside of the island.
she was mad since she was the only one there to work but she offered for me to leave early, i'm confused because it made me feel guilty like i was in the wrong but i was just taking up the offer she made me, aita?
lapd going about day in uncomfortable silence
she was a bit of a party girl in college and ended up sleeping with a few guys.
i cut myself in the leg, but it’s not too bad and it doesn’t show.
she says if she gets a car, she wants the satisfaction of knowing that she paid for it herself.
i just can't think what i did or said that would be the cause of this much drama.
my boyfriend and i are both 17 and we've been together for about a year now.
she lives by herself, my grandfather died 5 years ago.
i confronted her about it and she told me that she’s been consistently going to the gym four times a week and that i was an asshole for accusing her of being lazy.
however, we were friends outside the context of their relationship i.e.
terrible fucking taste sweeps teen choice awards
jenna elfman mentally prepares answer to inevitable question about her outfit
employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
our acc choir was singing 2 songs on our own, then 3 songs as a megachoir, with everyone from all the attending choirs all singing together.
heroin addicts pressure president to stay course in afghanistan
then again, i did want to spend some time with them before i moved away.
new law determines bullets no longer responsibility of owner once fired from gun
i later apologized to mom and laura for being rude, however i didn't apologize for not letting her stay because i think i have the right to do so.
he asked me if i would drive him home, and i said yes, but under the condition that he better get his ass out to my car fast.
freddie prinze jr. fan's favorite color also green
he’s touching me and kind of aggressive.
&#x200b; so when my friends and i first started discussing the trip, i asked if it would be alright for my guy to come along.
i lied and said “oh, i got hit by a volleyball while playing.
do you want anything from wendy’s?
new election ruling allows candidates to remain completely anonymous throughout campaign
granted i tried to let it go.
fcc to fine americans who don't keep up with tv shows
extremely vibrant town able to sustain two buffalo wild wings
'how could harvey weinstein get away with this?' asks man currently ignoring sexual misconduct of 17 separate coworkers, friends, acquaintances
i could definitely have one for a while".
he did not know about me and sarah's relationship so i do not put any of the blame on him.
aita for thinking my colleague should be fired?
edit 3: looks like i’m the asshole.
light turns green for me as a car or two still pass by “catching” the left turn from the opposing side...
you don't need to tell me that.
report: 40 percent of american high-school students mind-reading at sixth-grade level
today my sister and her two daughters came over to my place.
judge sentences lori loughlin to 100 hours of community theater
1st we were all friends and all was well until my alcoholism took control months and months ago.
all the other "models" were congregating near the bar.
least corrupt politician in illinois history sentenced to 14 years in prison
couple sneaks away from party for a little arguing
i also told my boss that hes been talking about switching companies which is a lie.
me and some of my friends are quite well versed in machines due to the engineering background, so we can fix it.
i mean, i know that dogs bark but when it goes on for 2 or 3 hours at a time, then yeah, that's a nuisance.
but she's lazy on this one thing.
**aita** for going back to work at this pace, given the circumstances?
parent takes out $100 bill in front of wide-eyed 7-year-old
the next night, she went to a party, blacked out, and had sex with someone else who she said was a previously good friend that she has now broken contact with.
grandfather clock does loop-the-loop with pendulum when no one looking
new 'wondersplint' makes fractures appear larger; fuller
she ignores me for about another 30 minutes, then i send another few messages, because i'm starting to get more worried about her.
i like peace and quiet, it's nice and tranquil.
warren buffett can't believe he has to live next to powerball winner
stressed-out paul ryan uses cheat day to indulge in one bipartisan vote
however regularly dirty dishes are left about and i ask m to clean them, eventually i stop seeing them left about so i assume everything is fine.
local church full of brainwashed idiots feeds town's poor every week
we did some work in a nursing home and a homeless shelter.
i say i hate the way you're acting.
i do give them credit tho.
plan to be more positive off to shitty fucking start
the fact is that if organs had a monetary value then there would be more organs to help people who need them.
so all was good, girlfriend was super appreciative that i watched him for the day and even started talking about the next night she has off and her mom can watch aiden, she'll stay at my place for the first time.
executive reschedules wife's birthday for october
so i started with loud throat clearing and worked my way up to some bizarre yelping noises from one side of my mouth.
so after he leaves she asks me to dance with her and it gets pretty heated with a lot of touching and grinding.
i started going forward and revved the engine to pretend to hit her (i wouldn't have actually done it obviously).
new study finds americans need 6 hours of sleep at work
he does this once a week.
gondolier ordered to follow that gondola
i au paired for 5 months for a pretty nice family.
she said he was asking for me and that i could have called him back.
but i feel like what she did was not appropriate, especially since as i said, she basically stopped talking to that guy.
over the holidays my family went out to see the new spiderman movie at the theater.
however, i got several texts from her asking when we were gonna go out next time, and that sort of stuff, which i've ignored, since i don't want any relationship type shit with her, or anyone really.
man waiting to see how few more decades of racial violence play out before taking action
then on new years, my boyfriend of 2 years proposed.
twelve more pie-fucking movies in the works
she said that my fiancee was being selfish and needed to back off because she was trying to manipulate me.
timothée chalamet donates 30,000 smoldering looks to time's up fund in wake of woody allen controversy
other guests included my wife's son and daughter and two graduate students from the university i work at.
fast forward to two days later and i get this message at work: "i'm just not the kind of person to do catch ups all the time i just enjoy the company of my family and just being by myself so definitely dont take it personally.
he hasn’t had lots of exposure to new people/dogs prior to me adopting him.
aita for not liking my secret santa gift.
i feel like i am too controlling and manipulative over my girlfriend sometimes, and i worry that i brush these occurrences away via the means of mental gymnastics, as demonstrated in the paragraph above.
fcc chief cites special occasion for allowing vaginal penetration on network sitcom
my manager was ready to fire her but needed someone to replace her shifts.
she wasn't letting my explain myself so i told her she was being a cunt and went inside my own house after locking the garage.
i quit my dream job to help support him and moved to another country with our three kids for this job of his.
i said, actually can you give me the coin and i'll run and get them right now.
this isn’t the first time we’ve had a fight due to his whole craigslist thing.
to me it looked like any other photo....
aita: i drove 30 miles on a 2 lane highway with my high beams on web i realized one of my lights went out as to not get pulled over.
i just find them stupid and ignorant.
we tell her it was a no go.
one more piece of info you need is that this co-worker, (we will call him c), and i have been kind of seeing each other.
i am technically allergic so i don't think it is wrong, i haven't actually lied.
tl;dr as i was joining a line in a drive thru a car cut me off and then about a minute later a second car attempted to do the same thing except this time i didn't budge and after we inched forward back and forth about 12 times i hit her car going less than 3 mph that dented her car.
my opinion is that she has far more time to do more chores and that i’m the breadwinner and should be expected to do less around the home.
spend all the money that i've been saving on the trip and have a blast, meet japanese girls, get drunk on a karaoke, eat ramen on the street, take some pictures of a sakura tree, sleep in a capsule, meet japanese girls x2, visit aokigahara (it has a really spiritual meaning for me) and probably stay there for as much as i can.
surely he should have told me this from the start?
i shook my head, telling him he’d been gone for half an hour, the chair was up for grabs, as usual.
aita for not wanting to be around/ interact with people with mental disabilities?
part of the joy of living overseas is forming new relationships, and i don't want to restrict my ability to have romantic relationships by being in a long-distance relationship with my gf.
sat found to be biased in favor of non-hungover
i think she's pretty, but i'm not sexually attracted to her if that makes sense.
i am very confused and just want some genuine feedback , thanks!
almost 2 years ago (before my now girlfriend and were even considering dating), we had exactly two moments where we made out, one of which where we were both in relationships - meaning we both cheated.
my schedule is different every week but my hours are usually always 2 or 3 morning shifts (6am-3pm) and two overnight shifts (11pm-10am).
heartbroken russian ambassador thought special meetings with jeff sessions were very memorable
i say "on paper" because neither me nor my wife believed that this ended our obligation to pay her back in some way.
i heard they got harassed as well.
grandmother will live on in arguments over her wedding china
she was very kind and showed me around everywhere, even asking a friend of hers to let me crash at his place.
despite this we realized we are completely right as friends.
i'm really conflicted about all this because i want him to be happy, but i also want everyone to be able to spend time with him.
this is such a vague silly post but it's bothering me because it's just an example of things that constantly happen in my family, where i'll disagree with the rest of the family and they perceive me as an asshole, because of things i say.
bernie sanders repeatedly scolded for attempting to unionize debate moderators
i then decided that i would stop doing anything with her because i felt that was the nicest thing to do if i didn’t want her to get feelings for me.
mom hasn't said full, uninterrupted sentence to family since 1997
i told them to be happy and defend their honour they need to beat the main bully up and get revenge for everything, it would be the best if they destroy his life.
wine glasses, burnt-down candles, strewn rose petals suggest dolphins courting pete carroll
i took four of my pills because i forgot about the other two that i took.
we had dated for three years and it was pretty serious, but it eventually went to shit, hence the “ex” part.
people generally think i'm a pretty nice, kind person.
widow still can't bring herself to get rid of husband's corpse
ownership of the fridges are also split 50/50, so he seemed cool with that.
when we got to my place she was very into me and wanted me and sex quite obviously.
&#x200b; however, i am tired of constantly checking to see if their dog is out and waiting for hours for them to let him back in.
i've tried asking them to keep it down, which was met with an apology and some quiet...
i’m sexually attracted to him, although my sex drive naturally is extremely low.
she forgave me, and said she wanted to be with me again, but i later found out that she had at least an emotional fling (she claims they never had sex because she was on her period) with a guy she met on a trip with some of her friends to another country.
world map rearranged to accommodate poor geography skills of americansnations ordered alphabetically
during the night i can tell she's not sleeping and i ask what's wrong, "nothing" being her only reply.
and i just looked at her and said "you did that!".
i was so so sorry and kept saying sorry but this young guy was literally in the fetal position crying.
chicago announces new tax breaks to attract major new york, la shootings
she is given the flexibility to go out when she likes and does so multiple times a month.
robots speak out against asimov's first law of robotics
i was annoyed with my daughter for this and was telling her when he told me i needed to "chill," because it "wasnt a big deal." he said i was yeling at her, but i wasnt--though i was obviously annoyed and frustrated.
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: don't come complaining to me about the people in my guild ( ) the only reason they are against is for whatever reason you gave them &#x200b; &#x200b; me: so you are blaming me & taking his word without any proof?
and shes getting fucked by this guy.
partner then made the same post from their perspective and was still called a total a.
we have a love hate relationship due to a lifetime of issues.
new study finds unplanned pregnancies continuing to decline in bruce springsteen lyrics
she she must have noticed because she asked if i’d like to talk to her manager.
coleman unveils new slowly leaking air mattress for house guests who won't take a hint
the friend did not attend, and i canceled the party the next morning/the day before the party.
i couldn't see most of his grill in my rearview at all.
he says he left it in his cubby.
fringe catholic sect doesn't tolerate child abuse
researchers no closer to understanding what the fuck you're talking about
they've called a few times since then, but the voicemails are only about logistics.
man hates being put in position where he has to think, feel, or act
basically this girl is like my best friend and girlfriend, we live close, do the same things and have the same hobbies.
aita for threatening to throw out my roommates dishes?
2) people seem to not have realized the fact that we have already spoken about this, and the she agrees with me on the topic.
so in december we had our first baby, an amazingly beautiful little boy who we both adore.
i agreed and planned on seeing her wednesday night.
aita for wanting to try to have a baby and continuing to work on the marriage at the same time?
aita for bantering about a streamers stream?
what makes me wonder if i'm an asshole is the fact that i am getting a scholarship out of this.
i did it more than once, so exec was quick to tell me to chill on that joke.
papa john's removes n-word from menus
marine corps shortens slogan to 'the few'
she also says that if she has to take me, i will have to pay for petrol, because she can’t afford it (because she is a bit of a shopaholic but that’s another issue which we are working on together).
report: that's expensive, please put that down
i mean sure i used curse words but that's who i am i curse like a mother fuck, and the second message i literally said, "but again, it's not fucked up if you can prove me wrong," in the hopes they'd show me why i'm wrong.
man attempting to determine whether restaurant closed without getting too close
more that she kind of put my hand up there, and i was too tired to really care.
aita fit paying someone to visit my dementia ridden grandma instead of me.
she pretty much has no curves at all and i don’t find it very attractive.
'please, melania, don't leave us!' pleads king of wooded faerie realm as first lady climbs back into tree hollow
they also may ignore when i need to exit the bus, as i often am the only one who exits at my stop.
in 2012 she bought some cheap plain black pants.
new study shows majority of late afternoon sleepiness at work caused by undetected carbon monoxide leak
sometimes, it turns into a small group of people, forming a line that slithers its way through the gaps in the masses.
i assured him i do it sometimes too, but make sure you do it very seldom and throw away the evidence.
aita for not wanting my sister to get a second dog?
think i even want to marry him.
this was during the day, at night when nthey weren't screaming, they would blast country music from their car radio.
so i told her if she buys a handgun i will get a rifle since since it’s only fair.
world's leading scientists nervously stand next to poster-board displays as nobel committee walks through gymnasium
alan alda realizes it's less important than what's going on, but wonders if people know he's getting sag life achievement award
him and his friend left, and it’s likely due to what i said.
i knew exactly what type of pain i was risking throughout this process and actively chose to take that risk based on my personal values.
she dropped one in a toilet.
mil didnt say anything, she just chuckled.
death of sailor in iconic vj-day photo reminds americans of halcyon days when wars still ended
i try to reason i already have an a in the class and that i needed to turn it in so i could pass that class.
he was flabbergasted by my response.
technophile has coolest junk drawer ever
screaming at me "look what you did!".
basically, i passive aggressively told one of her friends that she is a prostitute.
creative writing professor takes time to give every student personalized false hope
c is saying that i'm just being a dick so i would like to know if i am actually being an asshole.
slightly overweight middle-aged woman really carrying rest of church choir
study finds controlled washington, d.c. wildfires crucial for restoring healthy political environment
so me being me left it unopened not knowing what to do because it was awkward atm.
the lady asked for the $20 fee and asked who was paying for it and i assumed she was because 1) that’s typically not something a kid would pay for 2) i didn’t bring my wallet.
aita for shagging someone i know boyfriend doesn't approve of?
i was having tailbone pain with the other chair.
that next monday at the lunch table, my friends roasted me about how g had taken my girl and asked me why i was so butthurt about it.
red cross issues reminder they can't accept donations from people with loose blood cupped in hands
she is an addict and he is great with money.
she passed her test last week and is looking to buy a car for under £500.
area dad will only watch things in hd
we had an argument about my mom having psychosis.
so i returned them for a full refund and now hes pissed.
vatican policymaking once again manipulated by powerful second commandment rights groups
we share a room, and she’d been doing this basically since she woke up.
dating for 6 months, we hit it off really quickly.
my boyfriend was outside waiting for me to go get lunch with him, so i mentioned that i was late because i thought someone had broken into my room.
aita for being offended whenever my family decides to go out, i’m usually the last one to head out the door, not because i take too long getting ready, but because i choose the last 5 minutes to do so.
library of congress adds 3 titles to list of films that should be destroyed forever
shots were poured, laughs were had and stories were shared.
tina yothers fantasy camp files for bankruptcy
outgoing hhs secretary tommy thompson caught with briefcase full of flu vaccine
the longer we stay together, the more it could hurt if we do break up.
social media startup looking for smug little fuck to take leadership role
hopefully we will start tomorrow on a better footing.
twitter introduces red x mark to verify users it's okay to harass
'fuck you,' obama says in hilarious correspondents' dinner speech
in fact i'm feeling guilty writing this post because i have to get back to work.
partly because of mum's work hours and also due to a set of injuries she had sustained before i was born, i've not had the chance as a kid to really develop that same bond and trust; honestly, i feel like i've never had a connection with her at all.
i jumped on craigslist and managed to find a guy in the local area who was willing for a meagre 10 bucks an hour to visit my nana at her care home and pretend to be family.
i asked what’s her reasoning why the handgun is less dangerous and her only reasoning was because the ar is big and not for self defense.
local play well-attended by friends, family
bush asks advice for this friend of his who invaded iraq
area dad didn't shell out $100 at aquarium for lecture about ecosystem
we had kinda talked about getting another one a hour before but it was my understanding that we'd rather not have to remove our tv and entertainment center into the storage.
max had never bit a person before her though.
it’s worth noting that petunia has recently been diagnosed with some really bad disabling diseases that basically make her diet restricted and means she can’t do much in the way of exercise.
my sister doesn't have this happen because she's quiet even when she disagrees.
married for four years but together for 12 and we have a young child together.
and i feel like if i go back i’m just asking to be bit again.
dad actually yelled at that guy
area mom raving about phoenix airport
the timing was just too perfect.
we do love each other very much and want a future together, but we both felt a certain stagnation and tension early on.
he didn't take it too well.
yall are the most real people out there; hope you can tell me whether or not i was a dick.
so i text her asking if these have been dates or us just hanging out as friends.
my dad is a big cigar guy.
report: murderer who escaped in 1996 remains most successful case of prisoner reintegration
she doesn’t actively pursue promotions or have seniority etc.
yeah, it was completely savage...and i have an anger problem sometimes.
i can’t baby him about it.
i explained the whole situation, and she understood it, that they were getting revenge for getting their dog taken away.
however, after they surrendered the vehicle to the insurance company, they told me i better "start saving up for a new vehicle".
my sons are married and live in different countries, do not have kids, and we talk on the phone every few months.
ben stiller peels banana with own feet
from now till the start she had been extremely un-empathetic and i was still pretty pissed.
the background story, as succinctly as i can manage, is as follows, with a tl;dr at the very bottom of the story (prior to my aita questions): my wife and i were expecting our baby daughter to come in late january, but she was too excited to meet us i guess, as she decided to come early in late october.
so i see her take food out the fridge, microwave it, and eat in the kitchen right next to me.
senior citizen keeps mind active by contemplating death
the school has a low cost option available, but i do not know what it is.
billionaire reading name in panama papers totally forgot he even had funds in seychelles
my wife is going away on a week long trip.
tonight, my phone was dead and i wanted to use the bathroom.
trump thanks united nations for inviting him to their country
now my sister usually pays for food when we go out to eat because she has several different baby sitting jobs and makes a lot of money off of it, i never ask her to pay or anything and i appreciate her paying for it because i don’t have a job and usually can’t afford those things especially with college coming soon.
area man's hairstyle history eerily mirrors kevin bacon's
because of people like this chick.
like in the same office but we never see each other.
we both had off, and we would see some good friends which included the other bridesmaids, so we all went.
i get that some people are more clumsy, but at this point, i'm getting irritated by how she clearly disregards her and other people's objects.
for further background this is someone i thought i was very good friends with, who from my perspective completely ignored their guild members actions & shifted the blame entirely on to me.
it’s worth noting that this woman and her husband are very weird people .
the situation is copied from that post.
trump unfairly claims credit for rise in economic inequality that occurred under obama's watch
most guys are into lesbians and queer women.
aita for not agreeing with sharing the total costs of a bill that included an error in one of my friends' and my favor with my two friends after agreeing to each go dutch?
man figures he has 2 more bites of roommate's leftovers before it noticeable
i tell him the main fridge is all his and that i have a goal to stop opening or looking inside of it.
and i'm not one to start fighting back at people as i'd rather just ignore them and hope they lose interest but one day she actually pissed me off enough that i started insulting her back and when she threw pens at me i threw them back harder, which she didn't like as on my way home she caught up to me where she and i would be alone.
elementary schoolers depressed after getting look at voters filing out of gymnasium
we show up in my car but it turns out we need to go in my roommate's much roomier car to pick up large boards and pallets to make a stage.
my issue is that he's not, nor has he ever been, in any scouting organization.
small town girl makes good porn
this job has a through application process and a lenghty training program before you actually start.
i feel like things are winding down with us and she’s expressed to me recently that she is coming to accept she and i will not be in a relationship.
this morning i called her and she's still pissed off at me.
i actually woke him up (it's midnight here) so he was kind of out of it.
kendra ended it with him and alex didn't take it well for a while.
already buying her favorite snacks for the weekend.
i finally gave up and told him , "okay".
i just want to know if this is one of those situations where it's permitted for me to hate myself.
bush celebrates millionth utterance of 'lessons of sept. 11'
wait another 30 minutes, my fear and saddness has kinda turned into anger.
the streamer doesn’t have rules about that but then talking about their depression get annoying honestly.
american citizens split on doj memo authorizing government to kill them
astronomers admit they made neptune up
i messaged back yes, apologizing, saying he'd have to start supper.
man wasting his life playing video games when there whole world of other screens out there
long story, there will be a tl;dr at the end, so you may skip this detailed story if desired.
i'll keep it up so people can see how it got actually resolved.
everyone agreed my dream destination was too expensive.
counseling would be beneficial for everyone involved, so i will be notifying cps and the pa family support alliance.
she won’t show me her ass anymore and is hesitant to take her clothes off in front of me.
i did a reverse lookup and went to his house, unannounced.
childish gambino teases concept album exploring what world might be like if he put a shirt on
whenever i have tried to say hi to his daughter.
jon bon jovi jealous of former classmate who made it out of jersey
aita for wanting my sister to do the dishes?
couple keeps marriage together for sake of no one
i bring it up with her and ask why she didn't give me any and she started to cuss and shout about how i disrespected her privacy and how i shouldn't have taken any of the stuff in her room, while simultaneously telling me to go kill myself.
good scissors not in the fucking drawer
she texts back and is mad at me because she says didn't want to look sad on her friends story and stops talking to me for a day or two.
when we went to college we started hanging out a lot because we knew each other already so we figured we might as well and we quickly became best friends, one of the closest i’ve ever had.
18-to-35 white, male demographic still searching for perfect way to quench its thirst
he asks her what she’s cooking, and she gives him food (the fact she stills speaks to him appalls me as well, but anyways).
last night i made a pot roast and used a corn starch slurry to make the gravy.
is it that bad that i asked her to shave?
now to the story: b and i have a very close relationship even though there are more than 10 years between us, b dos not have as stable economy as my girl find and i do, do to some mental hurdles which he has more or less passed now but in this down time he did end owing me (and there for my girlfriend) more than 228 dollars.
last wednesday she gave us 2 worksheets to do, and we had to translate 2 pages of a book we’re reading.
i got into a pretty big fight with my dad and told him about how he embarrasses me.
father doesn't understand teenage son's obsession with classic rock
pathetic, washed-up rock star on fifth decade of doing exactly what he always wanted
couple should get dinner with other couple, couple reports
thrill-seeker microwaves pot pie without slitting crust
she later makes spaghetti for dinner, nothing else is talked about related to this team meeting or work.
in the 90's my dad was hired to beat up, scare a known stalker and convicted rapist who was harrassing another mans wife.
so, a couple of years ago, i developed a crush on this girl we'll call j.
it's not super often but happens occasionally when he eats something he's not supposed to and he gets irritated.
she came to me and asked if i could get translate something for her.
the older one spit soda all over the plant.
i ride motorcycles, i own a 2017 honda grom.
clinton says badtz-maru may be his favorite sanrio character
congress raises killing age to 19
add that the added awkwardness of me not greeting them for the last 5 days.
we take them everywhere together and they absolutely love each other.
abc cancels acting with the stars
man just wants to come home, hear lindsay lohan made fun of, get some sleep
she also said she still wants to have sex with me, and doesn't want an open relationship or other men, and she doesnt want me to be with other women.
they let me out because i didn't want to go to rehab or anything.
from my understanding, you are upset with me for reporting it, but may i remind you that as a parent, and a pastor, it is your duty to report cases of sexual abuse.
so he gave me his user name and password so i could get on, record the story and send it to hime and the few others who were in the party.
(work + travelling to work) 7 p.m.
i was always honest though about whether we did it and she never seemed bothered by it.** by the way, she’s a very functional drunk.
in august, a big tree on my property fell into his yard, in the rough, wild section past the stream.
aita for wanting to play ps4 instead of show my girlfriend attention?
diphtheria excited about possibility of new outbreak
measuring spoon hasn't looked back ever since being detached from ring
because she has the easier job out of both of us?
'i look forward to ending my life,' says assisted suicide advocate before being shot out of cannon at brick wall
but on the morning i asked her multiple times if what happened during the night was okay for her, and she had replied multiple times that all was fine.
i don't really understand what's changed.
my friend asked me to fix the phone and i agreed to do so but thing is, i didn't crack his screen protector, i cracked his phone's glass.
and bad enough to get possibly dumped over??
not to sound crazy but i had feelings for her.
from an outsider's perspective it simply seems fishy.
springer audience now just chanting 'kill! kill!'
aita for being angry at my gf for not wanting to have penetrative sex with me.
ive never cheated on anyone, and i never plan on it, because i see how much other people hate it, and ive been in a relationship before.
4-year-old's idea of barbie, ken marriage involves lots of head collisions
i'm sick right now and have been hanging out in bed most of the day.
now every time after this i looked at either one of them i was overcome by pain since this was truly the first girl i ever really liked.
aita if i want to instill a fear of flying into my 5 and 2 year old daughters?
in years past i have taken him on trips, bought bottle service at clubs, tickets to his favorite sporting events etc.
i got really mad, and asked her how she could say she loves me yet sleep with some dude the same night she ended things with me.
macarthur genius grant goes right up recipient's nose
baby found on doorstep moved to neighbor's doorstep
next thing i know her 350 lb java the hut looking boyfriend is about to hyperventilate over the fact and starts yelling at me.
wife says i should have tipped valet.
i told her apple juice makes you fat, slow and your teeth turn brown.
me: you can’t even go 5 minutes without being a hypocrite.
at this point i was mad , not only had i overheard her talking to her friends about how she thought that i was "funny" , but she had also flirted with me before.
margin notes left on menu from previous ruby tuesday customer
but when i propositioned him on christmas morning - he told me no, we had to get ready and my birthday isn’t until tomorrow.
i did not ask her directly for food, but i did complain about the lack of it i had been eating.
not an every day snap, but maybe once or twice a month sort of snap.
study reveals majority of suicides occur while trying to put fitted sheet on bed
a text notification popped up from a male friend i met on r/r4r.
i am furious (sorry for the caps).
i had every intention of deleting this account anyway.
but since it's google, they look mainly for "googleyness" which means they look for good people and aren't so worried about performance.
he has put his hands on his family or basically been a dead beat dad for the entirety of his children's lives.
deformed, half-feathered audubon society president flees into forest after injecting self with bird dna
armed with the two injustices i dealt her: liking the instagram photo and saying it wasn't a big deal, she went off on me saying how i invalidated her feelings and was blatantly disrespectful.
italian teacher tells me that it was all my fault.
authorities abandon search for missing girl after finding huge bass while dredging lake
pregnant woman killed in propecia-handling incident
22-year-old broke, homeless 10 days after taking control of own finances
fender introduces new line of sympathy and bereavement guitars
theresa may narrowly manages to survive parliamentary firing squad
jimmy carter already back to elite sumo wrestling circuit after recovering from hip surgery
it was having electrical issues that would have made getting it down to where i moved extremely impractical; there was no way i would drive it on a freeway, but around town it worked.
she started talking about spiderman, her favorite comic book series.
when he came back i found out, it really hurt me but i pretended to be fine.
&#x200b; i've been friends with this one girl for a good year at least now.
wibta if i tell my mom i have cut myself in the leg over a stupid argument about food?
so i worked on a group home for autistic people, and many of them were ridiculously picky eaters.
(apparently he thought that agreement was still in effect even after he told me it was ok if i date.) i told him that, no, i wasn't going on a date, but, even if i wanted to, he said it was ok for me to see other people.
bedtime story from fucking bible again
i felt like an evil sociopath.
she reasoned that she likes to keep it private so she doesn't talk about it much, but regardless we continued a good personal friendship and work relationship.
in fact, the only reason i can do this is because i live for low rent in the family home.
victor hugo's les lunchables to hit broadway
thousands of cheering americans packed into park for ted cruz concession speech
(i guess that she was actually serious, i thought she was still playing along) she says she wont respond until i admit the dms were real.
i asked her if she knew how i felt.
i think the dog is dangerous to strangers ( she seems to do fine with the family).
my parents said that they don’t want to have to drive 40 mins to get me and take me to work, and then pick me up and drive me back to the house i’m housesitting.
tearful trump admits nato alliance closest thing to friendship he's ever had
passenger glued to airplane window like it fucking 1956
teacher asks students to split into 2 groups to simulate ideal class size
i love my daughter and wife equally but in different ways, and they each have their own roles and responsibilities.
firebrand john mccain demands immediate investigation into why he remaining complicit
humane society volunteer spends whole adoption meeting trying to sell family on sicker cat
aita for sending a guy home after bringing him home from the club i met a guy in a club tonight.
how it would be implausible that i wouldn't hear it or remember picking it up.
i know they don't owe me anything, but i feel just so entitled that money, since basically i'm the reason they have it in the first place.
god gets celtic cross tattooed on back
man wishes computer could do thing it already can do
this is obviously extremely petty and unhealthy for either of us.
also, i don't think i'd actually ban her from coming.
i think separation is just a way to practice divorce.
'the office' ends as documentary crew gets all the footage it needs
my uterine lining will only get worse.
nation's men holding acoustic guitars announce plan to idly strum while you try to talk to them
news of uncle's death deleted by spam filter
aita for muting my special needs coworker on a business call?
dw chose to go stand with her at the other end of the room.
immigrant also applying to a few reach countries
i think "fuck it, i'm making a move".
although they complied, they did complain that they felt awkward doing it.
i decided on a whim to throw a small get together to be set last saturday, around 5 days later.
it broke her heart as she loved her long hair.
no one sure if academy awards after-party going to have food
buyer of $450 million da vinci painting sort of assumed it would come with frame
for background, fiancee and i have been together for eighteen months, k met m in preschool when they were only a few months old.
the reason i know about this is because he told me that he would be buying things to take back to people where he was at.
aides clip toenails, wash hair of mumbling, bedsore-ridden trump as president enters 155th straight hour of watching cable news
what are my options here to not appear to be a douche?
fda recommends adding little tabasco to that bad boy
i was venting to my boyfriend who tried to cheer me up and came to sit and watch me.
he's kicking his seat and smacking food onto the floor.
report: military contractor overcharged pentagon for torturing iraqi citizens
area man carefully weighs one side of argument
puppy love leads to human baby
i thought this was very romantic but she did not react as id hoped.
biden urges paul ryan to check out nude scene from 'porky's' on phone
campaign adviser recommends throwing old blanket over romney for debates
banksy hospitalized with third-degree burns after attempting to cash self-destructing check
we used to fuck with pablo, jokingly, because he was behind us in the pilot program (he started later so this is natural).
sounded really fun in its own right, but also my partner were actually going to be out of town with the kids for the suggested weekend so i had a pretty good idea what might happen.
emma asked if anyone living off-campus would be willing to host the party at their place, and if not then they could hit up a bar or restaurant instead of having a party.
please just as friends me: i don't really want to.
scott bakula turns 43, newspaper reports
well, her reply was "unspoken thing?
wibta if i told my housemates to pay to keep a tv that my so and i had to replace?
we talked and chilled most of the time that we did hang out.
aita in any way in this situation?
i had to do things on my own.
minutes asking what i was doing, could we talk, she missed me,...
i told her that i would do it with her if it made her happier and she said no, i also said i could change something to make her happier and she said she didn’t want to change anything.
i cool down a bit and after she gets home from school after her practice.
this made no sense to me.
aita for being mad at them or should i just apologise and try and continue being friends?
school friends don't find camp songs funny
having my friend basically lay all of this out for me made me feel like shit and i realized jesus she only see's me as a meal ticket and it made me feel like trash.
i am doing this entirely by myself, and i'm wondering if it's reasonable to reach out to people who i know are amateurs/unrecognized photographers and such to try to get a front cover photograph....without paying for it, at least for the first issue.
edit to add a detail i forgot: i would open the door for her at the stated time that the party starts, just not before.
this was a couple weeks ago.
struggling lower-class still unsure how best to fuck selves with vote
i appreciate everyone's right to be who they are unapologetically.
i haven't spoken with anyone yet, but it's been weighing on my mind a lot lately.
eventually we decided to just go bowling.
white house honors aretha franklin by not releasing official statement on her death
like, i'm talking taking a gigantic, hardcover textbook and slamming it down on the table so everything was shaking.
if i declined and/or "forgot" to sign the card, it would definitely be noted, but i'm not sure that i really care.
i know that most drivers probably think i am but i'm really trying to avoid suspension or possibly worse if i get pulled over.
she got five cats and two dogs when she can barely take care of herself.
and i'm so desperate to talk to anyone that i'm telling an entire internet filled with strangers.
😂 and this rabbit hole is fun for me, i want to see how far this goes!
no one notices area man's marginal attempts to change
he said he really didn’t want to go alone because the artists songs are mostly romantic so it would be awkward, so i knew i had to go with him.
john kerry lost somewhere in gobi desert
i would make a joke about me being a literal motherfucker but this shit has really turned my social circle upside down.
thank you.) &#x200b; tl;dr: i tell my dad that she should stop relying on my mom's money and get a real job and we almost fought each other.
i had been helping her out a ton, driving her too and from work some days, letting her stay on my couch, eat my food, buy her food, etc....
then next morning be more mad that i came even later or not at all.
magazine runs article about louis c.k.
so am i the asshole if i ask him to come back and leave his new gf?
you may be at risk of having your ordainment revoked should you continue to conceal these events from the authorities.
sincerely, a frustrated husband” i sent this email after my wife said that she was disgusted to live with him and considered living in her car.
however, it was *technically* not called a date (he did pay for her and he did give her chocolates).
so we see that is raining, pretty heavy.
flash forward two months and i started getting close with a friend (she is a) and told her some of that information.
looking back, i wish my friend or coordinator had introduced me.
once-adventurous salmon can't believe she ended up moving back to birthplace, having a bunch of kids
got a two year degree with no school debt.
u.s. asks africa not to cash aid checks until after tax day
it took her a long time to recover, yet as soon as she was fit to work again she went back to work.
wibta if i came to work sick regardless?
this is the first job she's had that she really enjoys and she does well at it and i know how much it means to her.
everyone in sporting goods store looking for something to get on stepson's good side
then, she said she was worried about me losing my job (or something along those lines) because i use that word.
giuliani says kim jong-un begged like a has-been-politician-turned-hack-attorney trying to get a job at the white house
i told him i wanted space and would order myself an uber.
what surprised me even more was that she's been with him for years.
i tend to nag my wife about leaving stuff out, and i tend to not filter my words, we've had a few fights about this.
recruiter saw your background in computer science and thought maybe you'd be interested in working part-time at a kohl's in sioux city
the rest of my friends, and my mutual friends with emily, tell me that i’m in the right and essentially stop talking to emily, while my mom tells me that she’s consulted friends and family and they all think that i’m “crazy for being this upset”.
they were mine and i didn't charge him for them.
$100 is not as much money as in america but still a decent value of money and a nice gift.
and i can't help but wonder how these people think of *me.* has anybody else felt this way about other drivers?
edit- i said she has videos.
atonal composers gather for atony awards
my partner has been reading them and is grudgingly beginning to admit it was an asshole move.
crusted ring around nyquil bottle top coming along nicely
there were no sheets on his bed so i slept on the cover.
the plan was that madison would move out and i would move in once she was out.
mind you i don’t do well with being woken up that damn early for stupid shit.
bosnian gum company introduces new war-flavored gum
5-year-old admits it pretty messed up spider-man visiting his birthday party when he could be out saving lives
i'm sick of spending money on this cat that is literally wrecking my house.
the original real estate agent, let’s call her k, he was using didn’t seem like she had our best interest at heart.
i find that men tend to treat me differently when they know i don't have a so (as in more charming and flirt).
orca's successful trick rewarded with bucket of ssris
white house receives letter addressed to gerald ford or current president
he then walks over, picks up the chair, and dumps me out of it onto the floor.
aides gently remind hillary clinton not to refer to opponents as 'obstacles to greatness'
i don’t care so much, but i guess i feel hurt that i thought i was getting closer to him as a friend and he never thought to mention that they were in a very serious relationship, which just seems like something you tell your friends.
i had honestly thought it would be something way worse judging by how hysterically upset kate had looked.
i walked off in disbelief, but later apologized.
tldr: feminist teacher targets me for my anti-feminist views, proceeds to target me with other teachers and become bias to people who share her political views, female classmates proceed to verbally harass me on social media and on school grounds.
i'm 188 cm (6'2") tall so when i do that, there isn't much room next to me.
never spending the night of course because that’d be the end of the world for her parents.
am i the asshole for asking if her kids were adopted?
i realized it was a mistake but thought that it wouldn’t be a big deal after about an hour i received a text from my roommate basically saying that i am homophobic and he feels uncomfortable to be around me.
the younger brothers are meant to help the older brother.
jake hyland of kansas city, mo chosen as nation's designated survivor in case rest of country wiped out during presidential address
fourth-grader's world war ii project vastly oversimplifies importance of air combat, uncle reports
there are numerous other examples of her doing this to me, where she will say " i didn't say that" but an hour into the argument it will come out finally as "i didn't mean to say that, or that isn't what i meant".
i don't have too many friends.
a few of them were especially insightful and convinced me that i was ta.
we don't fight if we are both having a good day and if we do it is resolved quickly and we used to get into screaming matches and worked past it.
i was willing to take the risk of her finding out and getting mad at me, as long as i have a shot of making thing better for her.
told her she would end up cheated on, just like the others before her.
woman beginning to suspect husband having second affair
i’ve loved movies that that are a little too gory/inappropriate for pg-13 for as long as i can remember, and from fourteen onwards i begged to see different r rated movies.
lululemon executives furious after focus group leaves product testing with self-esteem intact
in my mind this is just business, but another salesman has called my boss a dick for the layoffs without knowing my part in it.
this being said, i have developed a strong prejudice against alcoholism and drunkards.
&#x200b; edit 2: i did receive a whooping cough shot as a child and while i was pregnant with my child.
i’m trying to get him suspended rn but i think a lot of the parents from the other kids think im an unpredictable choleriker and don’t want their kids to visit my son anymore.
curt schilling just going to assume he has speaking slot at rnc
cbs sitcoms under fire for using prison laughter
note: didn't want this to follow me so i made a throwaway account.
that was probably a douche move.
but it's difficult for me to continue a conversation about big and important topics without exchanging and verifying information.
aita for asking my roommate to pay more rent?
aita: no car seat, no help.
i quickly asked if my friend was there and when they said no, i left to go wait in my room.
bold employee just watching videos during meeting with sound on
he likes musicals well enough, but i'm really into them and really wanted to see this musical.
apparently the oldest sister was also sexually abused by him around the same time but she didn’t tell anyone for fear of “splitting the family up.” upon this coming to light, the parents addressed the brother and he confessed.
nation's tall asked to stand in back
so, tl:dr, am i the asshole for getting annoyed at sibling monopoly time?
somehow another guy learned about this and constantly bothered me about sending him the summary/exercise slides and i constantly told him to fuck off since i'm not here to work for others for free.
humanizing detail tacked onto end of new board member's bio
breitbart criticized for publishing humanizing profile of libtard beta-cuck
if someone makes a joke about the holocaust, it doesn't mean that person believes the holocaust was right.
we didn't have a whole lot in common, honestly i don't think it would have really turned anything anyway, but i was enjoying the conversation.
i woke up and told them that i am annoyed by their habits of listening music.
my dad made me return it and buy a cheaper laptop.
fast forward to the past couple of months.
we have been together for 3 years and living together for a year.
since she lands on brother's spot, we jokingly have her go ask if she really has to pay.
past is her working retail as im trying to get her to quit and live with me as i have enough money to support us both.
except the friend turned out to be drunk too and kept feeding her drinks.
foreman whips up special batch of concrete for favorite customer
we'd each pay \~€8,33 then, which, to be fair, is lower than each of us expected to pay when ordering.
it was just the empty box with a brick inside.
newly sworn-in north korean official wondering how he'll eventually be executed
they try and embarrass me by giving it back.
excited shopper decides to wear new butt plug out of store
i only recently learned that there was a word for that (kosmemophobia), so it was a little hard to put that disgust into rational words before - it still is.
at this point i’m just waiting for it to end.
i feel upset that she gets to play victim to him and everyone when i feel like she had motives towards me all along that i wasn't even aware of.
fast forward to present day, on facebook she wrote a post about how she encountered a rude person at the mall who asked if her kids were adopted infront of the girls.
i have snap streaks with a person (sending a pic on snapchat every day), and i noticed that they hadn't sent a single picture for like 21 hours.
report: 80% of subway track repairmen run over each day
i go to introduce myself, and inadvertently knock over a drink.
the harder the jewelry looks to clean, the worse the reaction - old elaborate jewelry is the worst.
if you try to just pet her she may deal with it or she may run away, depending on her mood).
lost jack london manuscript, 'the doggy,' found
i walk to my car very confused about what just happened and feel like she wasn't into me and was just saying platitudes.
rnc builds levee out of poor people to protect convention site
this actually happened about a year ago but i just remembered it and wondered what other people might think.
i feel half like i should have realised that these people weren't my friends, way back when they started trying to replace me.
facebook: 'we will make our product worse, you will be upset, and then you will live with it'
so i rolled with that.i thought maybe moving b to the empty room d would be the equivalent of this structural change.
she tells me to leave and i tell her fine but she needs to wait because i’m hammered and need an uber.
they were constantly coming in and taking shit, and just leaving the trash in the cooler forcing me to clean up after them.
report: more women choosing to freeze their eggs until age when sudden, unexplained mass infertility places society on verge of collapse
he was like "stop messaging me, i am not interested in any of this.
dixie donates $5 million in clean drinking cups to drought-ravaged southern africa
first few months were great, we were both happy, then things went downhill.
she said “do it!” so i pushed her.
'this is the golden age of television,' claim executives who have not yet made show about robotic wizards
she treats them like crap and just takes for granted everything they do for her.
saying, “i’ll hear it from my daughter later,” is not a threat.
i'd also like to further explain what she said to me.
report: americans now get 44% of their exercise from licking
nasa designers release flirty new space skirt
nabisco tentatively adds hummus to list of approved ritz toppings
on the other i understand that in the past i’ve failed her to some degree and that relationship is now gone and i have to start again.
although i’m upset i still think i made the right decision.
prince harry shows guest to air mattress in corner of windsor castle
bored 4-year-old mixes things up by watching movie she's only seen 97 times
jeb bush's children vehemently deny having ever loved father
i approached this student after observing that what they were working on was a simple text document on google docs.
i apologized for it, she's still pissed off.
it wasn't until later in the day when i saw her again did i try asking her about it.
i see their point, because we did break the tv, but we dropped a lot of money on this and we really could have gotten some old crt that was equivalent to the price of the old tv at the time we broke it.
so i've known my 2 best friends (one is male, the other female, i am a male) 7+ years, went through high school, now college in our little group of 3.
she’s stressed and perhaps thinks a position with less responsibility will be easier on her psyche (she had a mental breakdown).
prior to that we had each been saving and living in random shared accommodation for years, so a huge motivation for us to buy was to have our own space together.
edit 3: his commute is only going to be around a half hour, he only wanted the apartment because he doesn’t like living with his mom.
me and boy b were having a laugh and thought of a 'prank' we could pull on her.
mom decides enough time has passed to lose touch with paramedic who saved son's life
white house slam dunk contest results in no slam dunks
study: online content creators outnumber consumers 2,000 to 1
they live varying distances, this is why they paid me different amounts.
she made some cool metaphor about rocks and rivers, but i forgot what it was.
i say they're not she says they are i say they're not...back and forth and getting louder.
for some background, my husband and i have been separated for a few years now, although he still pays child support.
should i have just asked her?
romney spends day tearfully apologizing at father's grave
she had just come back from europe and i hadn't seen her in a month and she was super keen to go out.
accusations of being anti-gay, denigrating homosexuals, lacking any kind empathy, being “psycho” and an immature dickhead (definitely immature).
now those aren't bad genetics to have...
thinking about the issue after she asked, i come to the conclusion i'm completely not okay with it and told her as much.
man ruthlessly scolds other man online for having opinion he held less than 2 years ago
male gaze falls on buffalo chicken bites
i got a whole lecture about chronic pain and how i don't think he's as bad off as he really is because he doesn't let me see him at his worst when he's in the most pain, and i may see that during this trip because we'll be together for several days.
fcc assures nation their favorite verizon websites won't be affected by net neutrality repeal
it was bad, we know, but we were both in really bad (abusive in my case) relationships.
a couple of nights ago on the drive home from work i took a detour to a secluded spot just to relieve myself solo.
'98 camaros test higher than owners
i spoke to the boys about it, but i need an unbiased opinion on this.
i started thinking about suicide too, mostly because of this one side love.
woke up to an apology from her and a message from him calling me disgusting a perv just some fuccboi that wanted to fuck his girl as soon as she wanted it.
i was obviously a friend and i talked with him when he wanted about things that he wanted and vise verse (normal friends stuff).
he then said i needed mental help because im unbalanced.
for a woman the seat needs to be down for both.
she is constantly getting knocked and whenever we play with her we end up babysitting her because she can’t hold her own even in a 1v1.
we have a pretty solid relationship.
so i felt like wow i waited awhile to ask her out and when i did she said um yes of course.
our god is one of forgiveness, but also of just punishment.
biden sadly realizes this could be last time he throws lit firecracker into press conference
i also love her so much and i am crushed that this has happened, because no matter what happens with the pregnancy i know this is going to impact our relationship.
including an ex that had been kind of an issue in the past.
doctor quickly scribbles prescription that will lead to 30-year battle with painkiller addiction
note: i accept the fact that she is not interested in me, but imo it's completely unreasonable for her to lie to me, if we're such good friends.
sarah huckabee sanders strongly rebukes implication she doesn't lock own children in cages
aita: i told my friend that they’re not going anywhere in life with their current plan it sounds bad.
she was full grown probably around 150 lbs.
i didn't want any of it.
months later, a couple nights ago, i'm on the path to giving away more things to the same group of people.
americans experiencing slightly different kind of numbness today
christian pornographer refuses to film sex tape for gay couple
when we met she thought she might be asexual but had a lot of trauma.
i drove home fine doing 45 since there was a light powder of snow dropping and the light reflects off the snow making it hard to see.
it's done in paint and i don't have any animating experience so it's not the best but if you're confused by my description the gif should clear it up.
sorry for spelling i'm on mobile.
aita for slacking on the job?
lindsay lohan's rehab stint off to great start—and she's gone
death of miss moneypenny all tnt needed to run monthlong bond marathon
he steers clear of the harsh words (nothing racist, homphobic, sexist)...
sighing banksy methodically kills another few kids who stumbled upon him doing graffiti
if i have to live with her moods wings or misery that would just drag me down and i can't have that because my life is about to improve so much.
fishfan420 let me know that he'd blocked a bunch of people on facebook, so i checked and...
final public transport bus was in two hours, so there is also that.
we've only been dating 6 months but every single day she cries when she gets home and says she blew her only chance.
gated-community members wish there was something they could do
if she had kids or i just left it laying around or under my pillow, i'd get it, but...
whether that's the case or not doesn't really matter though because he still wasted my time.
i see to most people it's no issue but to me it is disprespectful of a partner to entertain others, especially if the others are same sex.
jeff flake delivers searing, critical applause for trump during state of the union
she is used to those temperatures and she should be able to tough it out.
i used to have acne almost as bad as her and i went on accutane and it changed my life.
we even tried to have sex and i had to stop halfway through because i was seeing spots and my ears were ringing.
i think it looks terrible on me, it makes me feel uncomfortable wearing it...i just really dislike it.
her birthday and xmas are the same week so usually i combine how much i would spend on her to get one big gift.
they read books and play with toys and play with my dogs and other animals around the farm i have some donkeys.
image post will be at the bottom.
i think nothing of it till the next morning when my phone is blowing up.
eddie bauer announces new line of brown clothes
new poll finds americans view death of close relative more favorably than congress
millionaire pays for breast implants for rolls royce hood ornament
i needed more liberty and more times for myself (to learn more about myself) and this relationship was not good for me and for him.
'i'm afraid you won't be coming to our new headquarters,' declares alexa as amazon execs find themselves locked in seattle office
more americans concerned illegal immigrants will take their spot on couch
i don't have an issues with that and will gladly try to participate in the conversation on a regular basis.
study finds girls outperforming future employers in school
how it works is that the medical industry wants everyone to "give" them their organs when they die (and sometimes before).
she also wants to have a baby relatively soon so there’s that to consider.
paul ryan cuts $120 million in wasteful spending from romney campaign
he basically guilt tripped her into staying with him.
south korean president eats full, balanced meal in show of strength against north
of course, that might be because he’s watching them already; it seems like everyone forgot the rule as soon as it didn’t apply to me.
poll finds 78% of americans would vote for liberty bell
ive never thought of my parents even having sex, now my dad screwing is being shoved in my face!
crops begin emerging from farmlands across nation as monsanto ceo slowly raises arms
modern-day lancelot offers to pay for abortion
at the time i had no clue and blissfully passed it off, but looking back now the signs were clear and i had the chance to run.
he came to pick up his stuff from my place and apologized to my sister to her face for hurting me.
my wife and i talked about giving my son an electric piano that he would keep at our house for when he visits.
study: 80 percent of all hermits recovering from broken hearts
lure of free meal each shift too great for disgruntled arby's employee
saudi arabian king to populace: 'don't even think about it'
u-haul offers discount for customers who will just move back home in 18 months after failure to make it in major city
as i was pulling out of the parking lot i called him again.
as soon i did this girl turned toward me and coughed the phlegmiest fucking cough straight into my face.
plus i would get reamed out like a mother-fucker: i was a teenager, so obviously that was concern #1, so i go into disaster-prevention mode.
aita for being upset at the guy i'm "talking" to?
well the printer came up for bid and some asshole immediately bid $400 on it, not knowing it's cheaper on amazon i guess.
wibta for telling my parents off?
i’m living on my own for the first time and a night owl.
it lasted for 2 months before they started throwing the work to me again.
the relative’s house was empty(they were going to be on vacation during this time).
gore calls for recount of supreme court vote
saudi women receive husbands' explicit permission to celebrate right to vote
recent i was told by her that she and a mutual friend had been having casual time in secret for about two years.
one of said exhibits featured a rare jungle flower, that is supposed to produce a very characteristic (foul) odor.
local dad gets this show on the road
like my birthday ideas on steroids!
so me and my friends, who run the spectrum from left wing feminists to anti-immigration rightwingers, all joined in and started making fun of the posters, reading them out loud to each other and mocking the exhibit.
this includes ever seeing her granddaughter, my child who lives in virginia with her mom, during the times i have her for school breaks.
nope, when he said he's getting his son nothing he meant nothing.
she is going back to the rehab center after that for a 30 day treatment and she will call me when she's physically able but that "she wants me to know she loves me and is so sorry and realized she had a problem and needed to leave right then to get help before she changed her mind".
after the mid review, turns out that they are not very keen at looking at technicalities of the implementation and all, which has been somewhat of my focus till now.
zoning committee meets, zones a bunch of shit
personal assistant called after scary dream
so, if my seizures are bad enough in public, the clock on when i can get my drivers licence back gets reset, but if i stop having seizures altogether then i might be taking a dog from someone who needs it.
as i mentioned earlier his friends are into drug abuse.
two dead in 'kind of brutal' slaying
we moved into our new home three years ago.
it’s been better lately and i’ve finally got him to eat onions which is good for the heart.
aita when someone interrupts me when i am speaking, i continue to speak, over their words and louder aita when i am out to dinner at a restaurant with my wife, daughter and son in law, my wife and sil will routinely interrupt me when i am speaking.
he just needed me to check it out.
report: ugh, no one would care anyway
after dropping her off today, she walked around the front of the car, as usual.
really ugly shark tired of being mistaken for hammerhead
the next day was saturday and i woke up to a bombardment of text messages all saying the same thing.
i'm just kinda stood there, completely in shock and trying to process what just happened, since it seemed to out-of-character for her.
be up front before heading to a place to eat about my car standards regarding food.
not that i was actively disinterested, i just didn’t know him very well.
aita for telling my girlfriend that she should stop crying about a dog that died two years ago?
i got a knock on my door about an hour later asking if i had an animal.
we live at her house all together in a room while we save up to get a house.
i asked the long distance guy to pass on my snap to him.
report: most couples met on set of 'daredevil'
we live in the bible belt, where everyone speaks english, it will just be easier for our children to speak the language everyone else is speaking first.
report: overseas sweatshops hurting u.s. sweatshops
guy in audience shouts out perfect thing
he was still like crying and holding his groin and i basically begged him to let me get my car from home, which is like a 2 min walk away and i'll drive him there or i'll get an uber for him there.
and he hasn't said anything about it and when i brought it up he said it was cool and that it was a good prank, but i can tell he is a bit peeved at us.
aita for asking him to not go with me even though he wants to?
&#x200b; but, i typically perform well because i have a broad range of knowledge.
u.s. now 40 percent sports paraphernalia
he still could have switched lanes and drive pass the bmw.
i am now banned from ever playing games again.
the employee comes up and asks if we can move to separate seats from each other for a disabled guy.
it's saturday so my bank isn't open so i decided to go to a local head shop and try and get a new bong.
aita for getting angry at my mom over banana bread?
so far, most of us have gotten valedictorian except her.
sean hannity: 'i will be dispelling any and all factual claims about me during my show'
fly on wall can't believe they're restructuring entire west coast division
she said yes but i could tell she was still really upset.
i found it really demeaning because some of the things she mentioned i can't help because of my abuse and my problems stemming from it and she told me that she has the same problems, she just doesn't tell anyone.
she looks visibly upset for a second but then leaves.
private eye's office ransacked for fourth time this month
catherine zeta-jones happy to see people on internet would still hit that
man either sick or just at end of workday
anyway, i'm pretty sore about the selection.
i have to say i am pretty insulted that she would invite a bunch of children to her real wedding ceremony and not invite her niece and nephews to the wedding that is basically just party.
having kids was never her life's dream, and having our son kept us back in life and kept us from accomplishing a lot of things we wanted to accomplish.
i know he does it just because he wants to make eden act awkwardly and its funny or something but i really cant handle it but i dont do anything but sit there and watch.
he sits right across from t who is like i said depressed and maybe suicidal and sensitive , and t can hear everything l says.
i could care less about that.
area man participates in 21st-century cashless economy
but i encourage bf to spend time with his friends, i was the one who talked him into a party, and due to living about 45 minutes from each other he sees them as much as or even more than he sees me.
relationship not a power struggle, woman who's winning reports
ford assembly line foreman thinking about asking out cute welding robot from work
i know it's hard to judge when a relationship is made up of a lot more.
if i need gas on my way home i will drive on the shoulder when i see the gas station, skip \~15 cars, to turn right into the gas station before the light.
aita for shouting at my mother?
during all this females in my year start calling me sexist, racist, a pig, nazi, horrible person, telling me to delete socials etc.
i only speak english, meaning i've never had a conversation with my grandparents that hasn't been translated for me.
however last year i asked her "do you wanna be my girlfriend?" which she replied "no , sorry." to be honest , i was heartbroken , but i brushed it off and pretended like it never happened.
i am going to autozone tomorrow.
and then he insisted that *i* was making his problems about myself because i told him to not do that shit.
i wanted to trade my 3 railroads for the other two oranges.
for example, that she knows that he likes her.
not close friends, but close social group, like 3-5 of my so's friends are this guy's friends, but just an acquaintance with my so.
but they’ve saying things like i should’ve been the better man, etc.
family excited to see dad making friends in new neighborhood
senator misses simpler time when he could do abominable things in peace
pizza hut unveils new cheese-stuffed delivery boy
luckily the facility she works at has antivenom on hand for these scenarios but it was still very frightening.
wibta if i uninvited my best friend on this trip?
i told her to stop, and she said “what will you do if i don’t?” i told her that i’d push her down the stairs, because we were standing at the top of them.
larva acting like it knows everything about chewing leaves
all in all, we had a great time catching up.
amc bob hope retrospective ready to go
whippoorwill has had same 3-note song stuck in head for entire life
i know i sound ungrateful but i'm more annoyed with how someone can buy a gift realise that they don't like it and return it.
whitey bulger verdict interrupted by ben affleck shouting commands from director's chair in balcony
sotomayor to add ballistics expertise to already deadly supreme court
businessman goes home for the holidays to network with family
(knowing myself and how i was back then, i am inclined to go with door #2.) the ending.
like how she thought annie would overstep boundaries by playing with my hair and holding my hand at a festival while my girlfriend was walking alone behind.
i asked her about her own weight and such and she said to me that she hadn't lost any and had in fact gained some.
her fixing her teeth would make her very happy, but she just needs a push since she's always afraid of everything new.
apparently hops broke into my phone and spend hours going through my messages.
aita for getting my things destroyed?
he was really nice and even on reflection i’m sure i didn’t feel pressured to have sex with him.) eventually, i agreed because i genuinely really wanted him to do it, despite my hang-ups, and it seemed like we both had a good time.
tanned, exquisitely coiffed bernie sanders tells supporters corporations actually have a lot to offer
i never did that before, i still talked to her when i saw her i didn’t completely ignore her like she did now.
prime minister of norway gets laid
new study finds majority of god's blessings burn up on entry into atmosphere
would you pick me up our usual?
there's been nothing stopping him from going out and doing something different, but because i'd like a little time to myself once a week i'm evil.
the second time i observed this, i politely asked him to please clean up after his dog, and even offered him a bag (i have a dog myself).
i scare the shit out of her and keep staring for the final 5 mins or so of the film.
he says that he wants food as i drive home.
i demanded him to at least apologize.
area man sorry he's late, got here as fast as he could
i told them, that they should learn english if they plan on being americans.
johnson & johnson introduces new leave-in q-tips
there is a set order for the course and the course starts at mod #110 and goes to mod # 116 or some such, after which it starts again at 110.
we get off the highway into a nice suburban neighborhood where the roads are wide, empty.
robert mueller dreading returning from 2-month european vacation to start russia investigation
i don’t believe it’s directed at her but her mom has said before to her “don’t get pregnant it will change your life” and so she will feel guilty just because she and i aren’t conservative and are definitely liberal at our core.
to me, a lifelong true crime fanatic this was a bad sign for future topics of conversation.
she got fucking hysterical and started crying.
last night was one of my closest friend’s 21st birthday.
a couple of coworkers of mine only speak spanish, something i find very offensive and disrespectful if you plan on living in the us.
people even say to suck it up and just get toilet paper and clean it, but that misses the point that grown men shouldn't urinate on something that others need to use.
we got him around 7 mo old.
violence erupts across france as citizens protest high cost of refilling crème brûlée torches
f. scott fitzgerald estate wondering why the hell ken burns hasn't come knocking yet
she can tell i am a bit depressed and asks what happened.
daniel craig takes home pretty good actor award
since then the elastic has disintegrated and the material has faded.
strip poker ends solemnly with scar explanation
i was surprised when i found out on facebook because i thought this was something she would have told me first.
am i the asshole for declining?
he never called me and when i asked him over text what happened he just said he was going in for scans.
upcoming election deduced from sports illustrated content
**the background - the sad times :(** i've been dealing with feelings of depression for most of my life, for anyone feeling vulnerable or depressed please be aware that this post might not be for you.
we knew each other for longer than we've been dating and just had our application for a fiance visa to the us accepted and i wanted to be sure we wouldhave no problem living together, and surprise!
in short he’s mad that 2/5 people in the friend group have admin powers and the rest don’t.
aita for selling gift card for face value my grandparents bought me a $40 gift card for a shop i haven't shopped at in a while for christmas.
he says it's a no-brainer that they broke up because she cheated and now he knows for sure.
i was even supposed to bring my boyfriend to meet them since we've been together over 6 months and we're very serious.
b hitched a fit that it wouldn't be fair for her siblings and herself if m got to go out of state.
metallica board of directors debates whether new riff will have negative impact on shareholder value
well she has a fitbit and while she deletes her text on her phone her fitbit takes longer to delete them.
text history with mom a succinct chronology of relatives' hospital visits
including the vet so i could check to see of they had been chipped.
woman sensitive about that thing on her face
area cow doesn't suspect a thing
dr. scholl's introduces new freeze-away toe remover
she doesn't actually teach anything, we just pile through book after book and story after story without learning anything useful.
i feel like even though he was hard to deal with i should have stuck by him in this state and then he would've been safe and not had the traumatic experience of being mugged.
poll finds majority of americans approve of child labor laws but agree that kids carrying briefcases would be cute
we'd still do some local weekend getaways once in a while as a group.
but it's a good thing he did though.
trump accidentally fires off 'boring mike pence' tweet during vp speech before he can stop himself
by the mid-year, they two noticed that something bothered me: i was still in love with her, and just didn't want to tell her, in order to prevent her from being embarrassed or having to be nicer to me or anything.
entire community stops to watch man struggling to work window blinds
luckily my parents got a extraordinary lawyer and the case will be solved in less than a week with no consequences on my part.
there's nothing worse than sitting in bed at 10pm and smelling a tiny bit of poop while you're relaxing and getting ready for bed.
sole surviving bridge club member didn't want to win like this
each of these activities decided to have white elephant parties this year.
ronald reagan endorses 'pill lady' for president
obama visits kindergarten to read class 200-page memorandum on health care
i don't vote and barely check the news.
bob dole makes car and driver 10 best list
aita for telling a childminder to do her job at a play centre.
when she tried to talk to you on the way to the buses, she was either teasing you or taunting you.
floor plan of retirement community 90% defibrillator locations
ex ecstatically gave me a bracelet for being her maid of honor, they talked about how happy we were that she was getting married and how good her fiancee was (i had never meet the man, only talked to him for 10 minutes) .
gerber: feeding formula to baby helps infant bond with parent corporation
aita for yelling at my friend over a game?
for a given game, one could expect 0, 1, or 2 asshole-like meta players most of the time.
fda calls concrete breast implants 'architecturally sound'
hugh hefner found dead by live-in peacock
video game henchmen plan meetup around explosive barrels
i always knew she had a minor thing for me but never acted on it since i was in a relationship.
every single meeting i’m in with him, which is thankfully infrequent, is completely derailed because he personally answers any question asked and devolves into conversation about irellavant details.
my fiance basically breaks down crying, (she does this a lot to get her way) and says that i must hate her.
so, i’m a college student and i live with two other people in a triple room.
i admitted to being the owner but never said i drove it home and they never even had me inside my vehicle.
i should also note that i have an e-bike so the lamp itself already around €70 to buy.
i put too much of my self esteem into being good at the video game i played with my friends.
i eventually talk with my manager, who is on these calls, about him and his useless tangents, who seemed appalled that i even brought this topic up.
this pissed me off and i felt like he was treating me like some low life criminal trying to get into the community unauthorized.
white house announces obamacare exchange now only accessible from single kiosk in remote iowa cornfield
our relatives and my uncle wanted to us move cities take care of my cousin aaron, because my uncle works in middle east and comes back home only once a year.
as i said, i don't remember too well but someone had said something that made me jokingly, as a reaction to what they had said, call my ex, a "desperate measure".
i feel upset because i enjoyed spending time with him as a friend and as a fwb.
thousands return to unemployment following end of writers strike
pueblo indians can't keep pace with area mom's appetite for earthenware
eventually, one highly drunk model comes over and says hello.
i originally wrote it off as him having his priorities scrambled, but when it came up in conversation he said i made his accident about me and it was the most selfish thing he's heard anyone say.
that's why i feel really hurt when she doesn't even bother and doesn't follow up with me in a few minutes, and i let her know so she doesn't do it in the future.
foreign guy probably dressed very fashionably for wherever he's from
all of child's fondest memories times when dad trying to make up for things
his direct messages are all clean.
i tried taking them back from her, but i didn't want to risk ripping them and mom wouldn't let me have them back.
i've offered to shower after her so i can clean both of our hair out, but she always wants to shower late in the night for some reason.
eventually, he ends up loudly saying something about how the influx of illegal immigrants directly fucks with his job prospects, and i respond with something along the lines of "no, mexicans aren't fucking you over, your felony is fucking you over." he kinda laughs it off and asks me what the fuck i'm talking about.
mccain silences critics with perfectly executed cartwheel
i would like to start trying to conceive as soon as my husband moves back in which will be in a couple of weeks.
trump: 'america hasn't been stronger or more united since i first opened my eyes and created the universe'
both people say bye and hang up).
romney comes clean, admits he made $32 trillion in 2006
bee practically blows its load after seeing purple coneflower in full bloom
coworkers nationwide embrace tearfully after painful 3-day separation
at that point, my week was about to be busy and i only had one day i could meet up with him to talk.
i just think that the holidays aren’t the right time for this sort of thing.
avoiding popular songs somehow accomplishment for local man
nation just goes ahead and decides 'freedom prevails over hate' is lesson of 9/11
family, friends concerned after peyton manning wanders away from pocket
every year she asks for skin care products.
since then, at his behest i stopped speaking of sexual things with our friend, but when i confided that i sometimes still flirt with him, my boyfriend told me he didn't want me speaking with him anymore, and that he felt he was unable to think about the situation at all because i was doing things so quickly.
thing distracting you from healthy, self-actualized lifestyle garners 240 emmy nominations
she's been friends with this girl for 3+ years.
condoleezza rice drives halfway to airport before realizing she forgot interpreter
i’m aware that time is slipping away, so i try to get finished as quickly as possible.
i was so shocked and angry, and my entire family there told me i was a jerk, not open minded and that i didnt have my nephews best intrest just a need to feel superior because i go to college.
exxonmobil swears it's going to start taxes early this year
i called her less and less until i stopped calling her altogether, until one morning she took me aside and said "it's over" and i said "okay." i also bought her a really nice birthday present which i'd promised i'd get her something nice before we broke up and i followed through (even though i didn't go to her birthday since it was after we broke up).
"nice try though!" they head out for their cigarette.
**so reddit, am i the asshole?** tldr (section the info correlates to posted in brackets): > 3 roommates, all of us have asd.
man under impression he went down fighting
when i went to send her the recipe i saw 3 pictures of her vagina close up.
clinton tests positive for presidency-enhancing drugs
i told both a and b i would just make a new account and share the password.
acne medication may cause dizziness, nausea, loss of hearing, insomnia, blood clotting, difficulty breathing
r felt scared enough to run up the driveway away from the car.
like if we’re both consenting adults then what’s the big deal?
however in my friends drunken state he started to wander off in the wrong direction and dispute all my messages and calls he would only reply with "ja" and "nein" for some reason.
steel drum knows it has so much more to offer than tropical vibes
father spends joyful afternoon throwing son around backyard
explanation of board game rules peppered with reassurances that it will be fun
from the very beginning, i was quite clear about my feelings.
beached whale trying to hold on until sea levels rise
but i was really hesitant to agree, since december is final exam season.
mccain gets hammered at local vfw
she asked for one back so i sent a shirtless pic.
but yknow his other partner pisses me off, and i don't wanna be sat at home like feeling lonely while he carries on dating a guy that i don't approve of.
many senators developing simple tools for governing
my gf of two years made clear to me about 3 months into our relationship that she was sexually assaulted in high school.
a few years ago, though, pg was diagnosed with lung cancer, and when he was in his last hours, my family all stopped what they were doing, and we went to see him.
in my opinion i feel that she's too possessive of my time as if i owe her my time.
things are fine for a while, i figure this won't be for the whole flight, but i notice her getting comfortable when she takers her shoes off.
clinton forced to kneel before zod
sessions: 'i am proud to have served white america'
i told her if she needs a bit of cash for food i can lend her some.
when i do go to bed we both wake up every 2-3 hours to feed/pump.
i realized this after i found myself getting jealous of men she brought around.
brother and i agreed to pay it if it came to that.
at this point, i must have blacked out because i do not remember anything.
my friend that sits at my table (while talking to eden) sees sean walk by and says "hey, what's up" and brings him close to the tables and gets a high five or something, while i feel extremely uncomfortable and eden can barely function because they are in sight of each other.
i wasn't trying to make my car backfire.
aita for getting upset with my boyfriend for refusing to go on holiday with me so we went on holiday last year in july with a group of friends which was great but i'm wanting to go away just the two of us this year.
every week i tell her the same thing, which is that i'm definitely planning on it, which is a lie.
i have been in an ineffective rage for the last five days over this shit.
after a while she admitted to me that the reason she is so frugal is because she grew up very poor and does not have a safety net.
for things like shoes or important stuff i always asked or didn't touch them at all.
to me it was like she decided she was miss morality, riding high on her high horse.
and over the next year or so she was always stressing about money and complaining to me about her money issues so i never wanted to bring it up.
but that's unfair to the children who need my help.
she'll be "mean" in this story, because previously we had rather good relationships, albeit never really spoke.
am i the asshole for thinking the woman with the darker skin tone should have simply risen above and stayed true to the beautiful woman she is?
so a few months ago i stumbled onto the best shoes i've ever worn.
white castle crave case handcuffed to wrist
i tried talking to her a second time, but all she could muster was "i didn't mean for this to happen".
i began leaving messages on his social media pictures.
just things where they would offer to pay for something, walk me somewhere, give me a ride home or to get food, help me with a project, or give me something for free that normally a friend would have asked for a bit of money for.
the next few games after that, this same guy who'd accused me of being toxic (b roster coach) was on my case.
dell acquired by gateway 2000 in merger of 2 biggest names in computer technology
final harry potter book blasted for containing spoilers
am i the asshole for saying it as a joke to my straight girlfriend?
she ended up texting me when she got home that night and we texted the time whole time she was away and when she got back up until a week ago.
i had an opportunity to see him tonight at a social event and in private i approached him, stating if he touched her again he's gonna wind up in a hospital.
over the past year getting her to clean up after herself has gotten harder and harder.
or is this my fault for not explicitly stating my intentions on the first date?
he then called and bitched me out for not telling him ahead of time.
or he'll claim he was feeling unusually sick (conveniently for 1-3hrs).
last thursday i was walking home from the gym when i see this young guy and he keeps staring at me, and he's kinda following me.
am i a asshole for telling my girlfriend that we are absolutely not getting another aquarium set up and she needs to either get a refund for the aquarium she ordered or sell it.
study: average american tries getting out of 10,000 things each year
child's favorite restaurant also dad's favorite bar
area man's opinion hasn't been taken seriously by anyone in over a decade
he was seeing other girls, but she wasn’t seeing other guys.
aita for thinking my dads new relationship is gross?
i told him i didn’t like it and he stopped but he kept trying to do cutesy things like playing with my hair and chaste kisses and stuff, and i got mad at him and told him to stop.
the relationship survived until we lived together for a period of time when i slowly realized how i had been played, idk it was some kind of slow forming epiphany.
i fell asleep, or so she thought, and she kept texting while gigling excitedly for hours.
i have also been dabbling in a dom/sub role play with an external party for the past six months.
i don't even know his last name, and he's never been anything but respectful.
i don't mind sharing the groceries with my roommates.
3-day waiting period leads to far more feasible murder plot
area man never in mood to do things he hasn't done before
so her mom picked up the girls and i took her out to a really nice tapas restaurant.
**tldr: i asked to borrow a cheap chair from a charity wrapping presents.
police seize 250 pounds of marijuana smoker
i'm planning a trip with 3 or so friends to go to france in the summer.
dad can't believe lawn didn't get him anything for father's day
u.s. intensifies empty-threat campaign against north korea
we opted to shower at the spa because we didn’t want to lose upwards of 2 hours of our day.
aita for reading my roomate's diary?
plus suggesting he buy her jewelry.
town still can't think of name for largest, most used street
it was 13 years ago, and life happens.
so, i said i would get back to her about it because i was definitely on the fence about doing it, since it would be for no pay.
study: owning a boat not worth it
she then screams in my face crying and leaves.
i don’t think breaking up with her on her birthday, after what she has done to me, would make me an asshole?
new 'call of duty' career mode lets player join raytheon's board of directors after military service
london opening ceremonies end with traditional lighting of olympic stadium
as you could guess, they leave quite a stench when i get home, pop them off, and relax.
man attends 25-year nursery school reunion
aita for thinking people shouldn't be allow to use the elevator to go up one floor today i was taking the elevator up six floors to go to class.
but i was so nervous and shy.
it gets to be pretty late, around 1:40, and we’re still in the living room making noise.
i just wouldn't want them charging me for them.
that 10 mins they could've spent saves me hours.
i was only like three problems in so i, also in vexation, balled up my paper in my fist and said, "too late." my dad didn't like that.
i was done getting blamed, so i started saying stuff back.
leonardo dicaprio nervous about telling new girlfriend he a virgin
my girlfriend called me "really annoying", "rude" then eventually "selfish" for not picking her up from the airport.
temple university receives anonymous donation to build center for discrediting rape allegations
i was checking my grade in b’s class when i noticed that despite getting a 100 on my final for the semester, my grade had gone down to a 76.
finally, a woman shows up, she's about 25 and very tall, like maybe 5'11 or 6'0.
but i’ve been hearing about this for almost two decades so i have to know aita?
my mom thought i was a dick for doing it.
housekeeper too busy to be sassy
calculus problem hits too close to home
report: putting head in hands and moaning quietly still best way to get through next several seconds
tl;dr: my boyfriend is losing his hair and i feel like i won’t be sexually attracted to him if he is bald.
cnn technicians rush to empty wolf blitzer's urine tank midway through election coverage
i can only support myself and having a kid will make it harder.
she told me that her dad usually would make late payments on the car loan, or sometimes "forget" to pay for it.
i’ve never seen him so mad.
drunk nutritionists recommend eating entire frozen pizza at 3 a.m.
ben affleck nominated for best friend of matt damon
i just walked off and didn't express pain, i was kind of laughing inside.
aita for policing her and making a girl with self esteem problems already feel like crap?
i have never seen any statements since.
rc car works up courage to approach group of girls
i told her straight up not to make anything because her cooking sucks.
i’ve allowed him to sleep on my bed in the past, and when he’s curled up into a ball, you basically can’t touch him/move him/ tell him to move.
given how i am(personality wise), i'm most likely going to come in either way,partly due to fear of losing the job out of making things harder, and at best, request to leave early if it gets bad, but that won't change the idea that i might get others sick, or that the manager won't be able to find someone to cover me, leaving the store short handed.
my question is, amitheasshole for continuing to make these jokes that are such a big part of my personality?
man gets all the way to hospital just to find out wife will be fine
this has lead to dates around my age saying i'm too career focused and serious, and when i try to date older women (around 22-25 years old), they get hung up over the age as a number and say i am too young for them.
police satisfied after drunk man assures them there's no problem
moviegoer can already see where commercials will go
we had been playing for an hour and a half when he’s like “i don’t want to play anymore” and left the game.
i realized that what i did was wrong, as i was aware the entire time that she was not into the experience despite the mixed signals, and i apologized to her, to which she was so unbelievably amazing, forgiving, and understanding that i was taken aback.
senator moved to tears after reading constituent's heartfelt check
you had asked me what you could do to help (my wife) i think that this article would help you with that tremendously.
but at the same token, there was no intent to disrespect, it’s a dark humor riff (but barely), there should be no sacred cows in “comedy” (though you should know your audience - my bad), and the reaction was way out of proportion to the minor slight.
if you don't intend to do the exact same thing every year, until these kids are adults then you need to tell them the truth now, "that the organization that you contacted last year is out of business." 3.
how i know she responded when these relative strangers brought her a *prepared list* to their doctor’s appointment; i’m sure it wasn’t, “oh, boy, i want to, but i can only spend $50 this year.” when i told my bff the story she asked if my mom was taking lists from everybody.
new nba starter jackets to come with unwanted pregnancies
huge lottery jackpot tempting all but the most rational
man trying to enter conversation spends few minutes smiling and nodding at edge of circle
we did not get prompt service.
usually she checks our homework at the beginning of class and all that jazz, turns out she forgot to.
i am actively planning an expensive bachelorette party because she wants a destination one.
she was an exchange student in germany, and when we first met there, i was in the process of preparing a one-year exchange to japan.
needy for empathy, yet almost incapable of giving any, yet capable of feeling guilt especially when those things were pointed out to her.
nasa announces plan to replace voyager record with streaming service that aliens can browse from any device
19[m] for those who keep calling me a pedophile through my dm.
pakistani boy, u.s. drone form unlikely friendship
not by my nephew’s remarks but by my laughing.
orrin hatch delivers farewell address from coffin descending into plot dug in middle of senate floor
grown adult walks right into karate studio
pentagon report concludes too many soldiers have same nickname
a year and a half ago my mum passed away.
i told her its hurt me deeply knowing after 5 years she could think about someone else like that am i the asshole here?
thats where the shit hit the fan and everybody was mad at me.
in my mind what i did was justified, as my ex deserved it for trying to break us apart.
and because of this out friends are very different, his are obviously into the same stuff..
i mentioned that she claimed they started coming after her, which they very well may have after i left, but i didn't see that.
when i came back my mom called me an asshole.
he also pretended to know about things that he didn't, and one time, when i was clearly correct in an argument, he put on his headphones and pretended not to hear me.
adding on that i am also the most obnoxious person in the class, that i don't contribute to group/partner assignments, and i don't stay engaged with everything.
sources: hackers vandalized drudge report for last 15 years
last spring she had an accident that resulted in her being in the hospital for some time and left her with a great deal of medical bills.
aita x 3 questions: 1) aita for going back to work earlier than my wife wanted, given our situation?
half-empty bottle of colt 45 left on church steps must be offering to god
i tell her that i’m busy and i don’t really want to do it (when also it’s because i’m not a big fan of religious activities).
i communicated how i felt to her and she blamed me for forgetting about it so she decided it wasn’t important enough for me and that i would say no when in reality i suggested we speak about it in person and we both forgot.
replacement socialite cunt sought for simple life cast
6,000-year-old culture now a 'developing nation'
aides request john bolton please stop setting fire to middle east tactical map
gallup forced to destroy defective sample group that failed to accurately forecast michigan primary
leftover bugles still stuck to trump's fingers during bill signing
if she wanted one with a bigger hole, wouldn't you say a sewing needle with a bigger hole??
they both mostly were just laughing like i am crazy and saying "what secrets"?
aita for getting annoyed at my wife when she wants to stay up all night?
cop takes cinnamon bun into own hands
new pepsi product specifically mentions target demographic in name
we've never had complaints about him before and we've had him for 8 years now so it just seems unlikely the noise he is producing is unacceptable.
owl can't remember which direction to rotate head back
the big suv guy decides he doesn't trust me so he parks the car right next to mine so i cant turn in and enter from the residents side then rolls down his window and gestures at me.
i'm sensitive to the idea that iata in this situation.
i feel like our relationship is suffering due to this and when i’ve asked him about it, he has said that if he gets too excited, etc.
our relationship has been pretty good, we started living together july 2018 and haven’t gotten into a fight or anything aggressive like that.
my family and i bought my brother a switch for his birthday at the beginning of last year.
**now, this is when i must make it clear** that i would **never** cheat on my gf, **ever, for any reason, with anyone**.
we all agree to pay back h.
we had a big fight the other day because i have said, i really need you to apologize for things even if it was an accident.
dan fogelberg fails to soothe area lite 108 listener
i do not think she's lying, i just don't remember how everything went down.
all it takes to delete them is dragging the mouse to highlight all of them, then pressing delete.
i am terrible at communicating my feelings and desires, so i've kept this dream mostly hidden.
we last hiked together nearly a year ago up a popular hill side that he couldn’t even finish and started complaining it was too steep, as all our other once-a-year hikes are too.
so when ever we play monopoly, my younger brother often goes around the board once (if that) and quits.
our parents want her to do what she wants to do and wants us to drop the topic because of how heated our discussions about this get but how can i stand by while she squanders such a great opportunity?
study: uttering phrase, 'marriage is hard work,' number one predictor of divorce
he currently works a labor-intensive job with a typical 4-10 schedule most weeks and very few holidays.
couple on verge of breaking up has mind-blowing aquarium visit
god-knows-what to take place in rural cabin
triumph of human engineering slept through
i started freaking out a little bit and figured i needed to ask emma to change the date.
aita for falling asleep after telling my friend i would give her a lift?
she was forced to tell one of our close friends and it got weird.
after the coordinator left, i was there at the table by myself.
&#x200b; i live in a 10-unit building in miami beach.
i was mildly upset with this development and more upset that i had read her diary and violated her trust as a friend.
a loaf of bread comes with 22 slices.
all was good, five minutes of fun.
when one of them was showing off their clean, uncluttered apartment to me post bed bug fiasco, i noticed the bed wasn’t in its usual spot.
he overreacts to everything and tends to overcorrect it.
my wife is on maternity leave and she had no complications with the birth and is not bed ridden or anything.
i reacted to her story with "oh no" "that sucks" "wow, it sounds like it was a fun party" etc., not saying too much and also not owning up to the fact that i had made the complaint.
onion social offers free medium t-shirt to anyone who has been a victim of stalking on their site
most of his weight is in his gut.
it's not my fault my husband and his ex-wife would not send their children out of state.
anyway, we keep our house really warm.
now at this point i remembered i had insurance cover, which should definitely cover this for only a $100 deductible.
they take her very much for granted, and expect her to do things for them without any consideration of her life or her feelings.
i see you have recently had a self install kit and i need to get into your back yard to finalize everything.
nude aides huddled around trump assure him no one wearing wire
vast array of lip-balm options paralyzes shopper
expressing deeply held political opinion referred to as 'gaffe'
she said i was the asshole for getting involved in this mother’s parenting.
i work full time and my wife is stay at home mom.
anyway , my sister found out aboutt his from a mutual friend, and shes pissed at me.
husband buys wife tickets to see singer she wants to fuck
- next day bill comes over with something i left in his car, and pulls me into the hall, he says "lose my number and dont talk to me anymore, i dont want to be friends with someone like you" - break down in the hall as my mom texts bill and asks him why.
she is, but not only that, shes engaged to him.
2-year-old unaware he's basis for 6 couples' decisions not to have kids
now i feel bad about lying.
i went through his dms with sam, and saw shit about ruby and what sam was up to currently.
i make good money doing this so even though it sucks, i keep it going.
it has been four days now please aita?
she’s never made a move on me or flirted with me.
again, my licence depends on how well the iud works, but that will only work for a few years (it is a form of medication that releases progesterone) before i need a new one.
4th: the only seat left was next to my mum (his wife) and if it were me i’d much rather sit next to my so than at the head of the table trying to view from my dads side: i am finding it difficult to view from his side (hence the post).
he finally responded, but it wasn't what i had hoped.
owner pleads with cat to react to fuzzy object
me and my usually gaming group were playing terraforming mars.
we have been dating 4 years
unclear what coworker with banana on desk all day waiting for
i haven’t talked to him since and he didn’t show up for christmas breakfast.
he was acting kinda weird, so i went to go take a shower.
aita for losing respect for my friend because of his new girlfriend?
dad just wants nice, simple xbox one for checking email
the way i see it they're no different from being in the military.
we get paired up to do a project and even though i asked to switch partners(because nicole relentlessly picked on me before) the teacher wouldn’t let me.
i moved up one last time just to show that i'm not gonna back down and she inched up again as well.
i didn't take it seriously till i kinda thought about it more.
open-minded voter waits almost 5 minutes into debate to decide who won
shes kind, sweet, and is very considerate of others.
but my mom saw and she scolded me for pushing the guy?
kennedy space center displays suit worn by buzz aldrin while lobbying for nasa funding
am i the asshole for going overboard on a bad day and making my sister cry?
we only do pizza on valentine's day and i dont think we've ever bought streamers or confetti.
"well, i can't control how you interpret things.
&#x200b; tl;dr i leaked sensitive info about this guy after he got me banned from a discord group, then leaked a secret he told me after he told everyone my secret and also slandered me.
responsible gym member makes sure to wipe down personal trainer after workout
he kinds scared him by saying he wants to commit suicide and needed help.
in the end i return the money and they're not using my services.
aita for wanting to go to a concert with another girl?
i’m going to hand you a twenty-dollar bill, a ten-dollar bill, and three one-dollar bills.
i should also mention that i have apologized, but i don’t know if that was the right move as it seemed to anger her even more.
he had wandered off so i just went straight to the train station and sent him a message informing him that the next train leaves in 15 minutes and if he wants to come home with me then he better hurry and get here now.
she was great but always wanted to have other partners.
flight attendant demonstrates proper technique for eating fellow passenger in event of crash
skip to today and he has no plans on taking a half day.
34-year-old man may as well keep pursuing dream at this point
if i am the asshole what do i do next time?
aita for punching someone who was pissing me off?
we've had sex a few times but more often it's just heavy making out.
edit three: any more comments talking about condoms won't get an answer, i've explained why we didn't use them and i get it, everyone thinks my society is dumb for its views and everyone thinks her nurse is an idiot.
it made me uncomfortable because she never introduced me to those classmates and she got really tipsy a few times going home, at very late hours.
study: 73% of bedroom closets have wife's boy toy crouched naked inside
white house staff frantically shredding trump campaign aides
i tend to work all my waking hours, and when i'm not working i'm spending time with people in the city.
when my girlfriend found about it, she was angry(?) with me.
but i have kind of moved on from doing weekend long benders at this point and would rather just have drinks with good company.
local child amuses cafébut for how long?
teen newsweek reports north korea is the bomb
egyptians concerned about direction government is toppling in
around the office, i was coming up with jokes about school to scare the people on tours.
atlanta-area church to burn ceremonially throughout olympics
mom wants one of those things your sister has for christmas
this could mean absolute disaster, as cars already have a hard time starting in weather like this.
the mood in the room is really sad and kind of angry in the room, apparently one of our student dorm leaders (think like camp counselor), lets call him chad (lol) had been expelled, so i put 2 and 2 together and figured out that he had been caught in the mass bust.
like such an idiot and not only that i ruined this great surprise that he had planned for me.
&#x200b; now me and g are on good terms, as close as ever, go to the same university together, and even rooming in an apartment for sophomore year.
story: every single year, the party starts around 4-5 pm.
those chores include taking care of dogs (feed, water, let out, etc.) garbage, putting dishes in and out of dishwasher, cleaning whenever i'm told to (living room, bathroom, kitchen, and, obviously, my room), including others.
battle of wits with unwieldy burrito nears thrilling endgame
the price before taxes was $149, but since everything was used (predominantly by miranda) i would take 20% off (which i thought was fair).
apparently that party wasn't the first time he'd cornered her either, and he had a pretty significant size advantage on her too, so it was easy to see why she was so intimidated.
this really really sucked for me.
in all of this, i was awful to him.
but that is a small worry in comparison to potential fertility issues.
ann coulter attacks trump for cowardly backing down from full on race war
my plan is that next hanukkah party, when she shows up, i simply don't open the door.
😁" her: "haha that's life for ya" me: "i didn't think after it finished that you would go home immediately but it's cool" her: "well i am tired af from work 😂" her: "also my family just care about me a lot and want me to be safe" i didn't respond after that.
angry me decided to pull out my phone and start calling my uber because i didn't like being yelled at in a bar.
she is lucky that she has this naturally "curvy" waistline to hip and shoulders but a couple things do honestly bother me.
i was careful to keep my voice down, but it probably slipped to that typical level a few times.
it was 8pm by that time and i did not mind, because it was his place.
car tires are literally touching the ground all the time and i'm not sure this is a get the police involved kind of situation.
but i chose to tap the brakes at over 90mph while being tailgated.
i mentioned a couple of destinations, like portland, but i didn't realize a weekend there wasn't possible either.
she's doing well and staying sober, she's always been pretty strong and independent and i honestly believe the alcohol thing was a fluke tied to depression and she will be ok on the not drinking thing in the future, but she lost her job and can't afford the old house on her own so she's now unemployed and broke (rehab is expensive, yo).
sometimes i do ask her to hang out but it's a mixed bag of answers.
they got upset and called me closed minded, said they weren't hypocrites because it is already to late for them to start to be clean or some bullshit.
aita for wanting to kick my ex off my family plan?
i messaged her later to try and say that i was feeling hurt and didn't want to put more time and effort into organising these things if that was how it was going to be.
it is equally disturbing that there is an attempt to normalize his behavior and to implore the daughters to interact with their perpetrator.
inside: what the stars were wearing at terrible movie's gala premiere
so reddit, aita for not wanting to pay the credits?
especially when knowing me since years.
i told him no and he smirks and says that he can tell because my teeth are crooked.
arlen specter switches affiliation from alive to dead at last minute
he also recently had to move from his apartment to a basement because he couldn’t keep up with the expenses.
bush hides u.s. report card in sock drawer
i have two siblings that are several years older than i am.
showoff pallbearer carries casket by himself
i couldn't believe that i had let someone who had eaten dog near my dog, and i was repulsed at the idea of seeing him anymore.
i'm almost finished", and then she proceeds to watch 3 more episodes.
what kind of bugged me was her concern, as if a said something that personally offended her.
from my understanding, he was in 7th-9th grade and he abused his authority as the older sibling to receive sexual gratification from his sisters.
trump solemnly lays wreath at site where he would have died during vietnam war if he weren't rich
today i went to a basketball game, and right afterwards my dad sold something right in the parking lot of the school while my friends were entering their cars.
i immediately got silent and gathered my words because my first thought was to ask my wife what in the name of god's fucking fuck was going through her head, but i stayed calm.
first week of exams comes by, and they get low grades.
first meeting with the team, things are already being derailed, times being wasted.
but that thought of "what if" would constantly be in my head from now on.
he has told me that sometimes his sister, who he lives with, asks him to leave so that her friends can come over.
i want a wife and kids.
mike pence drapes shawl over immodest lady justice statue
unsold google glass units to be donated to assholes in africa
which just annoyed me because i wanted to resolve the issue since i could see it was important to her.
dad recommends hotel 10 miles away from city you're visiting
i'm a senior in high school, and college application season is well underway.
&#x200b; however i think it's very opportunistic of the friend to suggest this.
i've been depressed too and i think she just needs to get outside and do things more often to get better, but she says she's comfortable at the computer, knitting (what 20 year old knits?) or drawing/colouring in (which is childish and needs to stop).
my boyfriend and i were having a fun night together before he leaves on a trip.
all this time alone with my thoughts is turning my opinions around and filling me up with apathy for her, and i dislike that.
report: 15% of cars in mall parking lots occupied by family member who stormed off after fight
i decided that by creating a controversy, more people can hear about the subreddit.
but the situation still kind of rubbed me the wrong way.
i see it as not worth the risk.
detective not sure he was close enough to partner to endlessly pursue killer
they made the apartment reek after two weeks, when i asked him to remove them (which he did reluctantly).
so aita for yelling at him?
this year we discussed and planned as i'm sure all couples do, and we agreed that normally we are still full from a late lunch to eat dinner, so this year we would do breakfast at his rents, and late lunch at mine.
long story short we have been dating for 5 years, we met online and she moved to my city after college, have been living together for 4 years.
weird debate viewer using tonight to inform herself about candidates' policy stances
am i messed up for this??
single, unemployed mother leeching off government
she said “(brother) might have jumper cables, maybe he will do it” so am i the asshole and just making too big a deal?
she usually thinks these kinds of jokes/pranks are funny and i didnt mean it in a mean spirited way.
he complains about other people in our group not doing the right thing and not doing everything he says.
dhs sets security alert level to green for 8 seconds
i am taking her comments with a grain of salt, but i would like to gain outside opinions on this.
aita for trying to break into my neighbours yard aita for wanting to get to the bottom of what has happened.
and im a real sucker for tears so it’d be nice to get a second opinion.
and the baby mama said she would do anything to give her baby a good life and so convincing her to take the baby to the us shouldn't be a bad idea.
my step-sister got engaged to this dude about a year ago and most, if not all, of the family really does not like him, at least not personally.
**but** he does sometimes get on my nerves because he treats me like a child at times inspite of our small age gap.
me: oh hey, not much, just jailbreaking my 3ds f: oh cool!!!
i'm 23, waaaay too young to put everything on hold for the next 20 or so years, and i guess i looked out for myself.
popular new dating app just list of 20 attractive singles to repeatedly scroll through
but eventually we agreed to til she started talking about another guy i told her to cut it off and i dont want her sleeping with him again.
ok so theres little bit of a background information that you should know so sorry in advance for the long post.
this is the sort of situation where i normally would go talk to my daughter, make sure she is okay and if she wanted to play to go introduce herself.
cat prepares for anal display in owner's face
my mom is very upset still and so am i.
i was depressed as fuck and as suicidal as ever, so i was taken inpatient for about a week.
i know i'm too irritable to respond in an adult manner, which is why i was avoiding contact in the first place.
the three of us were out with another mutual friend of ours, and we were all getting along well.
i continued doing work (cleaning up from the pre lunch activities) while i waited for her to come back.
a little background, i've grown up my entire life since i was a baby watching tv to fall asleep and because of that i absolutely cannot sleep without a tv on.
radicalized patagonia releases new fleece made of 100% recycled oil company ceos
14-word diet stretched to 200 pages
saudi arabia announces escalation of human rights abuses to curry more favor with u.s.
'can anyone hear me?' shout terrified climate scientists frantically waving arms as passersby walk straight through them
david crosby shows photo of dwarven blacksmith to barber to give idea of what he wants
he hasn't tried to talk to me since(about a year now).
i think that is a poor excuse but whatever.
however it became a big issue and a long text battle with her basically telling me i’m a shitty parent.
area man uses 'big buck hunter' score to determine ability to drive home
in the heat of the moment, i took the money from him and let him leave, taking a picture of his tag.
she jumps out of the car livid.
of course all that was a lie.
halloweiner frankfest 2013 poster now relic of time long gone
i went into a bad downward spiral, feeling unwanted and that he was cheating on me behind my back.
f: fuck this, i'm out *grabs his stuff and heads for the door* m: *still sitting at the table working* don't let the door hit your ass on the way out, i don't need it pulling a houdini to this day he still hasn't forgiven me for the comments where as i've forgiven him but it still weighs on me: should i have bite my tongue and just done it or just declined nicely?
in the span of maybe 1.5 seconds i contemplated what just happened and my role in it.
wayne lapierre accidentally blows hand off during cpac speech
he told me i was a dick and stormed off.
aita for being annoyed at the fact the my dad doesn't seem to appreciate all i do around the house.
i have no problems or any sort of predicament with my parents or siblings, whenever i see them in person, it's a fun time.
she also forgave her friend because his intentions were good.
she occasionally messaged me on special occasions like after my interview at cambridge, birthday and a-level results.
aita for being mad at my friend for breaking almost every object she has?
he told me the worst part was that one of the pictures was of his best friend who he'd internally compared himself to for years.
pentagon to surround self with pentagon decoys
all those years shopping at independent bookstore wasted
lyndon johnson jr. sworn in as george editor
nation baffled by childless woman who doesn't even have high-powered career
she will also fart in bed, when she thinks i am asleep.
something she can’t take during the pregnancy.
he was addicted to porn and cheated on me (by telling online girls he wanted to fuck them etc).
man read somewhere they proved thing he just made up
so she likes to brag and remind you how poor you are.
thanks for taking time to vote.
horrifying email from ex-girlfriend titled 'a few things'
they would not let me board the tokyo plane without it.
context: i live in a small town in australia and typically every 1 in 5 houses has christmas lights, but some streets are known for having all their houses participate, which attracts slow drivers who are too lazy to leave their car and walk through
sam and i are super fucking close by now, and we're literally always together.
poignant dying words wasted on dumbshit nephew
i told her the truth, because i hate lies and i'd want people to tell me the truth.
there's a host of other things that also need to be done, including an ethics/legal complaint related to the hospital stay, and other complex shit that happened while my wife was in hospital, but all that would likely be another reddit post later when i have time for it.
woman's parents accepting of mixed-attractiveness relationship
bad test grades are grounds for severe punishments, but a c for the quarter, immortalized on my transcript forever?
mom just called to say hi and that she's very sad
i know they aren't gonna do anything about it, buy i felt better telling them and imagining that they would.
the other day she messed me and wanted me to come over after school, so i did.
never heard of deoderant” we both smile and move on with our conversation.
i asked if she had free time.
aita for making racist shitposts on reddit to the point that the admins shadowbanned my ip i'm permabanned poster blackdeath8877.
papal infallibility invoked to allow scrabble word
i guess my intention of saying that was to make a point that the wsj are a dis-credible news source (i guess?) she thought it wasn't funny to make nazi jokes, in which i said that dark humor isn't for everybody.
money is money and i managed to double count in about 30 minutes, yet the cashier called me an asshole and told me to beat it as soon as i asked if they'd accept payment in coins.
the landlord currently lives there and there is one other room aside from mine that he is trying to rent out.
report: majority of americans now answering to name 'lardface'
&#x200b; &#x200b; her: what does that even mean?
first day of us actually meeting each other, we talked in class and enjoyed each others company.
you are universally the asshole in that case.
nra touts oliver north's expertise at avoiding jail time for colluding with hostile foreign powers
for clarity, i still live at home currently and i am involved in the household and the farm that i live on.
nobel prize awarded to man who helped humans have more fucking babies
he is universally hated among the people that work in my town....
report: more americans relying on grandparents to help fuck up their kids
this christmas my son and i are staying in town, not visiting family.
decorative throw pillow positively aching for a quick plump
one day i caught him stealing raw cookie dough and eating it in the cooler.
it was her choice to raise me and invest in me, i didn't ask to be born.
it let out a lot of skeltons in my closet.
my friend then gave them all a lift to their dad's house which she didn't mind, but as soon as her sister wanted to leave she expected my friend to drop what she was doing and take her back without having even asked, no please and no thank you.
aita for not allowing my youngest daughter to eat junk food but letting my other kids eat it?
should i make her cheat on her current bf?
a question i get all the time is whether my gaming partner is my fiancé because i do say i’m engaged but rarely reveal to whom.
unbeknownst to me, they had gotten back together after a few days.
seaworld employees place orcas in plastic bags of water while cleaning tanks
my parents would come up and urge me to greet them and sit with them, and i would have to make a story to them about how i don’t like them and don’t want to see them and don’t feel like they should be coming to my house every day.
world-weary sigh emanates from next bathroom stall
aita for being an asshole around my mom since she cheated on my dad?
i always wanted to see memorials in nanjing which is an hour away, talking to my coworkers about it and one says we should do it on our day off.
i tried to think of something to say, but how do you say " sorry you're cool, but i had a dream where you raped me so i can't talk to you anymore" without sounding really crazy?
i think i kind of believed that too at the time.
i am a university student with not much at my disposal, but seeing a cat in front of me in such a way made me feel pained for choosing to move on and at the end ignore it.
without talking to my girlfriend first?
i asked bella and another friend to pick the things up for me since i couldn't face my ex.
her parents sit there chatting and say absolutely nothing to her as she just holds her tongue out her damn mouth and wheezes while i try to hold my breath for the next ten minutes until i can breathe fresh air again.
smoke detector saves family from buying new batteries for remote
aita for using a friend to practise my social skills with women?
side note, this company only grants sick days when verified by a doctor’s note, pre-approved vacation days, and emergency time for when an immediate family member is terminally ill/has died.
after the break up we continued to message as we normally would, i met her a few times for coffee, and after a few weeks i asked her to be my girlfriend again, to which she said that she would need time to think about, which i thought fair enough, and the day after this i went on holiday with my family abroad so i couldn't really message her all that much.
the next day i was told ted was fired for stealing food from the cooler.
i'm sitting there looking at cats fetching stuff on reddit when the supervisor pulls up in his car at the stop.
white house celebrates fifth straight year without oral sex
(i'm not saying she should do dishes because she's a woman.
aita for talking to my sister/willing to talk to my sister anymore?
i totally get i missed a chance to be super-boyfriend, but it feels selfish she can’t see that she’s asking me to essentially watch her sleep and pay for it by getting horribly ill myself.
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend at her senior homecoming new account because main includes my name.
my boss heard and grabbed me by the shoulder and pulls me into his office.
dorm room decorated with empty bottles of adderall
me and my older brother are in business together, though he is pretty much understood to be in charge.
they either come out on their balcony or knock on my door and tell me how rude i am for not respecting them.
ok so a couple of weeks ago i bought my bf an exspensive set of gamijg headphones.
aita- am i the asshole for emailing my teacher asking about last-minute grade adjustments?
her friend tiffany went to my ear and told to me : - "go on, she likes you.
mom reports that hometown actually has a lot going on now
washing my feet requires me to prop up my foot in the bathroom sink and do some one-legged acrobatics while i scrub between the toes.
i think the others might not have realised how hard i worked on that, because i tried to politely downplay it, like "aww, no, it's nothing", but it was actually kinda stressful to make everything work.
they'll let me know when that is and they'll be available...
i have never cheated on anyone and i have no intention of starting with him.
life-changing epiphany wears off on ride home
rare species of frog may hold cure to...ah, never mind, it's extinct
(sorry for all the mistakes, english is my second language) and i'm the boss, so no one can't really say anything.
him: hm *hangs up* after he hung up i didn’t text him with intent on starting an argument.
i gave her the heads up because i just don't want to be disappointed but i could tell there was some hesitation / unsuredness around how to treat my birthday.
doctors say pope will be infallible for another year at most
natalie was my worst bully by far, she insulted me, threw stuff at me and harassed me on a regular basis, it was daunting to say the least and the tutors did nothing when i told them as they said it wasn't a college matter.
man doesn't get why people waste money on therapist when they could just emotionally crush girlfriend
we were only together for about three months, and i only really liked her because she was hot, so i don’t miss her that much.
newly engaged couple receives incredible outpouring of insincerity from family, friends
we both agreed that raising our kids in the country was the best thing for our family.
jay-z: 'on second thought, i like orlando more'
cosmopolitan releases 40-year compendium: 812,683 ways to please your man
new acnefree treatment ships teens to remote island colony for remainder of puberty
tl/dr kid i go to school with wanted a ride home.
exuberant trump rally crowd bats syrian refugee child around arena before candidate comes on stage
am i the asshole for letting things go this way, for inviting her to stay the night, and for letting it happen before, even if i'm not gonna date her?
they were supposed to go back to their country earlier in the month, but my grandfather sustained a leg injury and couldn't walk.
&#x200b; in their defense, our family was pretty attached to pets growning up.
because "games are for little kids" as my dad says.
a week ago i asked her if she wanted to come over and give me head (i was out of condoms) and she said she didn’t think it would be worth it to come over just to do that, i told her that we’d be hanging out too and again, because she likes me she agreed.
after she went away i was going to text my boyfriend asking him to pick me up so i didn't have to deal with this, but i noticed she took my phone in the heat of the fight, and decided to go ask for it back so i could leave.
new ketchup gets horrifying look at grisled, almost empty bottle it replacing
even if i stopped seeing his mom i dont believe he will let up with the smear campaign.
delicate pastry not made for this world
life choices leading area man to career in self-storage
the guy she cheated on me with told her about how he wished i knew about what they did together.
pfizer unveils new double-sided epipen for lovers
however, the dude in front of me then announces he is ok with her there and asks her to stay.
woman who has been let down by so many leave-in conditioners can't bear to put herself out there again
embarrassed whale panicking about huge barnacle outbreak before date
this is one complicated shitstorm that has 14 years’ worth of back story so i’ll try my best to give you a brief and unbiased perspective.
multiple times i confronted her, to not avail.
button-up shirt goes on life-changing odyssey around dry cleaner's garment conveyor
she is not very emotionally strong and i know a break now would not be clean and she would really struggle and this hurts me to think about as it not only will upset her but could potentially ruin her life as she has interviews and applications, which will affect what happens to her future, coming up soon as well as exams and i couldn't ever imagine doing that to her.
scott pruitt claims misappropriated epa funds would have only been wasted on dumb shit like clean water
(sorry about bad grammer) ~starpastels edit 1:ok i need to say this bc i think i worded this wrong, he wants to be my friend.
box with cooking instructions immediately retrieved from trash
area couple not sure if sex was tantric
i also hate the "look at me, look at me, aren't i wonderful for caring" narcissistic mentality that has crept into society.
terrified, i excused myself, walked out of the concert and had a panic attack worrying about her and why she was doing this to herself and what it all meant.
congress votes to intervene in local wedding
aita for telling my girlfriend i've had enough of her instagram hobby?
therefore each weekend now it's sometimes just me and them two in my small flat.
the third bridesmaid had tried on this dress previously but didn’t want to spend 200 dollars and requested we keep the dress under 100 dollars.
they constantly anex me from the ground i started and bully me into doing what they want.
although we both have had numerous partners - my husbands body count is probably over 100-150 women.
it's always bugged me that she goes on her phone when we're in bed whether its after we've had sex or when we're just cuddling or spending time together.
then i revealed after that if was me.
he has only told me and his close friends about his gayness.
you can hear me poop and go “ahhhh” sometimes.
today i snapped and told her off, i told her to not talk to me about this and asked her to leave me alone.
allstate charged with operating protection racket
47-second clip from 'family ties' season 3 now available on youtube
anyway, i know i’m nta, but i just want to see what you guys have to say, and show it to my bratty sister to prove she’s wrong.
that brings us to the current situation, i asked her last weekend when she would be free next because i'd like to see her.
i never found the cat and the girl friend packed some bags and left.
we use the vase, but literally have not touched the glasses.
scientists trace campus-wide pussy shortage to zbt house
his sister's trial just killed any hope i had.
or should i have gone out with her even though i wasn't having a good time in this club?
dog's eye gunk wiped back on dog
so i got him and his fiance together and said i needed to plan the bachelor party.
we had regular talks about whether we were both still happy with the relationship and with the monogamy part of it.
i texted him 2 days ago and said horribly mean things.
please let me know in the comments who you think the ass is.
they said i should leave him alone but how can i do that when he's like my best friend and we did so much stuff together?
also, she hadn't eaten so we made a fast food run together.
she asked mom for accommodation and apparently after rejecting mom’s offer to stay at her house outside of the city, mom offered her to stay in my apartment with me (she insisted she wanted to stay in the center of the city).
uptight matron enjoys handful of pills
the next day on monday i’ve been mourning since and stayed in bed all day.
i told her that if i got this email i would get triggered at the person sending it.
rock hard café acquires autographed bon jovi cock ring
well, i moved in with some of my “mates” i didnt really know them, just met them last year.
aita for not wanting to pick up after my dog?
i'm just wondering if i was a dick or not.
tinder announces app will no longer match users solely with distant relatives
i spoke to daughter and explained that she had really upset me by maintaining that the piece of paper which she had never seen before today was worth completely ignoring my request.
encyclopedic knowledge not so handsomely bound
my mom knows i hate the holidays, she knows the reason for it, and i previously told her i didn't want to celebrate any this year.
this continued and we started exchanging messages on a daily basis.
11-year-old moron can't wait to get her first period
i then say my dog who was very old at the time and sickly but she kept powering through it, teacher says it was an unreasonable choice and disrespectful.
party guest hoping birthday card with shirtless hunk taken in playful spirit with which it was intended
nutritionists recommend 3-4 daily servings of anything that's about to go bad
when talking to the front desk, i remained calm but let them know that the spa shower was uncomfortable experience for both of us and recounted the especially poor experience that my wife had.
mother surprised son needs so much ammunition for first day of school
everyone forgets to bring swimsuits to coworker's party
to cheat on multiple women and stick around at this school just to sleep with girls and be dishonest is gross.
i put so much effort into doing that for her for so long.
to me, this isn't an excuse.
aita for being offended and changing thanksgiving menu bc so's guest is bringing something juvenile and cheap i should not be annoyed because i told my so to invite friends.
the other three have always been more open emotionally and physically than me, and i've alwyas enjoyed this as a welcome balance.
she has stated to me multiple times that she's trying to get pregnant.
it pissed me off more and i kind of stomped off ahead of them for a while.
acoustic-guitar-wielding trump tells congress 'this here's the story of america'
so me and my ex-girlfriend were together for nearly ten years (met when we were in school).
he frequently takes me to restaurants and clubs to meet clients.
our daughter picked up the chair and brought it back to the front porch saying she would just read a book there instead.
i'm just devastated and wish she would listen to reason.
radical islamic extremists snowboard into u.s. embassy
aita for wanting to go to my fraternity's retreat instead of wanting to go on vacation with my gf?
am i the asshole for forgetting or am i innocent since she didn't remind me or text me or anything?
thai dish apparently costs 3 peppers
she defintely does less of the chores and in her own way of being untidy creates more work for me to do.
my mom wants me to be in family photos, but it's pretty clear she is the only one that considers me a part of that family.
i know i was asking a lot for him to wait for this stupid divorce to finish, even though we were seeing each other anyway.
going dutch means each paying for their own meals.
he has the same head coach as last season (he also has a son on the team, but his son is really good).
the biggest issue that she has voiced and that we've both talked about with each other is that she deals with anxiety and jealousy due to my past and my sexual lifestyle before her and i started dating.
so i told her, think of it as the same thing, except i am in the living room and won't be as attentive until later in the night.
toddlers debate whether 'dora's explorer girls' canon or expanded universe
recently at a family dinner i told my sil i couldn't eat any of her cooking because i am allergic, i really didn't like any of the food she cooked but i wasn't lying as some of it does contain ingredients i'd be allergic to.
a year ago, i met this girl on tinder and we started talking for about two months or so, she became really attached to me, even though we've never met.
so, i've (m19) been talking to this girl (f19) , and we have this thing where we meet up, go to dinner and stay over at my place for a day or two, we were supposed to meetup today, but she called me and said she couldn't make it.
cnn holds panel discussion to determine if there race problem in america
i never want to hurt my friends and i am genuinely sorry if i did, but i don't know what she wants me to do now after our argument.
new distressed jeans feature broken-in cameltoe
and i didn't want to be a cheater so i decide to break up instead.
anyhow, we recently got engaged which means family invitations are going out.
but going alone to a stripclub let alone talk to a stripper enough to get her instagram is a entire different story to me.
i just really wanted a house that doesnt smell but now i feel like a horrible person for loosing her pet.
it’s so bland i could die.
note that at this time we didn't even have any school.
(honestly don’t know why i would word it like that, i was just trying to convince her that water was better cause i prefer that both my daughters drink water and so far, they prefer water over anything else.
this is not the first time he’s asked me to get drunk with him during a school break since my last party but i just want nothing to do with him or his drinking habits.
my wife and i have been together for over two years, dating for about as long before that.
people stopping walking in the middle of busy areas.
it did make me feel uncomfortable and honesty lose a little respect for you.
he continues to reassure that it was okay but i just don’t feel right about it, am i really the asshole?
facebook offering new profile frame to let friends know you stopped scrolling briefly to look at disaster photos and felt sorta bad
my fiance has been in my life for eight months, and can't understand the bond that i have with my best friend.
i don't ask for dick pics or change my personality or anything like that; am i the asshole?
depression symptom checklist speaking to area man as no poem ever could
vital info on iraqi chemical weapons provided by u.s. company that made them
should have expected this level of cuisine this yr.
which makes sense, but i kind of have a reason to be late?
aita for attempting to intervene in my friends' marriages?
i know because i take that path to work some days.
woman dozing at coffee shop has that dave eggers sex dream again
i concede that i likely overreacted on the bacon, but her repeated inconsideration is making me uncomfortable in my own home.
mental health experts recommend calling fratricide prevention hotline for anyone contemplating killing brother
it was still dark out when it happened.
blocking my number on her phone and getting angry when she talked to me even before there was any sign of romance between us.
one of my good friends tried out for the team, and i really threw my weight behind advocating for the friend.
self-deprecating man just scratching surface of how pathetic he actually is
she is on birth control and that is the reason she is breaking out.
cyber monday retailers pull in record 700 terabytes of consumers' personal information
that's when i retrieve my stash and get a basket full of candy for pennies on the dollar.
he still owes me and he knows it even though he vigorously denies it.
he snapchat bitmoji is in a freaking unicorn costume 7.
now, i want to be very clear here - nowhere in the chat, in the tinder pictures, in our text messages was it even implied, let alone stated, that she was in a wheelchair.
we placed our order and watched each notification on the cool pizza tracker.
she was all oh my god are you okay and saying no no it’s okay health is #1 and i was saying thank you, she said she was there if i needed anything and i thought ok, this is where it ends.
what's left of pamela anderson married again
i told him that i was hurt by this breach of our agreement but he said i was out of line because he still wouldn't be getting married before me, and he said i didn't have a say in whether he proposes or not.
8-year-old can already tell image of dad puking stuck in memory forever
i was confused, but all right.
am i the asshole here and suck it up or is she the asshole?
study finds effectiveness of medical treatment skyrockets when doctor acts like condescending dick
49-year-old nearly back to pre-middle-school confidence levels
my girlfriend of 2 years was at a concert with a girl friend at the time and since we had decided not to go to the party anymore went back to her place instead of coming over.
but the way she did this was so disrespectful that i would have felt like a complete pussy for allowing it.
people around us and in our friend group teased us about it and we still joke about it to this day but we carried on being friends.
gerber recalls 60,000 jars of baby poison
aita for making my partner wait for me to have a cigarette?
i could take this level of pain for the rest of my life and i probably deserve that.
i call her a "little shit" for not filming with us and that everyone else is out there putting the effort in.
his two daughters would come over every other weekend and i did the same thing, just staying in my room.
my comment was along the lines of "the little girl from modern family distracts me because she looks mongoloid."
i know i know people are different and i don't expect her to be like me.
john kelly roots out remaining priebus sympathizers hiding in tunnels throughout white house
i’ve been there for two years and one of their most long term employee.
basically she told me that her parents offered to pay our wedding, but she rejected their offer and never told me about it.
but then she started wearing clothes i had just bought without asking.
he should be mad at himself for having acted in such a reportable way.
leno's voicemail message pauses for laughter
he has taken the lsat and did decently.
and not offering my couch if he couldn't come home sorry for my bad english since this happend a few hours ago and in probably still stoned.
and that i’m going to have to pay for them myself.
experts warn repeated attempts at eradicating obamacare may have created ultra-resistant super law
man can't believe obama would use tragedy to push anti-tragedy agenda
i think i should cut the crap, and straight up ask them to send a pic, but i've now sent a total of 6 things in total between everything, and i really really don't want them to get annoyed at me, but i don't want the streak to end.
groom not about to let some 6-year-old dance with his bride
i was taking an art class at my university that allowed us to use whatever medium we wanted to create a work based around a central theme.
she tries to control me and always judges me.
but i don't like talking to people under the influence so that means that i won't be able to talk to her at all tonight.
eventually, i kissed her even though i knew i had no intention of ever being together with her.
i truly felt like she kind of played with my emotions, and was just generally with me for the convenience of it.
a couple of people from mcdonalds came outside after she took off asking if i wanted to call the cops (and saying "that was friggin awesome!") i asked them to.
since then, without fail, one of my neighbors and his rottweiler take a stroll every morning and his dog happens to take a dump right in front of my window.
focus groups hated it right up until guy's head got cut off
i called my parents to let them know i gave her the money, the wedding hall was beautiful, how her dress looked, and how i didn't stay long because i had to study.
this just came through....* *you going home to bed tonight or did you want to get together?* *can we have a chat about " date nights"?
aita i didn’t interfere when my brother “oopsed” my sister in law pregnant on purpose my sister in law did not want to have kids, at least not until she at a good point in her career, but my brother did not want to wait.
charles durning hocks up four-pound chunk of phlegm
giant blood clot dislodges from your femoral artery
i was kinda blown back made me think for a minute.
aita for lying to a girl so she'd stop talking to me?
he said he needs someone that understands he has chronic health problems that are not his fault he has, are incurable, and that he will probably need meds or some sort of treatment for for the rest of his life.
i feel like it's kind of fucked up and i don't want to come in between y'all." i need to point out here that when i had my closest friend read that message he said "best friend?
perverted creep keeps asking women what they're wearing
i'm extremely unlikely to be fired from any of these jobs for taking a certain amount of time off on short notice, but the longer i take off, the greater the impact on the job itself as well as others relying on me being present.
those i have in my life, i make time for when possible, it's not on a roster, i respect you want to be alone, but i'm not disposable nor a means for passing the week by.
we all move to get up and stretch before the next play starts.
monarch butterfly makes directorial debut on 'nature' episode
apartment returns to pre-houseguest level of tension
surrendering trump boys solemnly salute each other before leaping from white house first-story window
she just break up with her boyfriend of 7 years, so she is single now, but with a broken heart, and his uncle die a few days ago because an illness.
it been to meet ppl and talk to them about gaming.
not once during the day did i say anything about the fact that we had to go, because we had previously discussed numerous times what the plans were and the rough timings of things.
i got this in reply: “i don’t have the original.
tonight: house faces his greatest challenge yet
i got angry at her because the cat is fine and my dad was only trying to help.
furious meghan markle can't believe harry hasn't told family she's black yet
me- excuse me, are you stupid or fucking blind?
there was some nudity, large breasted girls, even a lesbian scene.
mil is a bit touchy feely.
prior to the pregnancy, my girlfriend liked to flaunt her body and i was fine with that.
i always get out to my car as fast as i could, to avoid waiting for 15 minutes just to leave the parking lot.
however, there are two bad habits in particular that i've always felt strongly about: smoking and overeating/obesity.
scientists close to developing life-saving vaccine that they can rub in faces of their doubters
espn curious if you have ever considered playing fantasy football
teacher frustrated no one in beginner yoga class can focus chakras into energy blast
all-business adult in halloween shop beelines it straight for pinhead mask
choking man can already tell good samaritan has no fucking clue what they're doing
congress passes natural disaster digital-enhancement funding
wibta if i ask my boyfriend to return the tv that he bought for his money?
afghan warlord takes anderson cooper as 43rd wife
some friends of my mother come over, and she asks me 'could i serve them banana bread?' i'm not too excited about this, and mention it, but ultimately say 'sure, i can spare a couple pieces.' i try to get the pieces out and manage to take out two, since it's fresh out of the oven, they start falling apart.
woman digs excitedly into ingrown hair around bikini line like grave robber pillaging spoils of the dead
just a stay-in-bed kind of day, fire department declares
onlookers gape as daredevil crosses street without basic health insurance
my dog had just taken a nice, big, well-formed shit with a nice solid consistency, and i had scooped it (because i'm not the kind of asshole who doesn't clean up after their dog, though i may be some other kind of asshole), so was carrying it in a baggie.
so clearly my comment really bothered her :/ i am obviously embarrassed now by the whole thing.
i (31f) suffer from chronic intractable migraines, basically i have migraines nearly all of the time and medication tends to give me zero relief.
but she starts getting mad at me because she always pays for me and calls me crazy and that i would never say no to anybody else asking ( which isn’t true) so am i the asshole here?
fda prepares nation for switch to digital food format
i find out that 3 of my other friends ( 3 roommates) were also planning to go.
but if i put the problem this way, she'd basically have to choose between me and smoking, cause by quitting smoking she'd have the money to fix her dentures.
both last season and so far this season, we have been losing game after game.
gop gasps as red-eyed shadow counsel smashes out of gestation tank
aita for intentionally breaking someone else’s pencil this happened years ago in middle school, but is still a point my aunt likes to bring up at family functions in order to highlight my moral failings, so i have to know.
aita for talking about suicide to the girl who rejected me?
everyone in sears spanking a child
he would not give me the company’s insurance info, as he claimed they had to “dig it up”.
area man can't wait to get home to look out new window
i explained to her that she needs to locate the child immediately and she can’t be saying that she “can’t do this” right in front of the children.
i said: "shut up at least you don't have an alcoholic dad who beats you and a mom who manipulates you, not that i do, go fuck yourself.
i told them not to worry about calling an ambulance, and that i'm okay enough to go to the emergency room myself.
her family has been disrespectful for months and this is the first time i warned them.
manager of combination taco bell/kfc secretly considers it mostly a taco bell
she was weirded out by me taking so many pictures of her at different times.
new yorker article unread in brooklyn, queens, bronx, staten island
lifelong boise resident realizes he's never been to morrison knudsen nature center
trump boys chasing wounded boar around white house
seeing as a has never once notified us about the arrival of her male guest or guests, i did not realize that i was expected to give fair notice to her.” never once did i state or imply her coming to the room was unreasonable.
snakes on caduceus clearly in love
prince harry, meghan markle set up bridal registry at london-area target
she’d even make fun of my dead aunt with her friend and they would both gang up on me.
my older son says i am putting him in the middle of our conflict because my ex won't take my phone calls and will take the kids calls.
i'm trying to make the situation better but it was probably my fault.
love you xxx i replied >?
we were away on kind of a vacation while this happened, and some neighbors of ours' sent us pictures and we got to see the desolated greenhouse pieces all over the place.
john kelly loses seat on naacp board of directors
person with almost no responsibility always stressed out
they escort her to pick up items for the night and wisk her away to a hotel.
tsa agent can't bring himself to make dad take off comfy shoes
snuggle marketers kill off 18-34 demographic rather than let it fall into hands of competitor
ruslana told me all the time eventually ivanna would do the same shit to tme.
her surgery wasn't anything major, it was just double eyelid surgery.
throwaway bc my dad uses reddit.
i was at my wit's end and had zero time to take someone under my wing).
eventually she messaged my mom and asked her to tell me to please give her a call.
the other day she asked me what she thought with her looks.
throughout my life i’ve had a few close guy friends, who i knew had crushes on me, do what i would consider “out of their way” favors for me.
the problem is i know how badly i want to believe my boyfriend.
snowy mountain in pyeongchang figures it can withstand 1 or 2 more big cheers before triggering avalanche
i knew that the witch hunt did target him though.
(at this point the conversation kind of died for a while until she brought it up again later.
they take my statement and tell me that she is at the police station giving a statement.
'luck' producers still killing a lot of horses
actor-comedian pauly shore bad at 32
film-school graduate goes straight to video-store job
i'd like to be nice and gentle about this, but he has a week max in the condition he is in.
politics is all about making one group of people seem worse than your group of people.
area man has shitty fuckin' job
you need to ask why he wants to do this." even if you exempt (the eldest brother) of fault, it is still likely damaging to your daughters to live with him.
ray-ban a little unsure public can pull off 2012 series of sunglasses
he wants me to keep 500 in all the time from now on) so i told him we might have overdrawn and he was really mad.
she tried to start conversations a few more times throughout the day, but i just gave really brief "yes" or "no" answers, again, because i wasn't feeling sociable.
i am living in a pay for the week motel and i barely have any money for anything but rent.
i do my very best to support him in all the hard work he is doing keeping the family and household afloat.
(he told me his price range i did not ask for more than that).
i asked him if he really wanted a stranger raising our kids and in really mocking tone he said no, he wanted me to walk a mile in his shoes.
she acknowledged that i had come in because she said i had “hurt my back”.
he also said if he ever catches me playing games he will break my new laptop.
lucky for me, the doors were unlocked.
both of my parents run their own businesses and work easily 60+hrs a week.
1930s comedian pretty sure he's outsmarted murphy bed
new evidence suggests humans may have been dipping crunchy things into gooey things earlier than previously thought
aita for kicking out a girl we took in who would not live under our rules?
aita for playing music loudly during the daytime as a music student?
so first time posting to this subreddit, hope i do it right.
we talked it out but it wasn't the same after.
aita for requesting my gf to change her makeup style?
lesser piece of paper used to test pen's viability
(sleep)\] yesterday, when i was sending her back home.
man at airport pissed that other people had same idea to go home for thanksgiving
abc reannounces cancellation of 'mr. sunshine' just to destroy matthew perry a little more
i was removed from my work group chat, and several people actually deleted me as a friend.
and i do know that sending that many messages is rather obnoxious, though i feel like completely ignoring an honest apology is also a hurtful thing to do.
every single person on that stage worked so hard to make this performance exceptional, and the parts where tara wasn't saying anything sounded beautiful enough to tug at your heartstrings...
i got home at 9:45pm, thinking the party was probably over by now.
i was randomly assigned a roommate, whom i contacted about 2 weeks prior to moving in.
u.s. economy continues campaigning for barack obama
i didn’t realize that this had happened and i started to feel really bad.
well, rose's mom listened to what i had to say, and she gave rose lots of attention today in hopes to make her feel better.
new program provides depressed americans with suicide assistance dogs
we've said that we loved each other, talked about getting married, and i obviously have a good relationship with his son.
biden gets grow light delivered to white house under fake name
michelle obama seen outside walking family rhinoceros
thanks for the comments who lead me to apologize to her, we are cool, she told me she knows that if something bad happens or there are problems, she can always ask for help.
she's *lightly* mentioned wanting to go out occasionally to places like olive garden "because she likes the red sauce" or other places because she likes the food, and now that i'm thinking about it, she's gotten kinda gloomy because i've asked her to cook on date nights instead of going out more often.
astronomers just going to go ahead and say dark matter nitrogen
economy given big boost by ramadan shopping season
no one is proud of me ever because it's more than them.
aita for wanting my friend to pay his way?
i know i could’ve handled it better, but i gave him so many chances and he just completely ignored all of them.
aita for telling my younger son that his older brother will take over my business one day, not him.
aita for punching my dad in the shoulder?
&#x200b; i go home, lock myself, and go to sleep, only to be woken up a few more times by her for the same reason, but those times i did not open the door - just pressed a pillow over my ears, and slept to my heart's content.
i really would be an asshole if i just put boxes under the tree.
i told them where i worked and asked to please come get it if they need it.
his grandparents, and i would call all the close family friends i didn’t get to see and let them know why they won’t be seeing me.
school started and she doesn't respond, this carries on i ask and she says she forgot.
alcoholic's plan for turning life around doesn't involve getting sober
about a month ago my dad watched my girlfriends cat for us as we had to leave town for the weekend.
i used to work at a camping facility back around 2015.
so am i the asshole for hitting her car?
i will be working my ass off.
he is between a 3xl and a 4xl in shirts.
i was more or less ready to keep it all on me from now on as i had previously did.
i don't intend to cheat on her whatsoever.) edit : thank you for all the furious comments giving me shit for being the worst a shit human being.
if she feels strongly about that then fine, i'm not going to fight against it.
i agreed and the night ended.
am i the asshole for not breaking it off?
habitat for humanity investigated for working conditions after 92-year-old laborer collapses on site
smiley scrubbing bubbles devour area child
aita ignored my gf and upset her my sister had a friend in middle school that liked me.
workaholic dad misses only one or two accomplishments in unimpressive child's life
&#x200b; my mom has always been critical of who i date, but she seems especially critical of my current bf, asking why i liked him, what his parents did and where he was from, what he's in school for, etc etc.
she's talking about how she doesn't know what to do, and trying to discuss it, but they locked it because there's no question.
i apologized and said hey come on i am sorry, my bad now lets stop.
edit3: now getting comments from strangers saying they are glad me and my wife (who is now reading these) can't have kids.
she also says it makes no sense for her to have come out to see n and dance but then leave after half hour, without spending any time with him or stepping foot in the bar.) she claims she didn't remember getting into the uber or the 20 minute ride.
newly uncovered journals reveal alexander graham bell invented telephone as first step in consolidating all american businesses into single monopoly
a couple of months ago i [24m] started developing feelings toward my friend [24f] who happened to have a boyfriend at that time.
and she let me know it by shitting on me some more.
she told me that maybe it was better if i left.
it ends up making a much larger mess than i figured it would, but i’m able to clean up most of it before i go on my way.
but all her friends are dead now, so she lives by herself in this small, faraway town.
we had dinner together, but we split the bill.
while it is a sweet film and well animated, there are tons of well animated films out there that don't get as much attention.
the relationship is important to me but have i damaged it permanently?
i like a lot of cream in my coffee and sometimes i won't have enough room in my cup.
obama throws up right there during syria meeting
i have tattoos on my fingers, forearms, back, chest, neck, and on one cheek.
i have been wanting to tell him this for a long time and have already talked about it to my mom and she always replies "go tell him then, i have already tried but he won't listen".
one of the less well known one is called a "slump buster".
i ignored everyone, but when i got a text from my sister (who i haven't really talked to for almost a year) which said "i heard you won some money from my ticket", i just replied with "lmao, fuck off".
i just bought an empty xbox case and just put a big rock inside.
staff members under new defense secretary wondering if they still get summers off
bausch & lomb introduces line of aviator contacts
with it being so close to christmas and the new year i put off breaking up with f until after the holidays.
i covered for her while she was on break for half an hour.
i'm no genius either, but i'm an average student with mostly 8s and 9s grades (out of 10).
everyone in whitey bulger trial found dead in woods outside dorchester
she said fine turned her back, picked up her phone and started watching netflix with sound on, no ear phones and screen is bright.
decaying city just wants to skip to part where it gets revitalized restaurant scene
virgin mary night-light stares accusingly as christian teen masturbates
one of them $20, and one of them $10.
6-year-old shits out half-assed hand turkey
john goodman's mouth obviously full during dunkin' donuts voice-over
i don’t really have a social life and my sos friends prefer being round our house than going out so there’s only like 1 day every few weeks where i’m actually alone for like 2-4 hours.
last night, after what seemed to be 3 years of silence and trash talking me to his friends, an exfriend apologized to me about everything he did in the past, how he changed, and wanted to be friends again.
money spent for old time's sake
it's really a matter to discuss with their own parents; not me.
since he told me that, i asked if we could facetime for a few minutes knowing that he would sleep very soon.
now let me tell you, i had always wanted a shiba and always planned to have one when i have my own place.
i was born in this country and have lived here all my life.
the last thing i did was ask to have the driver’s contact info or for them to pass mine along to him so that he could get in touch with me.
she claimed if i answered her questions i’d have my stuff back.
she was a dancer while still maintaining a full, curvy shape.
aita for not going to my aunt's wedding and lying about it this weekend was my aunt's wedding, and i really did not want to go, as the venue was more than two hours away, i barely knew her at all, and i needed to concentrate on studying for my finals.
out of nowhere, he comes ate me and tells me to go buy some ketchup, because he needs 'em.
wibta if i didn't let a family friend in to my apartment wjen she shows up to a party an hour early?
new comic features aquaman as 45-year-old single father to troubled flounder
she would simply get up, pack her bags and waltz straight out the door saying she had period pains.
i never know where the hell 3 of my roommates are over the weekends, and none of them are part of the story.
i cheated on my grad school girlfriend with my ex.
so am i the asshole for beeing a bit angry?
i certainly overreacted and was ta probably as a product of frustration with him in our overall relationship.
nation stunned as man buys newspaper
an hour goes by, and no sight of him.
aita for not wanting to have girls as friends unless it's something more?
plus her other male friends generally didn't say anything about her because they were all thirsty af (we're nerds in programming.
i'm not a professional dog trainer so all i have are youtube videos and more experienced dog owners to help me.
she has been increasing not willing or wanting to have sex with me on any basis.
i was making a light hearted comment about not seeing the doctor, yes, but was it ill intention or meant to upset or degrade you?
so after she said what she had to say, i went on the defensive side and said “i’m sorry my half hearted joke affected you that much, i didn’t think it would.
i left because i was uncomfortable, she told me to come back any time.
grandma told 'do not resuscitate' means 'low-sodium diet'
she barely cleans the fishtank enough times, let alone something as fragile as a dog in an apartment.
hershey's unveils some new chocolate bullshit for you to cram into your fat maw
i told her ok but i knew something was up.
i [28f] just spent the week with my sister [22f] since we couldn't see each other over the christmas break.
he did not end up coming through on the day in question but we argue about it all the time.
that guy was clueless about the fact that his personal profile got distributed like so.
media organizations make pilgrimage to facebook headquarters to lay content at foot of mark zuckerberg
if it wasn't her, it was obviously me.
at this point i relised somehow my mother had also been turned to this shit, she told me she also stopped using her medications for her illnesses and moved to natural medicine, and told me how great it has been for her.
menu describes diner's pancakes as 'world famous'
i also think hes trying to slowly "annex" me and my people through collaborative projects that would all but enslave us to a larger company who we sell too.
earth passes through temporal vortex hurling planet into year 2019
he turned off the light and i got a deep cut on a rusty nail, had to go to hospital.
i asked her if she was mad and she said yes, because i had been coming at her the whole night and or a lot recently, by making comments about her being sick and used her coughing in her room as the example.
she was the slut that kept changing her crush even though she looked like a pile of trash and thinks she has the right to talk about me like that????
man hates having to wear condoms all day every day
she immediately called, we were both thrilled, then she revealed how proud she was of the $1000 tip she gave whoever gave her the money.
on the day of departure, my local friends recommended i just ride with jane and kevin (the two aforementioned friends of friends) since they were on the way to the airport too.
nancy pelosi planning to reenergize house by injecting self with blood of young representatives
the relationship started out in march and to be honest it was kind of a rebound.
but that doesn’t solve my problem of needing one by tonight.
his age and clothes suggested that of lower economic class with little or no education, or more specifically, no education from the united states.
he could tell i was uncomfortable, and said that he probably wouldn't eat it again and that the yulin dog festival is cruel, but that it's not that big of a deal and it's a cultural difference.
field museum officials announce long-awaited pregnancy of prized t-rex
he promised to take care of me and now he's expecting me to cover costs that he promised to cover.
honestly, i feel that now that i've got someone, he knows he's safe from any attempts of me going after him, so he feels safe to approach me now.
one day, we were facetiming and he just said “oh i have a crush on somebody!” i was confused, because i knew he had a girlfriend.
so i said: "that's why you eat them".
harried woman on train quickly doing plastic surgery on face before work
i still uphold most of the rules, but don't respect them.
concept car designers struggling to think of cool new ways for doors to open
this was a huge shock to him and he didn’t want to end the relationship, since he thought things could get better.
al franken tearfully announces intention to step down from role as harasser of women
pro-life demonstrator clearly using image of subway chicken enchilada melt on anti-abortion poster
we talked to her nan and she thinks we should try and control the situation by not letting then be alone.
i told him i want him to stay in a hotel because i need to process my mom's death alone.
aita for telling a neighbour to f*** off over noise complaints?
he let me know a couple months later that he was in town, and we hooked up a couple times.
hes not gonna tell her i lied (if he did my plan is to say hes still in the closet and that hes lying) because we're bros but he thinks im an asshole.
a couple months ago i stupidly allowed the same girl from earlier back into my life and restarted my affair.
for example, fidget spinners were just introduceted therer last year.
i really just can't believe such a simple request set him off so much.
report: you in the way of billiards game
two of my other colleagues were there comforting her too.
so me and a friend(l) did a 3g trip each.
now, the family members who sided with us are saying i may have taken it too far, and the day i sent that text my aunt cried for a while (uncle who was with her said so.) and now they want me to say sorry for the holidays.
rick perry speech electrifies 1,200 scared, miserable racists
evil hong kong kung-fu legions petition for right to attack two at a time
suffice to say it was completely obvious that this account was his.
me: nah that's okay i really dont want to do much more than that it's kind of scary shit.
physicist brings in particle from home he's been meaning to accelerate
been with fiancé for 5 years.
i told s i wouldn't be happy/it would weird if she dated l and asked she not do so.
but we got into major arguments three times, each one where he seems kinda crazy, the third one ending it.
he tried to insist but i wouldn't back down.
at this point, i have to go and pick my sister up from the airport.
i made eye contact with the bitch i called a friend and laughed in her ugly ass face.
this means using public toilets daily.
so last night me(22m) and my gf(22f) were chatting at night, nothing out of the usual.
school for the blind has huge empty grass field out front
we end the conversation there and the following day i wake up and write up an apology, stating i was selfish, and not thinking about our friendship and just rolling from my break up.
jesus christ pushes past firefighter into burning notre dame to save beloved relic
full-on sex noises, while i’m trying to get work done before christmas.
honestly not bitter my mom doesn't like children and didn't want all of the stress that children cause, i was a young and independent kid that wanted approval from my parents so it makes sense.
&#x200b; tl:dr : jack puked in my house after feeling bad from space muffins, i yelled at him to get out of my house into the cold and couldn't care less how he got a sleeping place / came home.
edit 2: ok, the answer is a resounding yes.
ish children) moved in above me.
i honestly don’t think i should have anticipated such an attachment to a pencil at 12 y/o.
30 min later i'm good enough to drive so i walk back in and he has set up his bed.
i apologize to everybody who feels offended by my wording.
obama narrowly survives carnivorous section of rose garden
like he just sat there and watched the game and didn't interact with me very much at all.
&#x200b; i'm going to stick with my thinking unless someone can adequately address the fact that the situation where i'm undoubtedly not the asshole (i was never at the building, the thief stole their umbrella in the first place) is exactly the same as this situation, but just the fact that i'm involved makes me the asshole.
i am in the most basic choir i class offered, as it sounded like fun.
john f. kennedy makes rare appearance at kennedy center honors
israeli pm debuts new road map for continued strife
i open the presents from my family and it's not there, i then think it must be a gift my mum got for my nanna or grandma to give to me.
victoria and i are on the same page but ella's sister is maid of honour (aka: in charge) and says because she has a kid at home we're staying near home.
one day, my wife left a bowl of hot soup on the counter and our daughter reached up and dunked her entire hand into the soup.
i also said that she had muddied the waters by going over to the charity and made it look as though the chair had been stolen.
fox producers attempt to tire out aggressive candidates before debate by letting them run around outside
so am i the asshole here?
i was shorter than my teammates, so i was defending the shortest player on the other team, which was not pt.
let's say we poo 2 times a day and wee 7 times a day.
saying she just wants to sleep.
bo obama addresses graduates of dayton obedience school
the new teacher has been rather good on this front, as she actually knows how to control a class.
throughout the night however i had placed my hands upon her breasts.
brown workers put company in the black
so she gets dressed and i tell her, "just forget it." i tell her i didn't know chicken would cause so much drama and that i didn't have to have it.
aita for jawing at the kid next door who cries all the time?
this was her way of improving her boyfriends.
i feel a bit manipulative for having done so myself.
i'm not religious, but my girlfriend doesn't see an issue with anything they do.
aita for ignoring my girlfriend for a day?
i say "i'm sorry, i didn't mean that seriously" i finish my set because there is no way to salvage that situation.
i don't want to break up with him because he's my best friend and i don't want to hurt or loose him.
she does this thing where she pretends like one of us wasn’t involved.
aita for trying to moderate subreddits where i am not yet given mod powers?
he accepted and then told me that he was sorry for everything he has done.
new hyundai owner sort of brags about it to co-workers
that is when you are in a really bad slump, just can't hit you way out of a paper bag.
turkish restaurant thrown into complete disarray by entry of single customer
of course i’m upset because this is exactly the opposite of what i wanted to happen.
shes pretty much the exact opposite of my "real" self.
aita for never believing people who say they were sexually assaulted?
ive told her up front "if you want this to work i need to be attracted to you" but her habits never change.
doing that in a pm does not work either, its just really pathetic.
the team asked if i could handle criticism and i said yes, but most of the time i wasn't getting helpful notes about what i could do better - just being told the same unhelpful things over and over.
i am a pretty shitty guy doing this, i know.
when i have asked how much he has saved, he has always hesitated and i don't remember ever getting a straight answer.|7.
great guy, generally speaking, and lives in my neighborhood, so i see his wife and daughter around at local stores or wherever.
my husband actually went to the dump to try to get the doll back, but i guess it was too late.
he found out by going thru my phone.
police officer demonstrates proper technique for subduing grand jury
at one point, he took out a thermos and let her take a sip of something in it.
man has extra spring in his step after getting news that classmate moved home and stopped pursuing her dream
dreary, passionless couple believes your soulmate out there too
its 3 large dogs (shepheard mixes) and 4 small dogs (2 chihuahua mixes, 2 or 3 fluffy thing mixes).
she told me i was shaming her about sex on the mattress, that i was immature and talking about a fake reality about the sex.
after all this, i never walked past that house ever again.
as of february this year she’s been moved into a home due to the fact that she can’t care for herself.
sensory homunculus diagram so fucking hot
she was wearing jeans, a couple of layers of clothing, and a hoodie.
wibta if i suggested an acne medication to an acquaintance so another soprano in my choir has really bad acne.
he then got really mad and kept calling me homophobic.
more vegetables evolving chocolate-sauce-filled centers as evolutionary imperative
americans outraged amazon's punishing work culture has yet to yield same-day shipping for all products
i thought it was the end of it, but this morning she came up to me and said that i shouldn’t have yelled, and that i shouldn’t ground her since she rarely goes out anyway, and that since she has taken on more responsibility since her mother died, that she is essentially not a child anymore and shouldn’t be treated as one.
there is a ton of backstory to understand how the dynamics of the class are set up and to understand where i fit in into all of it.
so i asked bella if she could collect the gym card from my ex.
all decisions have consequences, that's why i decided to not go to college.
i obviously got mad as no credit was given.
new office manager provides terrifying glimpse into plans for regime by placing new collection of teas in drawer
hence the name girl scouts and boy scouts.
i’m gonna be honest and say that i have little to no idea what trans people go through, looking to be accepted or just talked to like a regular person.
if i have something to show he, i'll often say, "get over here bitch" or if we're watching a movie and she keeps talking i'll say "shut the fuck up i'm trying to pay attention".
nxivm leader struggling to recall exact moment sexual slavery, forced branding turned into something darker
&#x200b; the day comes for me to ask k to the dance, and we sit next to each other (i did not plan on asking her now) in assembly.
i thought being proactive was the best way to go because i didn’t want b to suffer in silence.
kennel certificate proves who puppy daddy is
nation admits they only care about freedom of speech for imparting information about 'star wars' shit
aita for not accepting the "friend zone" and lashing out after coming to my senses and realizing i've been an ass to myself for letting myself be lead on?
to me there are some girls who are legitimate love interests and there are girls who help pass the time.
its starting to get colder outside so the university has cranked up the heat (thankfully) but, because of this- many of the buildings smell rather badly.
third knocked-over glass of water makes man want to give up
so i asked her, like every 4 - 6 months for a period of 2 years.
i also just want to say that you can't come at me like that when the relationship isn't repaired.
study: 30% of people who quit smoking relapse after shakily raising cigarette up to lips when agreeing to turn state's evidence
new climate change study just 400 pages of scientists telling americans to read previous climate change studies
hampton inn concierge has long working relationship with chili's hostess
we ended up having sex, except i didn’t pull out in time and ejaculated inside her.
condom indicted on 400 million counts of spermicide
in reply we were pretty firm that we didn't think it was an unreasonable request and that he should have said if he was unhappy so we could work something out that didn't inconvenience him.
i get takeout a few times each wk from a cpl local restaurants i've frequented for years and never tip.
i tried talking with him and asking him if something is wrong, he said no.
he said he felt really nervous being back in school and relied on me for support, and i gave it to him to the best of my ability.
nation allows itself 5 minutes to believe this all going to be over soon
when we got out of the car, the other guy was an older man who was clearly agitated but as god as my witness i did not hear him say anything rude, let alone derogatory towards my girlfriend's race.
the titular event: it's 8:20pm and my 2 year old is in bed.
obama signs conservation act to preserve nation's last remaining area of common ground
god loses tip of finger in black hole accident
these boys spend all of their free time playing video games.
sports banquet ends in trophy fight
honestly sounds like just a spoiled, soft kid whining about something rather than a newborn crying because it's hungry or something.
federal government adds 600,000 acres to national forbidden zone
after a while, s found out and i felt really bad.
although i still talk to her, i am not putting in as much effort as before.
my character died in a dumb way and i said "oh my god that's so retarded!" all of a sudden i hear footsteps come towards me and this girl is in my face screaming at me to apologize and how "offensive" my language was and that i was a jerk and a bunch on other stuff.
i have just opened up to him explaining it hurts me and he just confirms what he said?
unemployed man photoshops self into former company's staff photo
'god fucking dammit, you're a stupid fucking moron,' whispers woman who realizes she missed ice dancing
edit - maybe it is a cultural thing.
i say what he told me to say and that’s about the story up until now.
i'll tip a little of it into the garbage when this happens.
when i confronted him, he told me he had severe depression and was thinking about hurting himself.
and he told me when he left to go out of town for the holidays “you’re going to text me back, right?”
when i found out she talked to her friends about this i blew up, and started telling her that she shouldve respected my decision, and that if she's gonna go behind my back like that, talking shit about me, i have no reason to stay with her, especially since she has pushed me about the communication thing for years now.
she had said it was fine and nothing more.
so i went to hang out with a mutual friend of ours instead, who brought up the friend i've been seeing.
out-of-control scott walker injured after wildly careening between stances on immigration
