Target is one of my favorite stores -- I just love wandering around late at night when the store is quiet -- it's just so therapeutic!
I just wish instead of having to trek half a mile to get from one concourse to another that they'd add the train like in Atlanta because on my way back through I had maybe 10 minutes before my flight boarded and I had to go from B to E!
Location sober and was pretty impressed with the quality of pie and quality of service.
The delivery guy knew my name and was always friendly with me.
The service is great and the food, unbelievable.
i enjoy the food from Mama's it is my go to place for a good meal and wonderful service.
Each bite is different - sometimes sweet, sometimes a little saltier, fruitier, other times crunchier.
The fish comes with your choice of - baked potato, waffle fries, pub fries, homemade potato chips, and some other things like cottage cheese etc.
And everything is very smokey flavored, which, for me, is a very good thing.
If you know of better cinnamon rolls in Charlotte, let me know.
My partner & I had a truly \""spiritual\"" food experience here.
Great work ethic, quality people, honest pricing and great customer service!
We then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress.
The instructors are almost all young ladies who stay in the water with your child, taking through their paces.\n\nA very sweet bunch, all neatly groomed and personable.
The seared tuna, made medium-rare, was warm and crunchy on the outside due to the sesame encrusted skin but still retained a nice, raw non-fishy tuna taste on the inside.
The waitress Lauren was more than happy to chat for a couple of minutes while I waited.
My husband loves their chili and I believe all their soups are made from scratch and I've always been pleased....
The owners/staff are really very nice too and they serve you fresh naan to order.
They also have an extensive wine list, and a nice bar area.
I understand that my dog is sort of a worse-case-senerio of adopting a pre-owned dog; however, this shelter will make sure you are happy with your adoption and literally will do everything in their power to ensure both you and the adopted animal are ok.
So, it was flounder, nicely grilled sitting on top of a black truffle risotto.
Afterwards I was impressed and absolutely full, but I wouldn't give it the BBQ crown.\n\nI think most of the value here comes from its uniqueness.
I like the rockers they have so you can se the goings on outside.
I could also buy two packs of hot dogs and probably buns from a cheap place for $6.50, so it's not the cheapest.\n- The hot dog buns are good and have some green or black seeds on it.
Nice surprise.\n\nExpecting bar food when looking for a quick dinner while in town on business from Florida, we were presently surprised by the variety and quality at a reasonable price.
I have gotten two that I really liked\n\nThey also have a three course fixed price option last I went that was a great value.
Little did I see/know as I finished shoveling the noodles/veggies that the rice had their own separate bowl and did not need a place on my plate...ha...oh well, there was room if needed now!
The whirlpool and bathroom mirror tv are terrific touches.
It's amazing how a remodel can make an establishment a much better place to shop.\n\nStill putting on a few finishing touches here and there, but I might actually stop in more frequently to pick up something quick to eat at the ready made counters.
We were a very large party.
A half-pound of quality beef, crisp bacon, bleu cheese, grilled mushrooms and onions, all served on a fresh-baked bun....well worth $9.50 and the month that mother probably took off my life.
Luckily, the ice cream was superb.
But the staff is very friendly and the mood very relaxed.
This place serves excellent Low Country/Country Cooking dishes at reasonable prices - at least the prices are reasonable at lunch, $7 - $9 for a entree which comes with 2 sides and corn bread.\n\nThe Fried Chicken is excellent, The Ribs are as well, and I love the Salmon Cakes.
I never really needed anything so I didn't suffer, but I can't give 5 stars because of that.
Great food, great people, quick to order and lots of fun.
We were super hungry, so we literally stepped into the first place that served food once we got out of the car.
Maharani is one of our best Indian food places for me and my wife.
The buffet is also very clean and even though I showed up within an hour of closing, they were still bringing out fresh entrees.
Salon Cercone is a true Shadyside gem.
The covered outdoor seating area is convenient if you happen to be a smoker or have smokers in your party.
It is at its heart a creperie, and its crepes do not disappoint.
Very family friendly, although I don't have small children anymore.
The service has always been friendly, and it never seems to get as loud in here as it gets in some other places (Shady Grove, I'm looking at you).\n\nI know it might sound strange, but one of the things that I appreciate the most about Cappy's is that it treats its waitresses as waitresses, not as sex symbols.
They've got cheap beers and a really laid back and relaxing atmosphere, which I love.
I think triangle hoagies are great for parties and tailgates.
\n\nNow that I'm back working in town again, I was ecstatic that I can get a fresh cup of fabulous flavored coffee every morning as I walk to work through Market Square.\n\nIf you are a high maintenance coffee person, this is the place for you!
What a deal!\n\nParking is tough at lunch time, but luckily they have a few reserved spots for the store customers.
Nakato is a pretty standard looking Japanese hibachi grill but also expect super high ceilings in the foyer/bar area and expansive rooms with the traditional grills.
Good soups in winter, including a deceptively good beer cheese soup.
This feels like one of those places that are tucked away and is somewhat of an adventure for you to find.
Highway access is convenient and it is close enough to bars and restaurants.\n\nThe gym is adequate and the equipment is better than most hotels, including tv screen so bring ear plugs if you want to listen.
What's great about MCN is that the stylists make sure to talk to you in depth about your cut before picking up the scissors, and are great about pausing at certain points in the cut to make sure that you're happy with the way it's going.
Just finished a dinner of pierogies that our Pgh family brought to WV - always look forward to Pierogies Plus - try the apricot for a sweet treet!
That not being a problem we were promptly seated.
If you're a seasoned traveler, I recommend checkpoint A.
The best part of the whole place is the skillet cookie-I highly suggest ordering this while dining here!
(You can request white rice also!) Not too saucy and everything was great the next day.
I orignally was going to request a meat but this meal needed none of that nonsense.\n\nThey have a lunchtime buffet that looked good but I wanted to try something made fresh for my first stop.\n\nOverall - I like this place\n\nService - Great - super friendly\nFood - Very good - The Gnocch and their other homade pastas deserve a try\nPrice - My meal (dinner menu) was $17.\n\nCheck this place out - it will definitely take you back to the 70's :-)
One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs.
\n\nDessert was quite sterling - the strawberry panna cotta was perfectly prepared, although a bit much with the cookies.
It's made from Dean's Beans, decent fair-trade coffee and brewed to a consistent perfection.
Try the steaks they are very good for the price.
I would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the tables.
I really want to try something from their juice bar too!!
I was equally impressed with the size of the scallops.
It's fun just to stroll thru and look (and listen) to all the options bubbling thru all makes of vessels and sculptures.
The ravioli is cheese filled and the meat sauce is a lovely combo of meat and chunky tomatoes.
The potato salad is also delicious!
My friend was in town visiting and we were just driving around the city late at night chatting and when we drove by and saw the bright neon open sign we both looked at each other and just knew we should stop.
I usually get the fried chicken tenders but opted for the barbecue ribs last time I was here, and was not disappointed.
The rooms have very comfortable beds and are spacious.
I called up and making a reservation was a snap, no problem.
Cash prices are better than credit prices.\nThis giant fun store for grown ups is divided into liquor side and beer & wine side.
\n\nSometimes I was seated across from complete strangers, but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable at all; everyone is so happy to be here.
\n\nAnd everyone else at the store is so helpful and nice, too!
I assumed it was a dry socket issue, but my dentist discovered that I had an infection and significant bone loss in the molar adjacent to the site of the wisdom tooth removal.
The food and service attitude is pretty good for the price you pay.\nThey also got all kinds of beverages to go with your meal.
95% of the time, the food is amazing but, when they mess up, they move heaven and earth to make it better.
This place has the best beef lo mien I have tasted in Pittsburgh.
We also love love love the frico and burrata appetizers.
But we had a great 'lil Saturday lunch here at Atria's after walking our new puppy around the North Shore.
Small place with an expanded dining room in back, and sometimes gets rather busy, but some of the best Mexican in Champaign.
I would go back for a special occasion but probably not anytime soon.
This is where we go and the people that work here are friendly, service is quick, and it's never really busy.
I haven't had any bad experiences, but this mounds is clearly where LaFollette and Monona Grove kids go to work part time after school.
I have to say from the view and just listening to the people that work at FU's my experience was definitely enjoyable.
Fantastic food.\n This place is mainly a \""bar\"" and does get crowded but I really like the pizza here.
The other food is good too, so don't overlook it.
Anything you could ever desire in film is available in this store!
The food here was absolute perfection; each bite was perfectly orchestrated to deliver optimal flavor and enjoyment.
A great place all around whether you are looking to donate or buy something.
We finished with the chocolate cake, which is amazing.
\n\nThe food took a little on the long side to come out, but it was well worth the wait.
They had a great selection of reasonably-priced Carhart gear in the center of the store that I was eyeing for Christmas gifts, and I also saw an aisle full of ceramic teapots that I reluctantly avoided to prevent unnecesary spending.
(two favorites: Poco Dolce from San Francisco and Eclipse from San Diego)\n\nc.
Sicilian themed with fresh ingredients in an intimate setting all prepared in an open kitchen.\n\nAsk before you order a special, or you might be stunned when you are handed the check.
The fries came out piping hot, and the server was really friendly.
Best Italian hoagie anywhere in the known universe.
I've always liked PF Chang's and, generally speaking, this location is pretty good.
As far as the authenticity of the food by far the best anywhere in Champaign/Urbana, wife and I ordered baby squid in basil sauce and the peking pork, the squid was cooked perfectly and spiced perfectly.
Whichever comes first.\n\nIf you really love coffee, come here.
Absolutely love this place, perfect for Dinner and a Movie.
My veggies were freshly steamed and looked like veggies, not a mush of frozen overcooked goop.
I really appreciate their demeanor and customer service they provided to me.
The Tom Kha soup is as awesome as can be and our entrees were perfectly delicious.
Pretty good deal for around $6.\n\nIf you are in the area I recommend the Nitty Gritty.
It's a perfect fit for him as a stylist and me as a client.\nEddy is a true artist in his craft.
It's the best fast food joint besides In and Out, however, I think that if there was a Bojangles in Cali, I'd be alllllllllll over it.
The bar can get quite noisy in the evenings, but it adds to the great atmosphere at Rocky's
\nQuite an interesting place but worth the visit in a little town.
The kids got chicken strips and fries, which were just what you would expect, but the portions were huge.
Cain's is a well-priced smoke free 1/2 bar 1/2 sports restaurant hybrid.
I didn't care for the collard greens but overall we all enjoyed our meal and service.
I have visited this bar several times and must say I'm a big fan of this bar.
I'm saying this is as good as it gets.
Cherry peppers gave it a nice zing.\n\nSalads that came with the entrees were fresh and big.
Our service was good and they accommodated our 1 year old nicely.
I always enjoyed it, with or without my nieces, and the movies in the dome theater are cool - especially since they changed it to show full lenght movies like Spiderman and The Dark Knight.
The most fan and kid friendly stadium as well as the safest.
There were 6 veg options, 4 meats (biryanis and curries), nan, poori and bhajis, kheer and pleasantly hot gulab jamun, average (free, unlimited) lassi, some good chai, and decent chutneys and lemon pickles.\n\nMeals ends with mukhwa, but the candy and plain fennel seeds are kept in seperate bowls.
TRY IT YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!!!
\n\nThe entrees at Cajun Queen are around the $20 range which makes it really easy to blow your Groupon for a date night.
Save your money and park at the city garage right down the street which is about $5 or so per day.
\n\nService is always great whether there are two or 10 of us.
The best part by far is the dessert section which included about 10 additional items.
The Benedum is a fantastic facility for the arts and a true asset to the Pittsburgh region.
They had plenty of conveniently located bathrooms and there were attendants in every bathroom I went into making sure everything was tidy.
Like other reviewers have said, this place is very basic but the service is fast and friendly and the food was amazing.
A place with this diverse a beer selection could rest on its laurels, but the Saucer follows through with an excellent staff.
The sauce was really spicy and flavorful that I couldn't waste it so I asked for more bread and took care of that.
DON'T JUDGE A BOOK BY IT'S COVER.\n\nA hidden gem, this place is phenomenal - best Thai food I've ever had.
My drink came in a can, however it was accompanied with a frosted-mug and fresh lime.
When it comes to checking in to a hotel, I'm all about fast efficient service.
It's good.\""\n\nThose are pretty much what my bf and I said to each other during our Valentine's day dinner.
I know a good one when I taste it, but can never seem to remember the names and years.
\n\nThe key lime pie is delicious and the legendary hot chocolate cake melts in your mouth but the souffl\u00e9 for two is always a winner.
They're always eager to help find the perfect gift for someone (or myself usually) and direct me to the right item.
Their sausages are quite good and their special flavors (applewursts you should try for sure!) change but they still have the classic bratwursts and mild and spicy italian sausage.
Who doesn't like Frugal MacDoogal??!!\nI'm sure everyone has mentioned it already: BRING CASH.
It pisses the bar crowd off temporarily but so worth it!
It is a little more expensive than what you would find outside of Champaign, but that doesn't stop me from frequenting this place.
Wouldn't stay in that motel again but will eat at Miguel's again for sure!
The vegetables are fresh; the pasta was just right and sauced/souped enough to my liking.
I love the cooked-to-order omelette station as well as the selection of traditional breakfast foods and traditional German foods.
The breakfast special here should be enough for most people.
While the pumpkin was incredible, I think I slightly more enjoyed the banana chocolate chip just because the combo is such a winning one!
However, Bombay definitely hits the spot.
Prices paid on trades are fair as are the prices for the guitars and amps.
(Expect at least a 30 minute wait during dinner hours) but after we finally got seated, our service and food was always surprisingly good.
I am now a big fan.
\n\nIf your looking for a fun hangout spot for you and your buddies or even a tasty treat for the kids then D'z is where it's at!!!
Not mushy, but soft and the texture combined with the large chunks of fresh mozzarella was wonderful.
As a Panther's fan, and a neighbor of the stadium, I'm probably a little biased here, but I like this stadium a lot.
Great breakfast items (French toast,omelettes, scramblers, pancakes) available around the clock, lots of comfort food veg and non-veg dishes (\""meatloaf of the gods\"" enchiladas, chili, etc.).
My wife usually has 2-3 meals from it.\n\nAny other fajita - all of them are great, but now add in the fresh tortilla experience and they are no longer \""just a fajita\"".\n\nTacos al Carbon - a great hot sauce and the onion/cilantro combination make these tacos jump\n\nEnchilada Suizas - when you're in the mood for enchiladas done differently with a tomatillo sauce and queso!\n\nAnd, getting back to the live band, they had the volume of the band set perfectly.
That said, why not have two and really kick up your heels?\n\nStarters: I realize that shrimp cocktail might be considered a boring choice, but with jumbo shrimp and cocktail sauce with a kick, you'll be happy you choose this route.
Tough to get in, reservations are a must but always delicious.
While I have been to more informative tours and more impressive stadiums, I had a very good time.
Better than good - hot, made to order, and fresh.
We both had to take most of our entrees home with us which was unfortunate because they were so awesome.
I am in total adoration of this place.
If I return, I will definitely get another one of these.
You can certainly find these things online but I think it is fun to go in and find Day of the Dead candles and authentic pinata's for a mexican themed party and also walk out with all of the food to serve as well.
Friendly, efficient, and willing to go the extra mile to accommodate personal needs in my case.
Undergoing Parking Garage expansion and new road directions when completed it will be easy to navigate.
\n\nThe cashiers here are so fantastic.
Pick up a nice loaf of crusty, fire baked carb-luvin heaven and giggle as you walk away.
I highly recommend this shop for repairs, maintenance, and check ups.
\n\nOne of my cats is extremely nervous in public situations, but always calms around the Dr.
The menu was as good as it gets.
They have happy hour specials and the bar is always filled with a great crowd!\n\nSoba is affiliated with the Big Burrito chain, along with Eleven, Kaya, Casbah and Umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!
I can's say enough about the sales, the services, the attitude of each person there, they made me me feel very important.
I always looked for thrift stores like this in LA and SF but....hell no.
Here is my reasoning.\n\nAndy is not just a funny guy, but is very generous.
I would definitely stay here again next time I'm in Charlotte.
As our summer Saturday dining trek continues this is the epitome of what we want.
And I'd be a happy man.
Sushi a la Andy the Sushi Guy at Wholey's~~It's what's for dinner!\nIf Andy didn't cut the roll, it would take two hands to pick it up and eat it like a ginormous fat burrito, kinda like you'd get in one of them hole in the wall Tex-Mex joints down close to the border (the US Border, that is).
\""Good man,\"" I said with an acknowledging nod.
I would highly recommend to others and would order it again myself.
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison - and I think it is the best one in town.\n\nHere's what I like:\n\nThe House Guacamole - Heaven!
slow down people).\n\nHaving just gone to New Orleans a few months ago, I'm glad that Charlotte has a place to get this type of food, although it's still not perfectly on point.\n\nLive Jazz never hurts (but if you sit downstairs you won't be able to see it and probably can't hear it too well either).
Good Chinese at an affordable price.
\n- Tomato soup: delightfully fresh, highlighting natural tomato sweetness, topped with chiffonades of basil, and for a southern twist fried mozzarella balls.
Clean, Tidy, and promp with service and hospitality.
I must say that the \""Naughty Crepes\"" are by far my favorite breakfast I have ever had.
The truth hurts and so everything from slavery and the life of the poor farmer to the whole lynching dedicated exhibit is incredibly intense and gripping.\n\nA great inspiration.
I was staying at the Wingate Hotel nearby on a layover and these guys really made my night by delivering a tasty dinner with a smile.
Don't worry if your kid spills fried rice all over the floor.
I expressed my discontent this morning and manager gave me the possibility if late check out, which was nice considering my flight is schedule to depart at 6 pm.
The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but it still had great flavor.
Nice space between tables, a variety of seating options, lovely.
The chicken was nicely cooked (not dry).
Just about those alone gave this a huge rating for me.
\n\nBreakfast, lunch, happy hour or dinner....it always fills the bill.
Lori said she has been doing this for 20 plus years wow.
This place is my second home during football season.\n\nI've sat pretty much everywhere in this place.
This is why I was so happy to find Reyna.
But the experience I had was very pleasant and the prices were fair for the quality of food I was buying (dare I say, I thought prices should be higher).\n\nAs for the atmosphere, I don't think I've gone to a store in a long time that played classical music.
It's also probably one of the more easy and humane ways to keep ties on your dog or cat just in case they were to run off one night.\n\nOnce we were registered, we waited at most for 15 minutes.
Giant quantities for prices a bit on the high side, but not too bad considering how much you get.
\nThe appetizers are also quite good, very nice flavors.
Therefore, consequently, as a result, in sum, I don't have a crystal clear memory of what I had for appetizer, entree, dessert, etc.
I can't get excited enough to call it the best Chinese in Charlotte, but the food is consistently good.
Everything is always fresh and the dough and icing or other toppings always taste really good, rather than too strong or too \""meh,\"" which is a common problem with other bakeries.
A self-professes connoisseur of apple fritters, he readily agreed that the fritters at Mt.
I'd heard a lot of good things about this place so when I had the opportunity to plan an event for a group of my girlfriends Mama Ricotta's immediately came to mind!\n\nI'm happy to report that this place didn't disappoint!
It stands a fine line between the \""vintage\"" feel and just plain old.
It was nice and toasty, melty, and delicious.
Plus their beer cave is great with hundreds of different bottles to choose from all listed by the region from which they came.
I'm not sure who does the roasting or where they buy their beans but it is easily better than Caribou and Starbucks.\nI have only had two of the pastry offerings and they were also worth the money as a breakfast.
There is nothing really to complain about here.
DELICIOUS!!!\nAND he prepared it himself!\nI definitely, highly, recommend dining here when in the Pittsburgh/Greentree area.\nThe reason for 4 starts not 5, the wine choices are lacking but the Red Rock Malbec was nice with the meal.
I wish they wouldn't use such huge paper towels in the bathroom, but other than that I really like this place.
Nice to have a large group and sit down and shout out conversations.
Best Thai food in town, for sure.
At least for a first time to David's Jamaican.\n\nI was absolutely thrilled with everything that I tried.
Also the french toast is dipped in pancake batter and is really delicious!!!!
One of my favorite places to spend a break, whether it's between classes or during work.\n\nIt doesn't offer enough food on the level of their gyros to warrant a five-star rating, but it deserves a strong four.
They have very fresh ingredients to top your burritos and salads.
I love love love their Hawaiian pizza.
As long as that dish stays good, I will always come back.
We also had the sag paneer and a number of other dishes I can't even remember.
The grounds are really beautiful and after your house tour you can walk around and see the animals and smaller houses on the plantation.
Keep up the great work Caribou.
Also, there is a Whole Foods opening up right next door later in the summer!\nThe hotel was beautiful, well equipped, quiet, and a great value!
The menu has a great selection, even for my pescatarian diet.
Making a left out of the parking lot is pretty difficult.
Only the goat cheese-stuffed ravioli was better than average, but just marginally.
Servers are super fast and friendly!
Stacey, the property manager, has been very responsive any email I send her and goes out of her way to make tenants' lives easier.
The clam chowder was sinfully delicious, with a heavy cream base and tons of flavor.
They have a nice cook-to-order breakfast option for $10.95, and a decent drink/good menu for dinner.
Contains some sort of protein as well.
If you bring a date here, they wont be impressed but they will be relaxed, have a great dinner, and you're not going to go broke.\n\nI highly recommend this place and I wish more people knew about it.
\nSadly the decor to me says something more like Fullerton and Clark.
The kind gentleman who works in the kitchen/tends to the breakfast buffet even went in the back and found us some water crackers for the Brie, upon request.
Love this place and highly recommend it.
\n\nDad's pasta trio came with a dessert, so he got the Crostata di Pere, a sugary pear maple dessert which I think was good, but I don't have really strong memories of it so clearly it didn't bowl me over.\n\nAll in all, it was a very good meal with some truly excellent service.
We were greeted by our server, and I ordered a water with one of their \""special, owner loves this drink\"" my friend ordered another specialty drink.
Generally, it's spacious, modern, clean, and easy to navigate.
So just forget it, and enjoy.\n\nStandouts for me include the calamari, served with peppers which are not too hot but add a perfect tang to the rich savoriness of the batter than surrounds the actual rings and other bits of delicious seafood.
They have a nice selection of bulk/house blend pipe tobaccos and a respectable offering of tinned pipe tobaccos.
Pizza can be good or bad, but no pizza is going to be perfect for everyone.
I nominate Lot 17 for Best Bar Food in Bloomfield!!
Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape, I never would've expected this colorful, creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.\n\nMy dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a \""shampoo\"", a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda.
Supermarket meat needs to be cooked well done because the supermarket butcher probably rarely washes his hands.\n\nI've tried the sliced filet mignon, the filet \""cooked to order\"", the lobster bisque, and the crab cocktail at Capital.
\n\nThe staff is very friendly and they remembered us from the first time we were there.
\n\nThey even gave us a picnic basket of goodies when we left the venue - wine, cheese, cheesecake, crackers and more - some nice yummy midnight snacks!\n\nEveryone we worked with, dealt with and interacted with at every level was a pleasure to deal with.
\n\nRight, so I hate flying, But I do love a good airport.
The employees are the friendliest and most helpful people ever.
I always assumed that that was their first bar, and just walked by the place maybe a hundred times, until walking in and noticing that everyone was drinking in a different bar.\n\nIn other words, this place is *huge* inside.
This summer, I was walking and a staff came about and asked if I wanted a ride since I looked tired so he called for a ride for me on the transport, which was great.
Absolutely, the best gyro that I have ever eaten, and I have eaten a lot of them over the years.
I highly recommend this authentic deli.
It's been about five years since I stayed at the Westin, and what I remember -- other than that the words of Annie Dillard were scrolling on the roof all night -- is that when I asked at the front desk for help finding a souvenir, Monica went to a flabbergasting amount of trouble (on her own personal time!) to hook me up.\n\nSo it's like this.
I never write reviews, but I have to recommend the Renaissance!
The service is pretty good and took my order quickly as well as serve it promptly.
It is really important for me to connect with my tattoo artist, and I didn't feel that when I got my first tattoo at a different shop.
Everything else was pretty good, but a butternut squash ravioli made the meal.
Other then that I defiantly recommend a stay here.
The atmoshpere is a little off, but a great surpise for Friday fish.
I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days.
Food was excellent and I loved the feel of the place
If you're proud of being a Pittsburgher, you should be buying as much as you can from a _Pittsburgh_ store!
\n\nOn our second visit I got the all-you-can-eat popcorn shrimp, the Saturday night special.
The view of the city was amazing from the room.
The veggies are not generally very fresh looking and they continue to keep their potatoes too close to their onions which leads to the onions rotting very quickly.\n\nTHe produce notwithstanding, I'm lucky to have a neighborhood market like the Jenny.
Lot 17 is a great little neighborhood bar in Bloomfield.
\n\nThe front desk person was sweet and friendly.
My favorite flavor of coffee is coconut cream.
\nI would most definitely come back again and if I lived in the area, this would be one of my top spots.
I definitely will be back for the huge variety of pickles they sell in their barrels!
She was both nervous and excited, but she did a great job.
I count Intelligentsia and Blue Bottle Coffee as some of my favorite places, so I mean it when I say the coffee here is wonderful.
It is a bit higher price point, but it is such a great space it is worth it.
is the referral of my friends, familes and co-workers.
Very good, large portions, had leftovers for dinner.
The Barbera d' Asti they have by the glass is excellent!
Some old candy rests within the glass case that hasn't been touched for year and a cool old cash register rest atop.
Well, you also get the leftover martini mix poured into a small glass container.
I'm ok with that most times, but the wait staff of the night obviously put some effort into looking crisp, and it added to the high class feel of the place.
Be sure to visit this place at least once.
I have always had very friendly and helpful customer service.
It happened to be the same very Sunday the Pens were playing the Flyers in game 7, so all the waitresses were wearing Pens paraphernalia, which definitely added to the experience.
For Chinese food this place is inexpensive and well done.
You get your meal like always and they give you a cake (that is so sweet, your teeth will rot with 1 bite), they sing to you in Japanese, and you get your picture taken and it is framed (a paper frame, but hey it's still cool lookin).\n\nI can keep going on and on about how great this place is.
One of my favorite things to do is to order a dinner crepe, then split one of the fruit crepes as a dessert.
It was a good lunch with beautiful weather, so I'd go back.
Alex Myrick (the owner) actually got up and sang with the band and played harmonica.
I believe it is the best lunch spot in the strip if not Pittsburgh.
It's clean & the food selection is top notch.
My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight and it was amazing!
The brisket was very good, but the sweet potato tater tots were even better.
That isn't to say that the entrees aren't also amazing, but this will help you have an idea of what you like best here and pick entrees that suit your tastes.
Good food, reasonable price for the lunch buffet and very attentive service.
I think only wonderful items could possibly come out of that kitchen!
Visit this location several times before.\nFood was fresh, prepared quickly.
Shane, the manager, has been very patient and friendly.
But, one thing I definitely appreciate about the bar is the bar menu.
Oh yes I was in carb coma, but it was so enjoyable.
They also filed everything with my insurance company, which is great.\n\nI also love that they call and email to remind of upcoming appointments.
Beautiful view from the room and the BATHROOM !!!!\nStaff was very helpful, Rooms clean - Embers restaurant food good but limited menu.
The rest of the hotel is basic and room service did an adequate job.
They have drink specials that definitely should be taken advantage of and even if your favorite drink isn't on special, you should still try them out.
\n\nThis place is definitely worth a visit or two, as the atmosphere was great for the game.
But the crust , sauce and rest of toppings on the Sicilian pizza were delicious.
The spicy buttery sauce on top that steak OMG!
You can find some really great deals here.
I'm not one for beer, but i have to give the Flying Saucer an awesome score.
The rice was done perfectly and the sauces complimented the rolls nicely.
That said, the specials on Tuesday and Wednesday offer a pretty good value ($5 for 1/2 lb burger + fries).\n\nWhat could really improve this place is better music.
I came here for dinner with some friends the other night and it was pretty fun.
It's not like BevMo so don't expect to save a lot on a six pack but if you're interested in sampling and trying out different craft or imported beer it's the place.
I particularly recommend the Arugula salad, salmon and dill appetizer, and the scallop and grits entree, though you really can't go wrong.
\nThe food is very good an I've tried a variety of things without being disappointed.
I have a gluten allergy, and they have a good gluten free menu.
Get classy on those fries and use the fry tongs that they give you.
Carmon's is the restaurant gem hidden away in Champaign.
Haven't been there when it's busy so service was always top notch.
I can always appreciate a restaurant that has local and organic ingredients.
I highly recommend checking out this bakery.
Since the Great Wall doesn't typically do a buffet, but instead puts a variety of their typical dishes out on a jury-rigged affair, it's like getting a family-style selection of meals, rather than your normal Chinese buffet.\n\nWhile you don't have the selection of some buffets, where you'll have three, four or even five buffet lines to choose from, the food is overall much fresher, and the experience much better.
Good was excellent, especially since I thought it would be a mediocre \""hotel lunch\"" at best.
On my first visit, there was a Spanish jazz band which was a first for my ears and my ears greatly appreciated the sound.
Yes, this spa is probably pricey compared to other places, but it's in a nice hotel with a certain type of clientele I'm sure.
Ordered several different sushi rolls and was not disappointed....fresh and presentation was good.
My waitress Hanna seemed genuinely excited that this was my first time there and recommended several dishes, all of which didn't disappoint.
Any place that puts Yuengling on special on Saturday night is going to get a second look from me.
Among them, an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon, mango & lime, white choc & mint, etc.), an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade, lavender lemonade), and some excellent-sounding tea combinations.
If you like cheap, divey bars you need to get yourself to Teabags.
\n\nWith busted tire in one hand, I pushed the door open and was greeted with - well, I'm not really sure how to describe it.
Really good, and worth the $7 price tag.
I was in Columbia and I stopped in that Lexus dealership for a car wash and not once did anyone asked did I purchase the car there, it's a Lexus and it was washed and delivered back to me clean as a pin.
This is just so perfectly done.
I can't wait to come back to IL to get another bowl of this soup, its my comfort food when I am on the road for recruiting.
Spicy Tuna was delicious, there was no spicy mayo, but it didn't even need it.
It was quick and easy, the doctor was knowledgable, and they didn't try to upsell me on anything like I've seen at some other eye doctors.\n\nWill be going back next year.
Nailed my order (special requests to boot).
I agree with Garrett G that the chocolate coffee beans are indeed delicious and sickening.
Well to my pleasant surprise there was no wait, walked right in, greeted, an usher showed us to our seats and we waited less than 5 minutes to be asked for our order.
Great for dates as well as meals with friends and parties.
All in all, a good experience and I am looking forward to trying some of the other items on the menu.
Even without the coupon the Gusto lunch menu is a great deal!\n\nThird time I went for brunch with another girlfriend (Dec 2014)\n.
Perfect balance of spice, freshness, and a bit of sweetness.\n\nA good place for lunch - good atmosphere and incredibly crowded for how big the space is.
Loved the thick lo mein noodles.
Warm plates of comforts foods, friendly service, tons of regulars, and the same decor for the past 20 years, most likely.
Alla Famiglia is the best restaurant I have been to in the Burgh.
It comes with smoked gouda, fried egg (cooked perfectly), and with the crunchiest, most delicious fries I have ever eaten.
Oh yes.\n\nService has always been very efficient and polite, no complaints or rude servers.
happy guy with outgoing personality ..
Most of the food was great.
He had a lot of fun with that.
He even went above & beyond recommended an excellent wine pairing to the dish.
Fantastic service by the wait staff and entertaining performance by the chef.
\n\nI would recommend eating here if you like good home-cooked food.
Definitely recommended if this is what you're looking for.
The server was amazing and replaced the lobster tail even though I had eaten most of it.
I would make a special trip just to purchase from this shop again.
Hit lunch rush @ 12:30...line was easily 25+ deep.
I've had friends and family stay here when visiting us in Charlotte because it's clean, safe and a good value.
\n\nTip: If you're a beginner without your own equipment, the shoe rental is worth the extra 3 or 4 bucks.
The Tandoori chicken which is bright red, isn't spicy at all but the curries all have varying degrees of hotness.
I asked Monica, who was working at the front desk, if she could help me figure out where to buy one.
New life goal: eat at every Pamela's in Pittsburgh.\n\nJustifiably famous for their hotcakes, Pamela's is probably one of the best diners ever.
Great job with the remodel, and the outdoor patio is very nice as they put up a high enough fence to block the street and make it private, but it is lareg enough to be fun.\n Excellent liquor and beer selections at reasonable prices.
\n\nI still left with the impression that the serving sizes were small in comparison to most other places, but we were satisfied and happy.
It's so close to Chicago so I can't see why that would be a difficult task to accomplish.
Becomes increasingly less acceptable during weekends to the point where it actually is unsanitary and you can't hear anyone talking over the noise.
As you've read it can be overwhelming to navigate the tight aisles with a large cart and huge crowds.
\n\nGreat view of the lake, easy to get to and walk around the shops and restaurants.
Check in specials on yelp as well as foursquare!
The sub bread is so good and the crinkle fries are awesome too.
Oh, and a napkin (and to be totally honest, bread and a glass, complete with water).\n\nHowever, since the star of the show here is steak, it's almost sacrilege to choose anything else.
And as parents know, if your children are happy, you are happy.
Nice and crunhcy, light and flaky, and also has the moistness of a biscuit.......if that makes any sense.
Give me burgers or give me death!\n\nI think I got that quote right, didn't I?\n\nAs far as I am concerned, they make the best freakin' burgers in the burgh.
I'm a big fan of the seared tuna burger.
The complimentary breakfast was also very delicious.
Just went there for the first time today, very nice barbers and great price!
In all honesty it can be a little hit or miss.
The Korean BBQ is buffet style, so you help yourself to the raw proteins and vegetables at the buffet bars and then cook them on your hot plate at your table.
\n\nWhen we excitedly told the wait staff we were celebrating my birthday with them, they brought me a complimentary flour-less chocolate cake which was absolutely incredible.
I say pleasantly surprised for a couple of reasons.
I'm glad we did: the food and the service were both amazing.\n\nI'll talk about the food first.
Maybe it has to do with the friendly atmosphere (seems to be a family run place), and the divey feel.
You can really tell they all absolutely love animals.
I like the rocking chairs and free wifi as well as the live piano player they sometimes have by the sushi bar.
The staff there was so friendly and personable, and did a really nice job at checking on us- but not being overbearing.
I found myself sitting on a rocking chair in the main terminal atrium, (note: go upstairs on the landing for a little more space and quite) listening to someone play on the grand piano below me, eating frozen yogurt from TCBY's new store called Yovana, and relaaaaaaaxing.
All entrees, salads, apps and desserts can easily be shared.
\n\nBrixx isn't doing anything super trendy or memorable, but what they do, they do well.
I'm not a cornbread fan but I do love their cornbread.
We even have a cell phone lot where you can wait for you loved one to let you know they have arrived, at which point you can go pick them up from the baggage claim.
Delicious and unique seafood offerings, I had not been back in a number of years (for no particular reason), but I was quite pleased and will return again sooner!
Bottom line is Mitchell's at the Waterfront is well worth taking the splash for if you really like a nice seafood dinner.
However, they do have many places to eat for vegetarians.\n\nThere is a farmer's table or something like that here.
\n\nTheir beer selection was stellar and their beer cave in back was a fun shopping experience and great place to find a few rarities.
I really wish we had one of the BIG Fresh Markets!\n\nThe prices can be a little steep on the produce but you know you are getting a really good selection.
We ordered the Carcuccieri pizza (or had a similar name- the one with artichokes and prosciutto) and loved every bite.
The patio area was charming and a great place for early morning coffee or late afternoon chats.
I did not while I was here, but it does give you something interesting to look at and start a conversation about during your meal.
This is such a sweet little place.
The bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time.
Great place for an intimate dinner, like an anniversary or an escape from the kids!
Let's roll into a pro/con list...\n\nPros:\n-Great, friendly service.
The service was attentive and friendly.
Nothing special, but everything was fairly well done.
With the kind help of a few of the guys who were working on their own bikes, I managed to change out the tube in no time, leaving the shop with a kind of silly sense of accomplishment and some incredibly black hands.
I am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustrations and anger.
Our server couldn't vouch for it (since it was glutinous) and I should've trusted her.
\n\nI had the best date night ever coming here.
\n\nThe only seating available without a reservation was at the bar, which is never a problem for us.
I chose the veggie burger without the bun and, dare I admit this?
Anyone willing to wear their Steelers Gear to a Raider Game, ride BART for over 20 miles to get there and walk back to the train afterwards - is a FAN Dammit!\n\nAnd one day, the five of us are going to get in an RV and drive across the country and go to a game.....
It's a bit noisy but that's because it is is full of happy diners.
I enjoy shopping at Kohl's and, to date, have never had a bad experience in any of the stores.
Service is excellent Evan though she never brought me my lemon for my water.
When the cook came out, he said \""I just love to cook\"" so there's love that goes into this food.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a good burger.
\n\nThe security check-points aren't that bad, however they do tend to be understaffed on the weekdays.
\n\nJust had some coffee, and a modest plate of over-easy eggs with rye bread--but the eggs were cooked perfectly and the coffee great.
came through for us after all and I have to admit that it was a 100 times better than the hotel room in New York City where I had a lovely view of the air shaft!
But, WOW...what bar food it was!\n\nThe burgers were amazing.
And, that was a long sentence, but not as long as those of some really antiquated authors I've read.\n\nIn any case, the Macaroni Company is a little slice of Italy mixed with Pittsburgherness and fun.
This should be immediately evident upon walking in to the sounds of classical music and free samples of p\u00e2t\u00e9.
I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.
\n\nI loved the calamari for a starter, the talapia in a sweet nutty white sauce, and the apple crisp for dessert.
The service was extremely friendly by the way.
The restaurant itself is small and cramped but the food is worth it.
I would definitely recommend giving them a try for brunch even if you are not typically a fan of \""German\"" food -- I don't eat beef, pork, cabbage, etc but I can certainly find plenty of other options here that are excellent (Sp\u00e4tzle, Chicken, French Toast, Cheese Grits, Home Fries, Fresh Vegetables, Fresh Soup of the day, and delish fresh breads).
They make many of the ingredients on their property (fresh maple syrup anyone?).
Everyone keeps pretty quiet and I would recommend it for studying or an afternoon read.
perfectly baked, perfectly golden, and firm but moist days later.\n\nand, of course, the almond torte, which is essentially their yellow \""scrap batter\"" cake, creamy custard, and homemade buttercream formed into a little log and rolled through loads of secret-recipe-toasted almonds.
I thought about working out at the nice gym but the bed...
Just don't come in here with WVU gear on and you will be just fine!
Yes, there ARE still airports who charge for it, I know I know....\n\nI'm one of the few business travelers who apparently still checks a bag, and luggage delivery is always very fast on the return trip.
The table scones, pastries etc were delicious as was the accompanying cinnamon butter.
Sausages are delectable and spaetzle and red cabbage is awesome.
\nIf you are looking for a punk show in Charlotte this or the Snug are your best bet.
Darren and I shared an Oreo brownie.
The fish was nicely prepared and seasoned.
And of course I want more of that fried chicken!
It tasted very fresh and well cooked, but pub food is rarely worth getting too excited about.
This proved to be a very important WWII campaign which incorporated both amphibious and airborne operations.
We usually hit this Outback about once a month for a good lunch because the service is great, the food has yet to disappoint and we never have to wait for anything.
I dine there at least once a week now, sometimes more, as this dish is truly addicting.
The food always looks beautiful and is well liked (for those who do not like raw fish, there are lovely cooked things).
\n\nKlavon's Twenty-Eight Ice Cream Parlor is definitely neat place for a little time out if you are in the area!
The meatball hoagie and weeding soup are seriously are amazing and authentic.
This is very important to me since I have a one year old and a two year old.
I personally had ribs and brisket with corn bread, and I ate every last bite with no regrets.\n\nProblem is, I've had some really good Barbecue in my life, and the overall taste of the food, while good, wasn't great in comparison.
Worried that would be waiting for a table, we went in hopeful.
Love this dinning experience and will come back very soon :D
Four ravioli for the same?\n\nThey altered the desert recipe on request, which for sure was over and above the call.\n\nService was attentive and the setting nice.
When damaging your liver it's best to use only the freshest and best quality ingredients and if you want to do some serious damage then you should definitely check out Mardi Gras.
\n\nThe best things I've had here include a perfectly succulent pork shank and the flourless chocolate cake with berries.
We enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch, and enjoy it we did!
\n\nThe gym was clean and all the equipment was new.
Always a good meal, and Love the weekend specials usually :) \n\nNever had a problem at all !
Occasionally it shows up runny or less than perfect & I get sad but its still better than my best attempt to copy it.\n\nBeer selection is good but could be more extensive.
Sorry, I had to go there :)
I have only been here a few times, but have never been disappointed.
I came here for the first time and was so happy they could customize my bagel to be healthy by making it skinny (cutting a chunk out of the middle making it thinner) and using egg whites.
Still tough to swallow, but that's the life of a car owner, ain't it?\n\nAll in all, I'm pleased and will likely head back to Coulwood Tire & Auto next time I need service.
For a football stadium BofA is pretty good.
Food - odd the way they put things together, you would think it would taste nasty but actually it's awesome...
Thank you Jonathan...and all of your staff for an awesome dining experience.
I hope in the future we can get a seat more in the middle perhaps alleviating this small issue.
I love to go on Saturdays!!
I'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
First of all, it's a terrific atmosphere - one that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in.
Anything bigger than a small and you're guaranteed to take it home in a doggie bag tray thingy (are the trays seriously called doggie bags, too?) unless you're sharing it with someone else.
Not a vegetarian, but this place might convince me to switch over.
The employees are so friendly, and they are happy to give samples.
Aroma suffused our consciousness and we all just became mindless, visceral things.\nAt the upstairs bar, this long swan of a bartendress was commanding the room, elegantly and fluidly fetching glasses from the overhead rack, snatching mixers from the under-counter cooler, upturning bottles and dispensing drafts, all motions in succession, all so swift and natural, like something perfectly choreographed and rehearsed.
They serve the salads in chilled bowls and that's my favorite presentation for a salad.
This Merry Ann's isn't nearly as pretty as its newer sister location, but the food is the same.
We enjoyed the pretzel rolls with our entrees of schnitzel and rouladen, just authentic German food.
Will come back again for sure.
We popped into CoffeeWorks on a dreary, overcast day and were greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter.
Definitely on my list to go back to the next time I'm in Charlotte.
Some would disagree, but I have friends from Seoul who even think Sushi Kim has the best Korean food in Pittsburgh.(Granted we are speaking for Pittsburgh) It is pricier than Korea Garden, but the atmosphere is slightly more \""upscale.\""\n\nThey also have at least 3 brands of soju(Charm, Cheoeum cheo reom, and Jinro Chamisul), which for Pittsburgh is quite exceptional even though I would only drink the Chamisul.
The pizza at Il Pizzaiolo was fantastic.
\n\nOne major drawback: nowhere in the store did I see a sign mentioning that there's a $10 minimum if you want to use a debit or credit card.
Good beer specials, including $1.50 pints of Point on Fridays.
I used to work a block away from here and loved to frequent this place as a worker as well as a student.
Less than 1/2 price of a Tumi bag I looked at, but better.\n\nGreat selection, knowledgeable staff, good location.
I love it when a hotel pays attention!\n\nWe would absolutely recommend The Priory!
Their drinks and desserts are always delicious, and they used to serve sandwiches.
The table next to us had ordered a delicious looking banana sundae with three scoops of ice-cream, and I've heard the chocolate pretzel dessert is awesome too...next time!\n\nWhen it was all said and done, my boyfriend and I had ordered two drinks, an appetizer, soups and salads, two entrees, and dessert, all for about $98.
I finished them fairly quickly once the movie started (I was seeing the Swedish version of \""Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\"" so this was a while ago.)\n\nAlso, since I was just visiting town, I didn't have a car and I rode the bus there all the way by myself!\n\nSo the point is, you can eat here and get a great dog and good beer, and you can also take the bus here and then see a movie.
The waiter also recommended are a resonably priced ($50/bottle) that was excellent.\n\nAnd yes, the room itself is very charming and when we sat down I asked the host about the place and he told us all about the history of the space.\n\nAt about 8pm on a rainy Thursday night it was just us and two other tables.
They are in the middle of a renovation to make it even better.
Great place to go and dance, and there's plenty of eye candy.
I also enjoyed the warm lobster salad which was truly a piece of art to look at (a little awkward to eat) and very tasty - the flavors of everything blended well, I wish there were more greens though.
I have been several times to the Ceili dances on Tuesday night, they are a lot of fun, and the regulars are great about reaching out to teach newcomers.
If you want to eat the place has always been really clean.
We just had fifty high school students interview here and it was a great location.
Best homemade brats in the universe, excellent deli, nice people have always run the place.
Even though other car rental places might be cheaper, the level of customer service that Enterprise provides is worth the extra couple of dollars.
I did find the service a tad slow but of all the italian places in this area I would go here first.\n\nI had an italian hoggie that was very good and yes they do have excellent meatballs.
The clothes can be hit or miss but when you find something, it's usually pretty awesome.
My husband and I shared the Flatbread and the Scallops and for dinner i had the Beef Tenderloin and he got the Duo of Wild Boar.
Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after.
Their food is flavorful, fresh, and not super-greasy.
But, the staff are what make this hotel awesome.
That, and the buckwheat crepes remind me of my happiest afternoons in the Latin Quarter studying in Paris.
\n\nFord's has something for everyone - Strong Man equipment, Olympic gear, classic Powerlifing equipment and more.
New favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.
Their hot food looked good, but I wanted something to grab and go.\n\nFunny thing, in the time that we were there, three people commented that they really liked my tattoos.
It DOESN'T surprise me when most of those food and drink items are pricey, so they better be worth it!
She listened to what I wanted, was fun to talk to, and gave me many helpful tips.
The noodles in it were also good and the beef was better than expected.
I've only been here two or three times and I agree that this little cafe is a well kept secret.
57 dollars for two steak meals and plenty of beer is not a bad price at all.
I had one of the breakfast specials and it was fantastic.
The Dan Dan noodles were actually very delicious and flavorful.
We used Grub Hub to order, which is a pretty good bet if you want it fast without getting hung up on.
Prices are very reasonable, and I'd say easily the best burger I've had in Pittsburgh (though it's no Vortex burger!!).
Very adorable and staff was very pleasant.
\n\nNo sooner were we seated, when warm tortilla chips, and two bowls of fresh pico were placed before us.
I've been coming here for almost ten years now, and still love it.
I found the place from Yelp.com and I would definitely recommend it!
Chico-the owner is usually cooking, it's a small kitchen, so be prepared to wait, but it's worth it.
Stayed here while in Charlotte for my conference and it was very nice, one thing I love about staying at Residence Inn's is the nightly reception with wine, beer and snacks.
My goddaughters and I love going here.
Was surprised that they came in lower than other competitors, so definitely check them out.
Free wine tastings, cooking demos and samples, and the coolest butchers around serving up high quality meats!
I really enjoyed it, and I appreciated the way that our server took care of us by letting us sample it and sharing his opinions before we made our selection.
Best place in the city for drop off laundry I've found so far.
Good authentic Italian cuisine at a very reasonable price.
This place will hold a special place in our hearts for taking so much stress out of our big day.
However, it was flavorful and better than your average hibachi place.
Coming here at 2pm on a weekday, you'll also be joining the ladies who lunch, just fyi, this is Shadyside after all!
So good that one of my girlfriends ordered a side to take home!
My favorite is the chocolate chip banana pancakes.
Walid did a great job tailoring a custom Brooks Brothers jacket (retail $800+) that I found at the factory story ($40).
If more fans would attend the game then revenue would go up and the Bobcats would then not only be able to afford a marquee player but also attract them as well.
I love Panara, I hear some bad things about management but I don't believe the rumors.
The staff was also friendly and the place was clean.
The staff was very kind and caring even when the diagnosis was not positive.
Godzilla Sushi Roll is the truth!
The short ribs were unbelievably tender, and I also enjoyed 'the tower' appetizer.
Never had it but that's extremely cheap.\n\nBeer is fairly priced; Sam Adams and Blue Moon are $3.50 while Yuengling, Coors & Miller are about $2.50, $2 on special.
Have always had a good experience and their food is delicious!
The headliner, while a bit long, was good.
Don't expect flop down for a casual California roll here.
It adds a good dimension to a trip to the strip.
Other than that, the views from just about every seat are good, the food choices are good, if as usual, a little pricey.
It's of course, a no frills, plastic fork kind of place, but if you order off their Chinese menu, you will not be disappointed.
The mozzarella sticks are great also.
It's been a good six months since my last visit, I remember what I ordered and how good the entire experience was.\n\nI ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce and an order of bok choy which was steamed first, then quickly stir fried, delicious.
I've spent over an hour just browsing, and around the holidays or birthdays, it's the best place to go if you have no idea what to get.
What an amazing place this is!!
When I go there, it's because I want to get fat and happy and that's what happens.
Both were a fantastic start to our meal.
Business at Ullrich's has been good recently, especially since they moved into their present location.
My friends have a hard time talking me into trying any other Thai restaurant as I keep coming back here.
They are the best in the city.\n\nOh and try the potato pancakes, they will rock your world.
My fianc\u00e9 and I had the specials going on for that night and they were both very delicious and more than enough.
Also, the regulars here seemed very nice and always willing to help out a newbie.
Calamari is great and the warm mascarpone dip is...drool worthy.\n\nMy husband always gets the penne a la vodka with chicken---every.
I particularly like the steak and fries, and my girlfriend often gets the beef stroganoff crepe.\n\nThe waitstaff are very talkative and interesting people, and make the place seem very friendly.
Luckily, we arrived early on Saturday night (around 6:30), so we didn't have to wait for a table...
There are also free weights and other equipment available as well.
My husband ordered eggs and hash which were also good but overly salty.
Atmosphere is a bit dated and very Pittsburgh, but if you are looking for decent American Italian at good prices with good service, highly recommend.
...Although I'd probably recommend going on cooler day.
Not expensive, long waits on weekends in the mornings but worth it.
The perfect neighborhood restaurant, whether you want a full steak dinner, or just wings and beer with friends.
I agree with other reviewers that this is a great value.
\n\nAlso it should be said - the waitresses here deserve major praise.
I love sub one hoagie house!
Will definitely return if I'm in town again!
The food was good, the bar tenders were nice and the beer was good.
There are over 17 different beers available plus people selling Seagrams escape drinks (supposedly gluten free!), lime-a-Ritas etc.
The yoga and Pilates classes are good - but I prefer the Dowd Y as the teachers tend to push you further and challenge you.\n\nI have to give a special shout out to the instructor Jill, whose classes are ALWAYS a challenge for all genders and body types - but she keeps it fun and always does the work with you.\n\nHarris Y is uber kid-friendly as it's in Southpark...
I had the barbecue bacon burger which was fantastic.
Free shuttle to and from the airport.
Lebanon.\n\nMore importantly, he was really patient and sweet, showed me some things about my guitar that were useful for me to know, and best of all did a fantastic job setting up my instrument!
cleaning and hotel services also left me satisfied.
Another waiter recommended the ham for next time.
We don't come here for the service or the dim lights - we go for a good meal and you should too.
\n\nI am pretty pleased with their progress.
\n\nAlthough Whole Foods has a short list of better prepared products (for example, their deli and bakery), they cost so much more (it's referred to as \""Whole Paycheck\"" for a reason) and have nowhere near the variety and local selection Metcalfe's has.\n\n\nTips: \n\n1 - Be careful in the parking lot.
Sometimes you'll see students studying here.\n\nIt's a 24 hour place, and there's one of those \""use the claw to grab a stuffed animal\"" machines in the back if you're interested.
BTW their smoothies are pretty good too.
The best was there were activities that left you with free \""souvenirs\"".
\n\nThe capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
I have to say, The wings are scrawny, but the sauce is great.
Now that the weather is nice, check out the botanical gardens afterwards, since it's close to this restaurant.
I'm from NJ and was told by some friends that I need to have East Carolina BBQ.
The small space is filled with lovely folks laughing, and sharing wine; eyes twinkling as they listen to the live music being played by the gentleman walking around strumming his guitar singing loudly.\n\nThe menu is simply simple Italian.
Um, apparently everyone except this place.\n- I got the chili cheese dog, the mac and cheese dog and the chili cheese fries.\n- The chili cheese fries are very very good and are some of the best I've had.
\n\nThe managers that called to schedule the deliveries or confirm a return were so courteous!
The wine selection by the glass is pretty decent.
Had to share an actual picture of the deliciousness this time.
My intention was to get back to Sweet Tea's today, but they are closed on Sundays.
You are potatoey and oniony and wonderful.
(In previous trips, we had both thought the food a touch mild, but knowing there was an Indian heat scale fixed that problem right off).\n\nIt was a wonderful dinner, and I can't wait for our next trip!
\n\nThe greens are nicely kept, the staff is very helpful and all the carts were in working order.
Tasting the pepperoni, again there was this sweet undertone to it.
This is a Fantastic Hardware Store.
It's nice to have an easy, fun, casual place to get some good eats and a nice beer.
I like my fish broiled, their signature is too salty for my liking.
The atmosphere and service from this restaurant were a welcome change from much of what we received the rest of our stay in Pittsburgh.
This is my new favorite place.
It has a laid back atmosphere to combat the other bro-bars on campus, with a good beer list and decent food.
I got the Mimosa which was delicious.
We even sent my chocolates from Hawaii to thank him.
The biscuits and gravy on Saturday mornings is delicious.
The service was acceptable for 4AM (friendly but not faked) Tables were clean and prices were good.
The pulled pork sandwich is equally delicious and the serving size is more than generous.
The cherry on top is that the staff is always friendly, super helpful and happy!
Oh, and remember to ask for you warm cookie.......
I love the fact that they have a great beer selection, but the food sometimes seemed expensive for the quality.
A good mechanic is worth their weight in gold and I will not only return to this garage but refer others as well.
\n\n1 Bonus star for accommodating the Pittsburgh area Buffalo Bills fans!
This is by far the best dentist I have ever been to.
& every bite was better than the last.
They are really fresh and flavorful.
There's a handsome wooden bar in the front room, and a dining room off to the side.
When paying over 200 for dinner for 2 I would like my lemon please.
The people that work there always seem happy and treat you well.
Every bite was enjoyable and again the medium spice was perfect.
Staff is very friendly as well.
In my opinion, Casbah is the best of the big burrito restaurants.
\n\nThat said its a small, and easily repairable (hint) issue that shouldn't keep you from visiting.
Excellent Pad Thai, and their house soups are pretty great too!
Sam's Cafe, is a diner our host choose to take us and if you like a good breakfast diner this is your spot!
They also have a small cooler with about 150 different varieties of beer that are already chilled for your liking.
Atmosphere is pretty neat- there's a weird mural in the larger seating area that's worth a peek and a air duct in top of the room that's cleverly painted like a wooden beam- can't get over that.
The painting of downtown Madison in the rain is fantastic.
The cake alone was incredible but paired with the gelato, DYNAMITE.
Friendly, kind staff and good service.
The beer selection is really great-- we decided to get the trio of Irish beers featuring Harp, Swithwicks, and Guinness.
This is only my second 5 star review, probably should deserve 4.5, but wtf it's so obvious he cares and appreciates the business so much.
The customer service here is amazing!
After the great pastry basket, my appetizer, a Bellini and a cup of coffee, I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag (\""the rest\"" included fruit salad, potatoes, and a croissant!)\n\nMy only complaint would be how long everything took.
The bar is pretty lame, but I'm guessing most go here for a sit down dinner.
But the quality has greatly improved over the years and the service as well.
It's small, packed, and well organized.
Though the breads here are so fresh and enjoyable.
the neighborhood is nice, can walk and shop and explore - upscale shops and lots of nice places to dine.\nonly criticism is the fitness facility which was lame - 1 treadmill, 1 elliptical, 1 bench, dumbbells to 50 lbs.
It's a bit sprawling but it's clean.
My friend told me to pick wherever I wanted for a celebratory dinner, and Yelp brought me here.
This is a very small, yet nice store.
Tullock automotive has not disappointed us.
The fries are fresh cut and nothing is cooked until you order it.\n\nIf you choose to dine in, you will be greeted by the proprietor and casually asked to take a seat any where you like.
(btw, the samosas here are delicious).
The range staff is knowledgeable and willing to help if you have a malfunction or an issue.
\n\nI don't think the upper seats are bad but some on yelp seem to, if it is what you can afford it is still a nice view.
I love everything about this place..
The Pasta trio is always great.
It's paid for itself after two visits and the rest of the season is free.
Although with the Panthers playing, you'll probably have a better time enjoying the concessions and shopping.
The chicken is wonderful and the mac and cheese is soooo good!
That area was not in use and made the restaurant seem like a suboptimal arrangement/floorplan.\n-The restrooms are single person restrooms.
Good value for what you get.
And it tastes every bit as amazing as it sounds.
But house keeping, gardening, and the fix it guys are always respectful, friendly, and are highly knowledgeable.
That you could tell was authentic, or well their own recipe.
The dishes were creative and well presented.
A nice surprise by my boo on a Wednesday night was going to Soba for dinner.
\n\nThe atmosphere here was great, not a huge place but lots of room and they were accomodating two large parties at the time we were there.
Don't think I'll go back to Champaign for a long time, but it's a great lunch/dinner option.
\nHiking and kayaking here is great.
As with many other stores that are like this, the product rotates depending on what doesn't sale well at other stores.
Great for a quick casual bite.
The Cajun Queen is in one of these old homes, and this lends it a very intimate and warm atmosphere.\n\nOf course, atmosphere isn't everything when it comes to restaurants, but the food at the Cajun Queen was fortunately spot-on as well.
An amazing sub for a unbelievable price...
The staff is good and the food is pretty decent for the theme.
And my friends and I have been going basically every week for about a year.
Luckily I had plenty of time, but I saw tons of people running down the long terminal corridors to get to their gate.
As an apology for waiting, they threw in free samosas!
My newest favorite is the First!
The house made ginger sauce on the salad is amazing as well!
We shared fish tacos, a margarita pizza, and chicken tenders.
My favorites are the Wing-o-rito and Gobble-rito(when offered).\n\nThe Wing-o-rito has your beloved wing sauce mixed in their hefty burrito.\n\nThe Gobble-rito is their seasonal Thanksgiving burrito with a side of cranberry.\n\nBoth are awesome!
Specifically, the atrium between concourses B and C, the two US Airways terminals, is delightful.
What a great place for brunch, not to mention filling!\n\nI've only been there once, but had to try it because I kept getting so many recommendations.
The cook, well, he was in a class all his own.
My friend and I perused the map and decided on the Wolfgang Pucks Express on the single premise that neither of us had any idea what it was and never tried it.
The place is pretty bare bones 'burgh style.
I called on Monday and luckily, I was able get a reservation without a problem.
We had a great experience here: helpful staff, clean room, comfy bed, free WIFI, and plenty of security.
The staff are all very friendly and you are welcome to take a look around before deciding to join.
I cannot remember the name of what I ate, but who cares, because it tasted so good that almost right after I finished my plate, short of licking it clean, I wanted more of the special!
For such a small place it's pretty amazing what they already have going on there.
And the view from the large windows was beautiful.
the staff is pretty get-in-get-out-get-going style.
Four stars because it was the first grocery store I saw that sold something called, \""Smack Ramen.\"" Why this is so amusing to me, I still don't know.
But really, any type of meat or a veggie choice is going to be awesome.
The Thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.
Gorgeous restaurant...the ambiance is great...very unique and tasty cuisine, and there was (at least when we were there) a trio of custards dessert that was IN-SANE!
Well worth a visit while shopping the strip.
It's an older and mature crowd, but because of the way it's kind of tucked away, you'll seem like you really know something if you bring a date here.\n\nThere are a good number of wines by the glass, and some good cocktails.
However our waiter, Jason, said he will do his best to get as out on time.
My maid of honor maid the appointment and a couple of my bridesmaids, my mom, and grandma came with me to try the dress on.
The remainder of the hot dog was really good though.
I decided to save the calories and bring it home for my daughter.....she'll eat anything.
If you're a pizza fanatic - it's worth making a much lengthier trek.\""\n\nfull review with pictures on my site
I'll definitely be going back for Titletown and in general, Shadow Lounge is a great place to see alternative acts in Pittsburgh.
So, yah I've never been ignored here.
I was horrified to think of the quagmire it could have created, but even though Charlotte's roads have that bowl-of-spaghetti kind of organization, it's really never been that bad.
This gyro is definitely more spiced up than your chain restaurant gyro.
(Please: don't hold a five minute conversation with them and try 10 cheeses on Saturday when there are 30 people waiting, though.) The salamis across from the cheese counter are excellent, and this is probably the only place I've been that has 3-4 different brands of anchovy paste.
We were all very satisfied with our dinner.
I definitely took advantage of the gym while I stayed there.\n\nAs for the conference space, it does a pretty good job, with plenty of meeting rooms and ballrooms.
the training rewards treats are perfect for her tiny mouth and soft enough for her to chew.\n\nI have walked around the store some and all areas have a good variety to choose from no matter what you are looking for.\n I love that I can take my animals in the store.
The variety of flavors and foods is remarkable and it gives you a chance to experience the diversity this kitchen is capable of without investing a lot in one dish.
I don't have a favorite drink, but \""Mocha\"" is a place where you can be comfortable enough to ask what a particular drink is and you won't get a snippy answer.
Not just because it is basically the only German restaurant in the area, but because it is also very, VERY good.
Most excellent place even if it is a bit pricey.
You guys are great out in nc.
I hope to go back for more food soon!
The pad Thai is very good, with a slight smoky flavor that keeps you coming back for more.
They are so thick, yet so fluffy at the same time!\n\nThe surprising news: they take credit cards (it gives off a \""cash only\"" vibe).\n\nThe opportunity area: syrup that does not come in an old-fashioned squeeze bottle!
Service is always great.\n\nThe bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink, to hang, and to meet others.
The creamed spinach was smooth, sophisticated and rich.
One of a select few good places to eat on the far East side of town.
I got to the airport early for a morning flight, and got a stunning breakfast there.\n\nBut I do indeed have two concerns with CLT.
This place is a must go for beer lovers.
I had trade a bite of my lunch to get a bite of his and it was great, he teasingly \""swooned\"" over his meal.
Seriously, the walk won't kill most of us.
\n\nThe entertainment begins when the chef comes out to cook your meal.
nice and crispy, just like i like it.
Definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.\n\nSecond time was for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting (Nov 2014).
Tucked away in the back of this natural food store is the most awesome thai deli!
We sat by the fireplace and enjoyed Harp on tap and sandwiches.
I am a big fan of Max;;s for their local flair, real German food, and authentic Pittsburgh feeling.
It just always seems clean, friendly, easy to go from terminal to terminal, not a lot of delays since it's not in a bad winter weather region..
Entertainment is hit or miss, but at least they have some.
Lots of marvelous flavor, and a good sized portion served on a plate surrounded by white rice.
\n\nI do recall that the very last time I ate here was with a dear friend and two of her British colleagues, and we had ourselves a grand ol' time.
One time when my friend had her birthday here they gave our table three plates of them on the house.
For us men, they \""entice\"" you with very attractive female servers, especially in the summer months.
If I lived closer, I would want it all the time.
I do want to add you won't be paying a fortune at this place.
Pretty much my entire life I'd never done anything with my hair except trim it (cut-wise, I dyed it for a long time), but I decided it was time for a change.
funky little cafeteria atop a very popular pittsburgh breakfast spot.
\n\nSecond...the merchandise in here is pretty awesome.
I think there was a Chinese grandmother in the kitchen, lovingly preparing meals to be served, but even if not that's how I felt after eating here.
So I had to push my way in, got the same excellent service as I always do.
I hope they get more business since this is a great independent restaurant that deserves to thrive.
It was very good, but the texture was a little off.
The appetizers were wonderful, some kind of mini pizza bread, hummus plate, calamari, etc.
Potato Cakes are hard to rate, I've had them in Brit Pubs, Irish Pubs and German Restaurants, these were very good, maybe 4.85 stars or better and they were served with sour cream and balsamic.
While I love a leisurely meal, an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive.
Didn't get a chance to try dessert.\n\nBoth items I had were rather tasty, and I would easily come back here for a great meal.
Beautiful decor, great service and great food.
Definitely something to share because of the richness, I was only able to eat a few bites.
Luckily, there's always an attentive bartender waiting to mix one more cocktail.\n\nBut this ain't no college dive.
Indoor seating is limited, but creates good atmosphere for this place.
Good ole southern food\n MOST of the staff is awesome its like seeing an old friend with a famaliar face..
Going to the games are always a good time, and when they are on TV at the bar, I always find myself happy to enjoy my meal and watch the game.
\nMaybe you are asking yourself how awesome can a grilled cheese sandwich really be please read on.\n\nThe cheese on my sandwich was melted all the way through no cold center to be found here.
I've heard the hotel restaurant is great, and features ingredients from local farms, but I haven't tried it yet.
Never the less, its a great overall good airport.
It still tasted good so I popped it in the oven and that helped enough to be able to enjoy it.
We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy.
Plus gel and solar nails are available for those interested...
first, i'd like to note that i'm so ocd i had to change the name from \""prantls\"" to \""prantl's\"" because there IS an apostrophe there!
It's one of the few places that doesn't reek of cigarettes, it's never crowded and the open garage doors are great for fresh air.\n\nI tried their buffalo (boneless) wings last night in the jack daniel's sauce - way better than Sharp Edge's.
Our entire table wish we ordered more of it!
I had a minor concern, and they took care of it quickly and perfectly!
Mi Cocina is my favorite Mexican-style restaurant in the Madison area.
They do cook the food fresh to order and I usually order their Teriyaki chicken special.
Service is always fast and friendly.
The dog looked like a chef put some real love into it - it was picture perfect, lightly dusted with celery salt, relish tucked in like it was ready for a commercial.
Your perfectly-priced fine-dining scene makes me want to pull up stakes and move in with you.
Dean the owner/manager was extremely knowledgeable and helpful about which backpack was best for me.
They get a little extra bump from me because they so graciously hosted the Pittsburgh Beer Society for a long time, AND gave PBS members 10% off their beers.
Gorgeous- immaculate historic estate- very spacious stay in the Mt Vernon room.
I don't know what the regular floors are like, but if you can swing it, definitely stay at the Highland Club!
Our dog has had some pretty serious health problems as she's gotten older, and having Curt as our vet made the process of dealing with everything a lot easier for me.
Bit if I need a fast unhealthy lunch its great to have a place I can get in and out of in 2 minutes with my food.
The chicken tikka was also very good - not overly creamy and thick, but not too thin and with just the right taste - not all \""doctored\"" up like some places like to do.
Bombay Grille now goes towards the top.
I never actually had a latte prior to going here, but just decided to go for it since they have $2 latte Wednesdays....the Carmel Latte here is excellent, now it's a mainstay of mine.
You can try all the tasty meats and side dishes.\n\nI like that they also have a salad bar with fresh cut watermelon, at least the night we were there.
That seemed to be pretty standard so be prepared for that.
It's easy to find your way around and you get free wi fi!
I was thrilled to find a current exhibition of Medieval Persian pottery -- found along the ancient Silk Road route -- currently running as well.\n\nSay what you will about H.
Darren brought me here, and as a Indian food n00b, I was impressed with everything included in the economical Dinner for Two which gets a diner nan, a meat dish, a veggie dish, dal, a dessert, and tea.
I absolutely loved it except for the buns that turned out flaky with hollow spots and lacking flavor.
They have better customer service than most \""luxury\"" hotels I've stayed at over the years.\n\nDoes the building need updating?
I had the chance to try this place out and I have to say I was instantly impressed.
With the live music and well mixed drinks, it is a place that is sure to be a good time.
Picture a cozy pub, sometimes with a live band, plates all over the walls and ceiling - mostly to do with the beer club, hot young women in tight shirts and plaid skirts, etc..\n\nThe only thing I would improve is the building itself.
I think perhaps the only Burger Joint in town that is capable of cooking a burger properly to order.
The dinner portions are always better, from the amount of food you get to even the size of the shrimp.
Once I finished it, I went for a second round and chose the mint chocolate martini, which also came adorned with chocolate syrup.
they are just two of the best people around, so any time your in the area of mount Holly Huntersville road and highway 16, go ahead and stop by Mountain Island Coffee House and you see what I mean:-) the phone number on yelp is wrong ,the phone number is 704-971-1600\n\n Michael Justice\n a very satisfied customer....
The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area.
You will find something delicious here, I promise you that.
I'd say this place is pretty hipster.\nNot just \""alternative,\"" like all the edgy people you can muster in CU come here - it has a real hipster attitude.\n\nBut I still love it.\nAll the beers.
The atmosphere was nice and lively.
I was craving and in search of a place where I could get the most authentic DOC style Italian pizza, and I honestly think that this place is the best I have ever had at making a certified Margarita pizza.
The customer service rep was professional and friendly.
We were a little nervous because it is in a truck stop but the food was absolutely delicious and the service was fast and friendly.
You feel like you are transformed into a new place.
I give the bobcats four stars but they are honestly at this point 3.5 stars.
I love their frozen tofu stuffs and frozen fish balls.
If the CLT Parking Attendant sees you waiting, they will always come over and make sure the short bus you need is on the way!
I had the house made granola which was just amazing!
Dinner Apr 17\n Stumbled upon this place and glad I did.
Though I've been fortunate to have in-home laundry capabilities everywhere I've lived over the last several years, recently I found myself in need of professional (laundry) help when my dog puked all over our comforter and mattress pad (thanks again for that, little buddy).
We have come here a couple times now when we were visiting family & it was totally worth the trip (it's an hour drive).
Wish we could clone this place!
I learned to say things like, \""I don't like ferns, what else will grow like a fern in an area that doesn't get a ton of sun, but isn't a fern.\""\n\n4.
One time I spent the night in Charlotte, courtesy of missed connections, air traffic control in Philly, ughhh...
It's much more fun to browse through than Pottery Barn!
There is a coffee shop located in the center of it and tons of seats and couches around the store for nestling in for a good read.
The course itself is very nice.
I would fully trust Lulu and her shop with any alteration we would need in the future.
I went to heaven, it took me 35 minutes to write this review because I took a solid bite with Grey Poupon after each sentence.
They were complimented well with the sweet sauce that comes with them.
The company gave us uniforms that this woman altered and had ready on Saturday.
I'd say this place is on par with Azteca on Woodlawn, if you need a comparison.\n\nDaily specials are your standard fare-- one day has cheap Corona, another cheap margaritas, for example.\n\nIf you are in the area, definitely give it a try.
It's amazing and I've had a lot of Pho.
The people are great, there is a wonderful community of shoppers/owners, the selection is more than adaquate, and the atmosphere is just perfect.
This is probably my favorite store in Pittsburgh, for the selection and variety of discounted designer clothing.
The Bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time...
An easy atmosphere, a menu with a good variety.
The guacamole that came with it was fresh and tasty.
\n\nAlso, the music they play in the main weight room sounds like the Disney Channel and Taylor Swift had an illegitimate child after many nights of sordid rendezvous.
They've been very nice to accommodate my boyfriend and I even though we are not staying so I've had a few breakfasts here.
I cannot thank Anne Gregory enough for their help in finding my dream wedding dress.
My husband, who is a huge comic book geek, loves this place.
My daughter said to us \""wow, were at a party\"".
Unfortunately, they discontinued one of my favorite products - Field Roast Deli Slices.
Pool was clean and tidy btw.\nYou can tell the buildings are older yet remodel.
The selection is vast, the owners are kind, and the clothes are pristine.
True enough, someone from Los Angeles (like myself), New York or Boston would not be completely delighted with the range of subject matter, you can find something.
The staff is the friendliest, Michael is my favorite waiter..super funny!
Walter's is just a fantastic establishment.
(from \""WKRP in Cincinnati\"" )\n\nI hope to stop in again soon .
It's a very interesting beer with a mojito taste to it.
I can confirm that 10 years later the coffee is still frigging amazing.
Much better than Pravda, er the Gazette.
I was there while the Steelers were on, so it was festive.\nI agree they are a little dry...so get hot sauce, or ask for some mayo or ranch, ect...\nAnd it was quite warm in there.
The first time I came to 007 I walked in, sat right down and had an awesome spa pedicure at a really reasonable price!
They have a small lot but we usually have to park on the street.\n\nI wish this beer garden was located in warmer weather so I could enjoy it all year long!
I tried their pierogi which I found to be quite good.
They've got some slot machines and pool tables now which also make for a good time and there's a dressed model of the Chief up front which is a welcome sight for any Illini.
The slices of pizza were unevenly divided and my eating companions were quick to grab what might have been fold-able slices, but I feel like folding was a possibility for the crust.\n\nOverall, I'd go back.
Each time I've genuinely felt as if they've provided us the best possible service and genuinely care about our satisfaction as customers.\n\nThe only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because recently I went in for an alignment and they pointed out a repair that I needed and that they wouldn't be able to check the alignment until I got this repair.
My fiance ordered fried chicken and it was very good.
Including the store security guard who helped me find things my first time in the store.
They also have my favorite pancakes.
Children's clothing, toys, electronics and health & beauty items have been moved to other parts of the store.
Connolly's is a great Irish Pub with no food, but great bartenders and an even better time.
The tempura green beans were so delicious too!
\nMen's locker room/shower is sometimes like a family reunion for 3rd world countries\nThey just need a few signs demanding that people walk on the right and stop with the drama and discussions in stairwells and corridors \nHope I didn't insult anyone.
This is one of my favorite shops!
This is not just at this Vietnamese place it is pretty much the norm for the other Vietnamese places around the PGH area.
Plus, the reception area has nice amenities - espresso, current magazines etc.\n
Minestrone was OK.\n\nTake home: Kinda wish I had tipped my server more (I did a bit over 20%).
Its the perfect miniature dessert!\n\nFor my daughters wedding I ordered five dozen of these for the cookie table.
We appreciate the beautiful facility, private rooms, gentle hygienists and top notch dental care.
If you get the Trio, I'd recommend getting the option that includes the salad and dessert.
I thought that all of these displays are well thought-out and perfectly executed!\n\nLooovve!!
In addition to a plethora of sandwich options there are italian dishes as well.
Not only are you guaranteed to enjoy your food, you are guaranteed to be satisfied / hardly able to finish it all!
The service for that large party and whenever its just the hubby and I has always been great.
Easy stop off the highway for cheese of all kinds, jerky, beer, gifts and souvenirs.
they also send great coupons via mail/email!
Not sure that I could eat here more than once every 10 years, but I'll take my chances.
I tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.\n\nMy entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled sourdough topped with spinach, braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.
GET THE BREAD PUDDING!!!\n...This is a nice restaurant that is cramped and casually decorated.
I love local bakeries and this one is tremendous!
This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.
The rooms are typical motel but the thing to remember is the cleanliness of the rooms which is not very accurate (the extractor fan in the bathroom had dust that almost completely otturava).
I feel like such a big girl now!
One of those great old-school diners that knows how to make a good meal and make you feel at home.
Our entrees cooked to an excellent temperature.
It also has an adequate amount of weightlifting equipment.
When I go back and visit Pittsburgh, the Triangle Bar is a MUST stop and I usually buy a couple of extra hoagies so that I can bring them home on the plane to California and enjoy them here!!!\n\nThe Best of the Best!!!!!!!!!!!
this place had a great selection.
Hate to admit it, but it's true.
I have seen the same people working here for a while now and they always make me feel so welcome.
\n\nWe were lucky to have this place in Pittsburgh - it's not like there was a lot to choose from.
Very nice airport a lot of selections of food we stopped at Sbarro's to grab something to eat.
The calamari was really unique but delicious.
Jay works wonders and he has given me the best platinum blonde 'do ever.
Usually this means people with kids, but just as often applies to adults that can't seem to understand the words \""Please don't touch\"".
I'm pretty standard with the marinated chicken over rice, greens, and usually another veg.
Even if you go there alone (which is what I do, because I don't know people yet), chances are that you'll meet cool people (provided you're not shy).\n\nThe specials are quite cheap between Sunday and Wednesday.
\n\nLike Nicole, I appreciate them sending out the free CFL bulbs.
The waitress's working weekends are pretty fantastic.
\n\nYou really can't go wrong here.
\n\nDuring the daylight hours, this space is a breeding ground for dog walkers, joggers and pensive, respectful photographers.
I was referred to Edgewood Dental Associates by a friend (who happens to be a doctor).
This is some of the best Chinese delivery I've ever had, and I've gotten delivery in Soho, NYC before!
The preparation and quality of the fish is so far superior to any sushi restaurant in the area.
If we stayed longer I could see relaxing down there enjoying a glass of wine, playing a game or reading.
They aim to please :) I have definitely been pleased :)
After reading other positive reviews about Sarah here on Yelp, I decided to book with her.
The water is cool; perfect for a workout but if one wanted there is a smaller warm pool as well.
My wife LOVED her falafel sandwich...which is really saying something, as she's somewhat of connoisseur.
I've been to Connollys twice, and both times it was for a special event being held in the upstairs room.
The staff were friendly and attentive.
To save time, each office complex houses the usual fast food chains.\n\nI was told Chick-fil-A was one of the best fast food chains in the southeast.
\n\nThat ambiance easily carries over to the menu, which is small but that just belies how big the typical portions are.
This is one of the best bars in the city.
I'm pretty sure, in fact, that the Saucer was created for people exactly like me.\n\nWalking into the door I instantly get the same feeling of the hole-in-the-wall pubs I frequented back in college - just much larger.
The mashed taters were lumpy like I like it.
\n\nI would definitely return to the Improv.
I ordered the half portion of salmon, so I can account for portion size there, but it was great!
This place is great for special occasion and couples.
Haven't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty.
kids haircuts are only 10$ and My daughter loves it.
I even love how they have a wine vending machine in the front!
The waiter was attentive and happily allowed for a substitution on my salad so I could try one of the raw milk cheeses from their cheese sampler.
I'm really enjoying my stay here at the Residence Inn.
The food was excellent and the wine was outstanding.
Hit and miss, with the curries more solid than anything else I've tried.
If you've never had a Seaboat catfish sandwich with some of their amazing fried Okra, then you don't know what you are missing.
It probably doesn't bother most people who will just come back to their hotel to sleep.
and the ease of the return makes the morning start off smoothly.
I went to Pino's to celebrate a friends birthday on a Thursday night.
The sign looks like the one pictured but with a giant black 7 over the kitchen closing hour for Friday so I'd guess all the other hours are the same (I didn't take a very good look as I was focused on the deliciousness before me).
I find myself wondering around trying to get out, like one of those maze puzzles and before I find the exit, \""Hey look here's the saffron and it's only 17 dollars for a dime bag\"", throw it into the fancy thing that isn't a 'shopping cart' per se but more of a finely tuned epicurean delivery mechanism (all wheels work perfectly, always) and continue the search.
If you're having difficulty, your server will be happy to help you, too (ask for Ryan).
My mom loved her sea bass as well.
The dark wood and warm colors make it an inviting place for a small bite (though portions were a meal size for me).
I saw Franco Harris at this place he was a class act great place to by real food from Italy
Products labeled with origin.\nPrices may be higher but if you watch for the sale items- the prices are good.
The beauty of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can only be described as mesmerizing.
The last time we were there the server was slow but very friendly.
The shop is Professional and clean, I highly \nRecommend.
Which is a great value because the 3 of us easily got 2 cups each out of it.\n\nThe Fragrant Pork had chestnuts, green peppers, onions, mushrooms and carrots in a garlic tomato sauce, Said that it was spicy hot put I only got a tiny bit of kick.
This has to be one of the nicer convention centers I've been to.
\n\n\nThey also serve Afternoon Tea, which I'm sure is fabulous!!!
The location is pretty nice and we were able to take a walk around the block afterwards to help digest (why the hell is 7th street totally paved over into some 5 lane highway...
I can pretty much guarantee that the macaroni and cheese, sweet tea, biscuits, meatloaf and all the other soul food will remind you why Charlotte is a good place to live.
Great small town breakfast spot Highly recommend George's Mixed Grill ...
1 liter of Bubble Gum flavored Pedialyte \n\nWith all of these item stowed safely in my man bag, or \""murse\"" I was ready for any adventure that the night may hold.\n\nNow I know that major corporations are horrible for small business and are generally bad, but where else can a list like this be purchased with one stop ?\n\nHauki !\n\nLight blue trojans please\nSpermicidal for the win !\nDo I need road flares ?\n\nTalent ?
Lately, I've moved to the organic sumatran, and really want to try the kona; I'm confident they'll be around for awhile, and I'll be headed back.
\n\nI have only been through this airport quickly so I hope my next layover is a little longer so that I can walk around instead of literally running through.
It really didn't have a chance, considering it was brought out with the shrimp scampi.\n\nMy friend ordered the Pasta Christopher which had red peppers, chicken, and sausage mixed in with penne.
Pretty authentic NY Style pizza although a little bit on the pricey side.
The filling almost looked like cous cous or quinoa.
Peanut butter (wasn't anything super special, but the flavors above were superb!)\nI binge are three & didn't feel guilty.
I was actually nervous that they were going to stop me and ask for my ticket which they safely secured at my first entrance.
However, any place that has a sandwich that includes both bacon and avocado is a winner for me.
Overall I think it's a fun place to take friends who are visiting from out of town before heading down to the farmer's market early on a Saturday morning.
The mango chicken lunch special was awesome - but my sa cha chicken dinner on a return visit was even better, and the bite of the triple charm special definitely put up there on my \""to order next\"" list.
The bartenders are great and every drink I've had has been tasty and made perfectly!
I also asked for a single filet of the salt and pepper catfish, which was very good also.
We enjoyed that they are one of the hibachi places that actually uses the ginger sauce on the side to dip with.
Their margaritas are really tasty too:-) I recommend going to eat here.
The front desk was extremely helpful and friendly!
It took about 20 minutes, which I was pleased about.
It's a great spot to learn more about the city and state...
We said that we would definitely go another night for drinks and appetizers(which looked tempting) in the bar/lounge area with friends.
Hubby and I stopped here thinking we'd just have a few beers and grab a bite to eat, but we were surprised to say the least.
Go to the Johnson & Wales website, click on the Charlotte section, and look up \""Chef's Choice.\"" My strong recommendation is to sign up for the 5 week Bootcamp.
I will be returning here again for all my current vehicle's maintenance needs - which should be relatively few, according to the mechanics at Chet's, who could have frankly sold me quite a significant line of bull about that had they cared to.
So I had to satisfy my craving for such today with a nice kielbasa (or is that kolbassi) from Wiener World.
which we needed more of the dipping fruits etc because 2 pieces of each was not enough!\n\nthis is a nice strange of pace for a night out.
\n\nMy one reason for keeping this from being a 5 star restaurant was the heat - it was so warm in there, we literally could not wait to get out of there.
Nothing spectacular and really warm, but hey the coffee's good.\n\nBonus!
They made it so easy for us so we could focus our attention on everything from actually getting married to coordinating out of town guests joining us.
\n\nThe coffee is terrific and the barista welcomes and chats with customers.
The tomato sauce was light, tangy and perfect.
Quality is consistent and prices are more than fair.
Tecate was on special, so I gladly order one, my date ordered a coke that didn't taste quite right.
I love a good sauerkraut with a brat, and Flying Saucer definitely hit the mark on both.\n\nMore importantly, the wait staff was great.
I was not uncomfortable at all, I felt well taken care of.
Whether you get a refreshing fruit crepe, or a delicious dinner crepe, either way, you receive a fantastically crafted meal.
Tracy (the owner) is absolutely delightful and always remembers our names, gives us discounts on various occasions, and gives us Christmas gifts!
For Dessert I had \""Schokoladenmus\"" Chocolate Mousse served with Bourbon Sauce and Fresh Fruit, it was A-OK 3 yelp stars.
After taping a pic to a arm rest he went to work by drawing a sketch on my arm for 45 minutes and when I saw what he had done I was more than impressed.
My daughter and I usually share a meal and I asked our server if that would be OK.
delicate and fluffy jussssssst the way i like 'em!
I've had great meals and ok meals, never any bad meals.
Highly recommended, very filling and cheap.
This place has the most heavenly smell!\n\nThe pepperoni bread is an absolute must.
I had excessive quantities of both, as well as draft beer.\n\nApart from the sports crowd, it seems this place does quite a bit of late-night business, as a lot of people make it one of their last stops of the evening before heading home to sleep it off.\n\nOverall, a good scene, and definitely worth a stop just for the pizza and wingies.
Most notable from that first visit was the fact that even though the place was hopping, the service was super quick.
Have the biggest fan following of all the teams.
I love it when people get as excited about food as me.
Hopefully, you guys will start winning soon!
Amazing selection of product, and very knowledgable staff.
It suits the cuisine and is well set for small groups or a date.
The best Chinese place in Charlotte.
All the employees seemed in a good mood.
\n\nThe place, though fairly small, was neat and clean on the inside.
\n\nThe rooms were extremely nice as well with amenities (fridge and iron, essential for a work hotel room).
We were there early so mostly had breakfast which was darned good.
They kept the beverage stations open and well stocked.
But going in the early evening or for lunch usually works pretty well.
If you're into old houses, reserve at least 30 minutes to get through the whole store and you won't be disappointed.
a mortar and pestle, a pink Himalayan salt grinder, a cute leaf thing designed for used tea bags.
Yes, I am slightly bias because I am Korean but its great food.
the ones at Alexander Michael's are among the top three in this city!
Best build-your-own six pack joint in the city!
You bring it in, they'll honor it.
Go there and expect to enjoy a delicious glass of wine while waiting to have a fabulous dinner!
The Pineville Ice House, as it is better known, is great fun with the kids, a group, family, for a birthday party and most other stuff you think of doing at your standard roller-rink except the kicker is that it's on ice!\n\nI've made it here a number of times including once with a big group for a [dangerous] game called broom ball.
It's just a good amusement park.
I just found it vastly annoying that there still wasn't a lot of charging stations or great outlets to charge my phone.
\n\ni recently came here with a big party and we had a little room off to the side which was just us after the other tables finished up.
PF Chang's (if you can help it).
Though dinner is a bit expensive and they do need to tell you the prices of the specials lest you order a $45 bento box like I did, the staff is incredibly accomodating and attentive to your needs.
I've also brought family and friends from out of town by here even on non game days just to look around.
$5 dollar apps and dollar off tap beers.\n\nThey have a wide selection of draft beers, so if you like to enjoy flavors other than Miller Light this is a great place to go and enjoy some IPAs at a good price.\n\nWide selection of $5 apps too.
On the whole, I was very happy with Mert's and will definitely go again!
The older man who places the accordion is very friendly and entertaining (although at times he plays too loud...he means well!) Overall, one of my favoriate restaurants in the area.
He always brings his out of state friends to it.
If the nice old ladies who volunteer at the shop find the area safe enough to work in, then you don't have anything to be afraid of.
It was so good, I need to order it next time.\n\nMy brother is a retired chef and hates to eat out because few restaurants are worth paying for what he can make better at home.
She realized she left something very important at home, so I contacted a business in Madison to purchase it for her.
Upon being sat, our waitress came by right away and she was very nice.
The best ice cream in Pittsburgh!
I never imagined that I'd be thrilled about going to an eye doctor, but that is the case with this wonderful office!
I liked the dirty rice, mashed potato with gravy and cole slaw too.
The lunch buffet is really great, everything is fresh and full of interesting flavor - nothing is spicy hot, though.
It's in a parlor, which is small but charming.
It was good, and the portion was a really fair size for the price.\n\nI then moved onto the Key Lime Pie martini.
It was warm (but not too warm) and sunny (but not too bright), and Williams-Sonoma's doors were thrown open, welcoming customers into a land of expensive kitchen gadgets and extravagant kitchen accessories.
And after yesterday's game it will be a long time before I go again.\n\nIt is a very nice stadium, we had a beautiful sunny afternoon and lots of Giant fans in the house.
Since moving to South Charlotte my wife & I have struggled finding a Mexican Restaurant with great food at a reasonable price.
It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long, but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up.
I would definitely recommend going here.
This may have been the best fish sandwich I've yet to have in da burgh.
\n\nI absolutely love supporting local venues and events!
For those not in the know - rouladen is like a rolled up burger with bacon and pickles.
Hoping other people find this little neighborhood gem soon.
An old victorian building in a neighborhood that feels more like Charleston than Charlotte.
Where do you want to go?\""\n\""Um...
Sitting there in their mismatched, vintage-y looking diner, I felt like I was in the Mission in SF (OK, maybe minus the fact that everyone was sporting their winter gear, which would never be necessary in CA).
As I say I vote with my feet and my USD, and the staff at rusty nail can sleep well tonight knowing that my hard earned cash, will continue to flow at Joe's and my feet will continue to bring me there hopefully more often than not!!
To top it off, the Bobcats run special deals in their pro shop and have lots of sponsors willing to treat fans during the timeout breaks (e.g., boxers, t-shirts, pizza, Bojangle's).
\n\nPros\n- VERY affordable\n- friendly and helpful staff\n- Did I mention it is scrumptious?\n\nCons\n- service is a little slow\n- inconsistent drink options\n\nI highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
It's very clean here and the golf course isn't bad!
We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer.
So a place with fresh tortillas, Mexican cheeses, bulk dried peppers, Jumex (boyfriend is obsessed with these canned juices/nectars), and other tasty things is a much-needed addition to the Strip, with its diverse culinary offerings.\n\nI will always return here for Latin American ingredients - partially because Reyna is great, but also because - where else could you get that around here?
The chef usually has a special dessert of the day and then you have your typical Italian tiramisu, cannoli, and carrot cake.
I kind of want a jar of it at home to put on sandwiches or something.\nAs far as entrees, boyfriend had the beef brisket which he said was excellent and very tender.
I have been here a few times to just pick up dinner a long time ago and it has always been great.
Because if I did why are we still talking?\n\nRi Ra is a classy version of the Irish pub I love to feel at home in.
As with everything concerning Big Burrito, Soba is excellent in all departments.
$3 mimosas on Sunday, even MORE awesome, and the bartender even allowed me to sub cranberry juice for the orange juice.
So far my favorite is the steak pizza, however, it is all delicious.
Granted tuna is a bit bland, I was hoping for more seasoning and oomph from the Korean barbecue sauce.
The food is very inexpensive and it has the best french toast in town.
I was doing fine on my \""timing\"" until the the noodles & veggies came.
Nothnagel and everyone who works here are friendly, kind, and knowledgeable.
If you are in North Carolina you need to visit this place :)
\n\nFOOD Room served: not so bad!
I got the Flounder and it was heaven.
Go to Kara!\n\nThe rest of the staff are equally friendly and fun.
At happy hour, I had incredible Belgian wheat beer for about $3 and even the pizza wasn't bad.
This was my favorite sandwich, anywhere, ever, period.
The room looked exactly like we had discussed in our meetings.
Served quickly, which gave me plenty of time for the nice walk to and from work.\n\nDINNER: For dinner, when I had more time, it was always nice to venture into one of their other great seafood offerings.
The service is awesome because I'm guessing you have to be pretty good to land a server position that might end up paying you 6 figures.
Two rolls made for a good lunch.\n\nThey do have other non-sushi dishes.
I love that this diner offers vegetarian/vegan options.
The food is great as well.
They are beautiful fabric and were installed easliy.
Speedy, friendly service, rarely messes up my order, even if it is complicated, which it usually is.
Absolutely the best club sandwich I have had in a looong time.
Thanks, Dexter's!!\n\nDexter's = WIN\n\nFood = 4.5 stars (excellent fish; curds and fries were stellar)\nService = 2 stars (they forgot about us, but made up for it)\nValue = 2 stars (would've been over $85 for the 4 of us)\nMisc = 3 stars (the place isn't much to look at, but has an excellent beer selection...)\n\nOh - also, parking is hard to come by, so be prepared to park on the street and/or walk a bit to get there.
Has many recipes on it; vegetables, chicken or pork shish kabobs(yes,heard me right, shish kabobs on a pizza), honestly one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.
You should definitely save room for desert and there is no better desert here than the chocolate souffle'.
My car looks great and my inconvenience was minimal.
My friend got the Egg Mornay I didn't try it but it looked delicious.
They were extremely helpful with the menu, never rushed us.
If you're willing to let go, give him a shot.\n\nAlso - Dean of Shadyside has a referral program, you get these cards which entitle new clients to a free haircut (and you get a kickback coupon in the mail).
Within one hour, they quoted me (a great price) and had the tires installed.
I would highly recommend to give this place a try.
\n\nAnd the sweet and sour chicken my sons got?
They really make this a nice experience.
Granted, it's not really an authentic Chinese dish, but this place makes it damn good, and it's cheap!
The 4th floor space we used was newly renovated, and with good weather you can utilize the patio spaces, which have awesome views of the city, including the changing color Duke Energy building.
Even when the EMTs arrived and drunk punches were thrown the staff stood stoically ready to show their support for their customer.
Au jus on the side, a basil based sauce that perfectly complemented the hoagie.
Everything from the drinks to dessert were amazing.
They do fried dogs too and it's great.
He's a cool guy, very friendly, and not a new-age, hippy, sales-y doctor like some of the other chiropractors that I've been to.
We typically only go for Friday Fish Fry and are never disappointed, just be prepared for a long wait for both a table and the food but I believe it is worth it...
She even complimented my girlfriend on her selection which really made me smile.
The airport is very clean and everyone is courteous.
Terrific for those who prefer imported beer from all over.
The small number of ingredients that go into making this simple sauce and meatball had to be in proper proportion each time to get that wonderful flavor -- so far they are batting 2/2.
Plus, who wants to eat a huge meal while in your swim suit.
They have a great collection of candles, beads, and herbs.
What a cornucopia (nods to Candice G.) of beautifully tasty french creole goodness all nestled magically in compartmentalized order without any compartments in the take-out box.
(I'm not into masking the taste of burnt espresso with a mocha!) If a place can provide me with a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like it will give me an ulcer, I'll be a fan for life.
Yes, you will pay more, but it's worth it.
They are so yummy and buttery, but a bit heavy if you are going to eat your entire meal.
In short, I owe Cafe Zinho an apology.
Located across from CPCC in an unassuming strip mall with a tiny parking lot, this little gem is just waiting to make your date more interesting, your mouth do a little dance and your wallet skip a beat!\n\nI always go for lunch here because it's $5.99-$6.99 for the same size portions as dinner (dinner is around $10-$12).
My other friend ordered a daily special which was Chorizo hash served with eggs and tortillas.
Apparently the breakfast was also very good, and even had hot foods, like sausage.
Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better.
Nice atmosphere and good beer selection too.
A win win situation.\nI aslo thinks its pretty damn tasty!
We had our wallets pulled out and ready to go, but never found anyone to pay...because the parking is free!
You can walk around the area and find a really good food place for alot less.
\nIf you're lucky, you might catch a glimpse if some wildlife!
Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings.
Per dollar, your not going to find any better food close by.
pretty much everything you could ask for.
It amazes me that hotel reviews rarely mention the bed.
My grandfather had the halibut and loved it...
it's gone up from last year but they have almost doubled in size so I can't complain here.
But if you go there knowing what to expect, you won't be disappointed.\nCheck their name of the day, you get a free meal!
The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel in an ideal location of Pittsburg.
The sales staff here is helpful, but they will tell you that you look great in everything you try on (even if maybe you don't).
Believe me, that's a talent in its own given the amount of products they have here.\nPersonally I think SC should put Frugal MacDoogal down as a tourist attraction.
If you're looking for a charming restaurant for a nice evening out, Louisianne's is the place.
\nThey have really good prices on tea, and they sell coffee too!
My dog is an escape artist and does use his teeth to get out of the kennel, the staff figured out a creative way to keep him in and now his teeth aren't silver.
The drinks are great and inexpensive and there are always great people to meet there.\n\nI miss the pickles.
The Cabernet reduction that they came DOUSED in was a bit too rich.
I once had to buy a dress in a hurry, and the person assisting me picked out three candidates (all on sale) and offered me her honest opinion about which one looked good on me.
We have never been disappointed with anything we've ordered, entrees to side dishes or deserts.
I seriously CRAVE a true, good NY Reuben, but since I can't afford to travel right now, what I find in da burgh will have to do.
Shuttle service (complimentary) can take you anywhere in the city (but not the airport).
This is a guest review from my wife Jodi, who grew up within walking distance of the Little Pink Doughnut Shop and came here often on her way to school and on weekends.\n\n\""Best doughnuts created by man.
It was exactly what you'd want when enjoying a plain ol' piece of pizza.\n\nI'll definitely keep this place's super quick service, relatively cheap prices and impressive portion sizes in mind from now on - it's good to know that there are places you can get into while downtown like this, and from what I'm hearing/reading it's worth exploring the menu and eating something other than pizza here.
My husband got a chicken parm sandwich, which is served on a yummy flat bread, and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it!
She went out of her way to make sure I had a good experience and that says a lot.
He calmed my pets down and they loved him immediately, even falling asleep during the exam.
Yavorski, who was sweet, encouraging and calm at all times - well, except for my last appointment when it seemed labor was imminent (it was) - then she was appropriately excited.
\nIf you see an older pilot, don't try to be nice to them.
Feeling unadventurous, we decided to order their (famous) wedding soup, a cheese pizza and a sausage calzone to be able to try a few of the classics.
The soup was delicious and it sure didn't taste canned.
It took me a while to gain an appreciation for it, but now that I have I have been looking for places that can offer a unique beer drinking experience.
I don't know why this place got such low ratings but I was pleased.
You want some smoked salmon and mushrooms folded into your freshly made omelet?
This a great place for a quick lunch in uptown Charlotte.
Decent coffee - far and away better than other chains.
There is a fireplace in the front room that I wish we could have been seated near.
Agree with another reviewer that the servings were generous and tasty.
Malaya had a lovely selection of vegetarian dishes from multiple cultures.
Definitely recommend this place for a date night :) pricey?
Yes, the airport is a bit stretched out for the numbers of overall gates, but it allows for nice atriums, spaces to chill, and more restaurants and other amenities for travelers.
This is a good restaurant, one of the best Big Burrito spots...
Who knew you had such a refined and sexy dining scene???\n\nWell, your good citizens, that's who.
A big item is that you have free WiFi!
But I thought it was well worth it.\n\nThe wait staff was great.
Great venue for a wedding - I attended a couple of weddings here and the chapel is very quaint.
Though the game was horrible, the bar was great!
Fried Rice and Hot & Sour soup.\nWe have not been able to find good Chinese in North Florida.
The pizzas are big, there are a ton of toppings, and the sauce is sweet in a good way.
I am not one of those people who likes to send food back to the kitchen for obvious reasons but this time I did.
I would definitely recommend these guys if you need bodywork or paint work done.
I was very happy with the amount of food and the quality for the price
Being a comforted by food person, this did the trick when we most needed it.
The American fries are great, as is the french toast.
They have the best pancakes and freshly squeezed orange juice that I've ever had.
And everything worked, AC, toilet, shower, sink, so I have nothing to complain about.
She brought me back that best Ribeye I have had in a very long time.
They looked as good as the day I bought them.
The owners are friendly and helpful.
I wanted to do a lot of the wedding myself and they were happy to allow me to drop off the drink mixes store before the wedding, as well as using my DIY place settings.
\n\nThe pizza was still hot and extremely GOOD - we even offered his nurse a piece and she gladly acceptedl.
Lunch plates usually run between $4-$7, so it's super cheap.
So you're basically getting, at normal bar food prices, truly excellent bar food.
She was bright, friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.
I am a history fan...so when a friend told me about this I made sure he took me to go see it.
\""I can only speak for the pizza, but have it on good authority that the same attention to quality, fresh ingredients is extended to the entire menu.
They've always been helpful and friendly.
Upstream is a great location for fresh seafood.
HUGE improvement from my first review.
They were staring to play trivia as we were finishing.
Hmmm?\n\nThe service is excellent, the atmosphere is warm, the food is filling, the prices are reasonable, and you'll feel like part of the family.\n\nDas Waldhorn ist ausgezeichnet!
But for the price it wasn't bad.
It's a great venue because you're in the middle of Uptown's skylines and have a really unique view of the city.
(not your food, they taste the food as it is prepared.
We were hoping for a little more time, but after going to lunch it just got a bit closer than planned.\n\nWe were greeted at the front desk and we were told to head downstairs and an attendant will help us once we got there.
The chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings.
Burgers and Pizza are always a fantastic choice.
A staff member at my hotel recommended this place.
It's bar fare, but very good.
I had been in here pre-Sandlot days and wasn't impressed but this \""make-over\"" is proving positive.\n\nKey points:\n - waitress was great, offered tastes of beer to help my decision\n - perch and cod, both good and plenty of it\n - pub fries were great, not overcooked like so may places\n - echoing other compliments on the beer selection, nice\n - fine for the kids too, at least earlier around dinner time (5-7)\n\nI'd come back to try non-fish fry some night.
Resek was amazingly patient and kind, and gave us the time and space we needed.
With a HUGE selection of coffee, fresh baked goods from local vendors, friendly staff, and a humidor for the casual cigar aficionado, there's a little something for everyone.
What little pieces of crispy, shrimp heaven.
Very yummy :) great with kids..
Dilly, lemony, a bit sour, stuffed with rice...I love these things here.
Cigar lounge that truly deserves the name.
What a Frick-ing fantastic place!\n\nThe Frick Art & Historical Center has all the bases covered when it comes to museums: historical site, visual art, beautiful grounds, classic cars and buggies, restaurant, greenhouse.
It's hard to hear what some of the actors are singing due to being way up at the top and not being able to read their lips.
The very nice teller took care of my certified check in 5 minutes and directed me to their notary just a moment later.
Great service, great food, great drinks.
The soup though was very good overall, with chunks of meat and potatoes floating in the mix.
Staff are marvelous, friendly, and know people by name (as well as learn your orders and take them before paying, if you come often enough).
They work well and always cater to the skin type of who they're working on.
You might want to be mindful of that in case you're looking to dine in.
The staff will check your parking ticket to make sure you parked in a qualifying deck and will then sell you a $5 ticket to get out after the show is over.
Yeah, I want that, that, that and THAT!\n\nMy friend also mentioned that they have a Chicken Parm special one day of the week that is only served UNTIL 4 pm, and that it is fantastic.
They had rum tastings going on that day (I mean, who turns down a chance to try free booze??), so I tried some of the rum varieties they had out.
Thankfully it was nice outside and they did have a couple of seats in front although that left us subjected to the cigarette smoke of the workers and a crazy group of loud people right next to us.\n\nFor our dinner we decided to order a XL cheese pizza and also a large white pizza.
I spent my 36th birthday at D&B's and it was a wise decision!
Have only had the Hamburger/Cheese/Bacon w/ fries but huge portions and great price.
Today's review is for the floral shop at Metcalfe's - I worked with Sally Rossmiller for flowers for my wedding, and she absolutely outdid herself with the arrangements she created!
\n\nAlso, their cost was very fair.
It's picturesque, interesting and, of course, quite quiet!
I assure you, you will not leave disappointed!
\n\nThe staff is very friendly, the.
\n\nLunch for the two of us was less than $20 and were super full.
\n\nWe stayed in the Mentor room, which was spacious and had a hot tub but no shower, so I used the shared shower across the hall since there weren't many guests during that weekend.
I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb.
Membership includes free gun rental which allows the customer to 'try out' a variety of guns before making any purchase.
The coleslaw isn't quite what I expected, so if you're a fan of creamy coleslaw, skip it.
One of the best fast-food Chinese places I've ever eaten at.
It was light and refreshing and a perfect compliment to our appetizers.
\nIf you get hungry and have time to eat, the cafeteria had very good choices.
Excellent cocktail menu first of all, followed by an excting dinner menu that has not failed yet.
Hello!\n\nI work pretty close to Whole Foods so I frequent it about 3-4 times a week for lunch.
The ribs are cooked Southern style, and just the way I love them.
Pretty good though for a quicky snack.
As always, they were pretty good - tasted way more fresh than the chips at El Toro/Dos Reales.
There were no surprises, and we left pleased with the whole transaction.\n\nI am glad we checked out this dealership - would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a Toyota vehicle.
I thought they tasted great if not a tad salty.
And a nice ambiance for a Saturday night!
But Primanti Bros., aside from being at the top of everyone's recommendation list for places to eat, just oozes personality, and to boot, it's a fun place to just chill and get a damn good meal.\n\nThe whole french-fries-and-coleslaw-stuffed-into-a-sandwich thing would only be gimmicky if it weren't freakin' delicious.
it was very tasty, and was a decent sized portion for sure!
That being said their is a pretty decent mexican concept in the form of Salsarita's as well as decent BBQ.
Fortunately, I think the staff finally figured out that two beers basically equals the cost of a sandwich (so what's the difference) and we got a nice row of tables.
Great price for a huge sandwich.\n\nGrilled Panini ($6.49)~ It was the panini of the week, not sure what it was.
We love the magic behind the mirrors in the bathroom.
And I'm glad I did.\n\nThe way the airport is laid out in general is cool.
\n\nSmokey Bones is more like a great place to drink and watch sports on any number of televisions that are all over the place.
Nice guy, too.\n\nThe service took a little longer than expected, but not too bad.
Through a series of events, it became clear that they were dishonest and only interested in selling tires at all costs, so I opted to wait to visit Urbana Tire on Monday when they opened.
It's not usual that a trip to the eye doctor is actually an enjoyable experience, but here it is.
As others have said, Don's a great bartender too.\n\nCash only, 'natch.
The Fresh Market is a cool little store with tons of fresh meats, produce and bakery goods.
Wednesdays were always pint nights, where you get a glass included to take home!\nA lot has probably changed, but i'm sure its the same great friendly atmosphere, with incredible friends, and great beer.
I've not yet been to other Mexican restaurants in the area, so I can't say if this is really the best local option.\n\nHowever, based on my experience I would say that it is indeed a solid choice.
My filet was cooked well and tender.
There were 6 in our party and everyone had a great meal.
We had one of her birthday dinners, a new year's eve dinner, some get-together with colleagues, and it was a good experience every time.
Everyone was friendly and from my perch on the bar it seemed everyone had mixed drinks in hand so I joined in with my signature dirty martini.
I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal.
I'd say it's vintage bookstore chic, but your opinion and description may differ.
If you are a homebrewer like myself, having a local place for supplies and knowledge is key.
Soon enough, I found not one but two pairs of Reefs and was happily on my way to check out.
I highly suggest you call Holly if you want the best service in town!\n\nGreg Smithj
I don't typically like chicken on the bone or dark meat but I dove right in and I am glad I did, this place is the real deal.
I like that Bucks dosent waste their money on niceties like pizza boxes, delivery, or operating out of somewhere other than an old defunct car wash.
That should say something.\nMy love for Whole Foods resides in the Organic Salad Bar, and Prepared Foods section.
You can always order more later if you are still hungry.\n\nI love the Pinot Gris by the glass from the Willamette Valley.
One of the first things I did when I had a little free time after moving to PIttsburgh was to locate a good CD store.
The chicken satay appetizer is juicy and I love the slaw and peanut sauce it comes with.
\n\nNow, I have been working on my Cantonese, but it's not great...so I will explain my favorite dishes using my lame english terms.
I've had almost everything on the menu and loved it all.
The ambience was classy but not stuffy.
Great food with Bojangles, Krispy Kreme and JJRs BBQ.
My partner and I went there for dinner on New Years Eve and for Valentines Day, we had so much fun.
Just don't make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus and having to ride for an extra 30 min because you got on the wrong way :) Also, it's nice that even the off-campus buses are free for students.
The airport in general gets a solid 3 stars (A-Ok)...
He seemed to enjoy his selection.
They specialize in Turkish Pizzas (Pide) and wow they are good.
This love affair has now extended to the Korean culture and language.
I've tried many things here and have never had anything bad.
\nI'll be back for sure; but next time I'll bring the sunshine.
They have the biggest selection of 'no chip' shellac nail colors, the most staff, the most pedicure chairs, and are fast and efficient.
Truly one of the best curries I've ever had.
But, how many grocery stores do you go to that play classical music?
Fantastic service, incredibly inexpensive, surprisingly tasty - that pretty much sums it up.
Only went here once about a year and a half ago, but they had great pancakes!
\n\nThe bar food is quality -- I highly recommend the fried zucchini.
Cajun Queen is in an old house in the Elizabeth community (my community) and has great ambiance.
Since the move from NY, I'd been really craving some quality, New York-style pizza, and hadn't had a ton of luck finding any (although the search introduced me to some excellent \""Pittsburgh-style\"" pizza joints, so I'm not complaining.) \n\nVilla Reale really came through.\n\nI loved that you could order a slice with basically whatever toppings you wanted (I'm used to being at the mercy of whatever \""slice\"" pie has been languishing under a heat lamp for 3 hours).
I dread graduating and moving from the area because I know I it will be impossible to find another vet that comes anywhere near the quality of Caring Hands.
However, I understand that it takes money and such to build a big airport instead of a small airport to become technology friendly through the building and inputting of charging stations and more outlets to deal with the amount of charging of phones and such people would need to do in-between flights.
The fries were awesome - batter-dipped, super hot, crispy and just salty enough to not need extra.
Best Japanese food 8 charlotte and authentic.
Located right on the river, the balcony views from the upper tiers of the center are pretty fantastic.
Little did I know I could get a delicious, warm, and fresh vegetable hummus pita across the street for a little over a dollar.
I wished they served their own food, but its good that you can order from nearby pizza places etc.
I'm well overdue for an update of this place, as it slowly became one of my regular spots in Pittsburgh since the review of my first visit.\n\nHere's what you need to know: This is the most authentic pizza in Pittsburgh.
The potstickers are also very good.
Actually wish i didn't get the chicken (even though it was super tender), I just didn't get as much rice...which probably would have been really good with the sauces.
Definitely a must for any guest.
I love the atmosphere of this place, very laid back, cozy, inviting.
The one from the east was very sweet, as fresh seafood should be.
I always love coming to the Benedum.
Very casual, comfortable place, a little further off campus.
I think I like Charlotte's airport, actually.\n\nSince I've only been here for connections, I can't comment on the check in area or the security checkpoint.
The restaurant itself is small and no-frills (Indian shabby chic, you might call it), but they have a big table in the middle suitable for large parties.
i travel a lot and no matter what city i find myself in, i make sure to hit up a bbq spot at least once during the trip.
Whether the place was crowded or less busy, there was no variation in the high quality of food and the speed and friendliness of service, a rare accomplishment.
They don't just stop at cable, however.
the water park is fun too!
OK, so I admit that I was underwhelmed by Cafe Zinho when I first went, a few years ago.
Lobby looks very clean and nice, staff are friendly, the hallway on the 8th floor is bright, clean and feels cool, not warm and muggy like some hotels.
The facility is clean and up to date.
However the octopus has a real nice char, and was full of great well rounded flavors.
But I also love it for myself too!
I do like that they have a variety of shops and food outlets to choose from, especially a full Chili's in the airport.
We really enjoyed the rest of the game.
I've been going here for about three years and had some fine meals, but today was over the top.
But you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!
We were visiting from out of state and felt like Mexican.
The washes are definitely way better.
The only change I could think of would be to put on some soft easy listening music.
It's just the right texture, it's nice and herby and deliciously buttery.
\n\nMake sure to check out the men's room (men and women alike) as Bubba, who is there most days, will give you a good laugh at his creation.
The fries are the thin, super crispy kind (Think BK...but better.
The staff is excellent about communicating with owners about even minor changes in your dog's behavior and simply giving you updates about how your dog's socialization and adjustment.
I thought everything was quite good (though my white rice was cold, but that is what I get for not ordering fried rice like everyone else at the table).
If you are planning on parking at the airport, leave plenty of time to actually get to the airport because the shuttle service is quite inefficient.\nBut for those making connections through CLT, enjoy your short stay :)
(Colder than Mexico) The carnitas tacos were fantastic!
When you walk into the theater, the seats are comfy and no matter where you chose you have a good view of the stage...I appreciated that very much!
It's a great stop for a longish lunch break.
\n\nI first want to say that it was a pleasure to work with everyone!
It is not a place to go on the cheap though, so be prepared to spend a little cash.
I have to say that UIUC did its job.\n\nCome here for memorable experiences and lifelong friends.
Did noticed it seems like it's in a area that's being run down, many buildings around it closed down and gated.\nTypical long stay hotel layout, everything is spread out.\nI was on the first floor by the pool (which has a separate exit to the pool from the room) but you can hear EVERYTHING going on outside since the sidewalk runs by it.
I've been here twice and both times were great experiences for me despite the bad reviews on here.\n\nThis location does get ridiculously packed all the time for some reason.
I wanted to tear a page out and hand it to the waitress and ask her to bring me this.
I wish I could get one right now...
And obviously I will have to eat there in the future, as I'm seeing several other great reviews
\n\nAll of the dishes are served with great flavors from their pastas to their duck but their signature Arugula salad is a reason in and of itself to visit.
I had quite a bit of laundry one day, and the attendant gave me a very good deal in addition to the 10 lbs free.
It's easy to lose track of time as you wander up and down the narrow aisles.
Really good wings, delivered quickly, but a little over priced.
The ambience is really nice-- it has an intimate, yet warm, homey feel to it, which is good if you want to go for a date or with your family.
Peppi's 2, Pep Boys 0.\n\nThis place has some of the best subs in Western PA, especially the delicious and appropriately named Roethlisburger, my favourite!
They have updated their menus so that the good stuff can be read in English now.
It was well done, but I felt like it was simply too huge a portion to really be an appetizer/salad.
Service was aiiiiiight considering it was a large party, but it coulda been better.
Absolutely the best place to get a delicious Reuben and brew fries in town!
\n\nJust recently bought a King Cake for Fat Tuesday, and it was by far the best I've ever had and very affordable.\n\nStop by for snack!
Small but enjoyable museum that's perfect for a fun afternoon with the kids.
The beer garden is a great place to enjoy a cold brew, sunshine and live music in the summer time.
The event itself was beautiful and the food was really great.
Braised Fish is delicious as always, but I would be perfect with a little spice.
Solid Italian food, great atmosphere both inside and out, and family owned and run.
I agreed and am so glad I did.
A wonderful \""corner bar\"" kind of atmosphere makes it THE place to take people in from out of town.
#1 - faux meat on a menu is a huge plus for me, I just love it, and I don't care to hear comments like \""if you are a vegetarian, why would you eat something that is meant to taste and look like meat?\"" Shut up.
Monty's mostly knows when to use seitan, beans, walnut burgers, tofu and has a nice variety.\n\nThey're often busy, so don't go if you can't wait.
Seemed like it didn't have any seafood in it.
It is also a really good place to go with large groups because they have plenty of space, there is never a wait, and they can accommodate very large groups at one table.
Kristen Ehmann welcomed us from the start.
This airport also offers some great food selections and shops so you can stock up on supplies for the next leg of your trip.
I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors.
However there were very few servers around and the service was'nt great either..
If you are up in Charlotte, I wouldn't both coming all the way down.\n\nStaff's always been friendly, and one of the big guys there always seems to remember what I ordered last time, even if it's been a few weeks.
But I couldn't stop tasting the sauce.
I've been meaning to try Umi for what seems like forever, since I am a huge fan of Soba downstairs.
\nTrust Arts gets a great selection of shows to come to Pittsburgh so you can see a great Broadway series production in your hometown or if you visit Pittsburgh.
I will definitely be returning soon, for a first time experience I give five stars!
I've tried many I wasn't satisfied with, but their soup had a wonderful, vibrant flavor.
Pancakes are good, but are really sweet like a donut.
We even got to meet the chef/owner Bruce, who is very friendly, which was an added plus.
Upon arrival, you are greeted with an overflowing basket of chips, salsa and some other white sort of cheese - sort of ranch dressing/sauce.
I recommend bringing your own bags and using cash or a debit card.
I am a comlplete fan, in particular of their cheese section, which in many ways is the world's best.
free samples of a lot of different things.
So we were pretty excited to learn they were opening an airport location.
The price they charged me was much less than I expected, and I can honestly say it was the BEST car repair experience I have ever had.\nPlease take your car to these guys with confidence.
No, I lied, they're not gourmet, they're the frozen kind and they're awful, why would they charge so much for them?\nHowever, this place is fantastic!
Family owned and has great atmosphere!
The steak and lobster were both delicious, though.\n\nThe service was impeccable.
I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami.
Our service was wonderful and the waitstaff was incredibly attentive.
Very cool place to relax and enjoy a good drink.
Whether I order a drink and read a book for an hour, or come with friends and dine sumptuously, I know I'll never feel rushed and will enjoy my visit.
\nAs recommended I made a reservation, and was seated immediately.
So, when we landed we of course drove right over (after being awake all night on a red eye flight) so that I could taste all that is awesome in Beto's pizza slices.
It was good, but the bun was dry and stale.
I always find a spot to park on 3rd street and when it's nice and warm out; eating outside just makes it all worthwhile.
And the service was great, too - I was worried that not being a local/regular might work against me, but our server was very friendly and helped to make this a great lunch experience.
Now my sister makes fun f me for going so often.
Also the egg roll isn't greasy but always crispy and fresh so I highly recommend.\n\nWe usually order the chicken with garlic sauce and a beef dish and haven't been disappointed.
For simple natural glowing skin though - La Pomponee is the way to go.\n\nTrust.
I get to experience two of my favorite words here: CHEAP BRUNCH.
Recommended as a good date night place by a coworker.
Their grilled chicken (#30 something) is perfect for people who dislike pho.
\n\nWe ordered the Brewery chicken nachos and Southwest egg rolls, both were delicious!
It makes a dish that has become boring in most other places truly exciting.
The selection is amazing, and the staff could not be more helpful.
He was great to work with and made the whole process so easy.
As there were around 50 when I was there, the room looked full but you could still get to the bar for a drink, which is always a good thing.
My friend introduced me to Zorba's, I love their special, it keeps me awake at night, drooling for it...\n\nFries are good as well, overall great experience.
The pace is slower than some restaurants, but it's worth the extra time.
Depending on your view towards art - this place can be pretty interesting with their showcase of some unconventional art piece.
The flavor was very good, and I'd definitely order it when I return.\n\nService was friendly, if a bit slow.
Friendly reminder: beer sales stop after the third quarter.
The artwork on the walls were fun to look at.
The restaurant is ALWAYS busy and for good reason--the food is great!\n\nIs this authentic Italian food?
And the service has always been excellent.
Even better, they have drinks available if interested.
What I found surprising is that no one knew about their unlimited and FREE toppings list.
I appreciate all the trouble he went through to help me take care of this problem.
Every need was met before we could even ask.\n\nI started out with the Orange Dreamsicle martini, and while it was on the sweet side, it was delicious!
\n\nOne great thing about this place is that you can stop in and grab a slice or two if you're in a hurry.
I pretty much always get the chicken quesadilla which is awesome, so I really can't comment on anything else.
One of the best Spicy Tuna rolls in town.
The lady's room and its changing station were very clean.
Definitely could use an overhaul in my opinion, but then again there were quite a few old ladies there, so maybe they just know their crowd.
They have very impressive operations to handle the heavy foot traffics during lunch hours.
Great food and wide selection of draft beers.
The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.
On top of it, the atmosphere gives you a feel to what our culture at U of I is like.
The food is good for the price level, and eating on the 2nd floor patio which looks onto the Hearst plaza is a great experience during the warmer months.
It's the best Chinese on this side of town.
The bacon and was quite a bit better.\n\nThe Not So Good: Dinner was decent but still left a bit to be desired as far as seasoning and interesting flavors to their dishes.
So obviously, we were well attended to and the staff seemed happy to have us there.
For being a smal city Charlotte has a pretty effcient Airport.
And don't forget the fizzy bath salts or the stick-on mustaches.
The manager (I assume) was quite nice, but our server was not very attentive.
The dining room may be cluttered with old photos, objects representing Greek culture and other oddities, but again that's part of the charm.
There isn't any other affordable place in town to support my cravings.
The GF and I have done this for the last 2 years and love it.
Fish is always fresh, lobster is delicate and tasty, and surprisingly the steak is amazing as well.
Even though it's right in the middle of the main thoroughfare, it still feels like a quiet escape.
Internet access was free and there was a desk in the room.
\n\nTwo types of complimentary cornbread (sweet and additionally peach & bourbon served with sweet kudzu butter) - yum!
Which is fine, I guess, but for $19?
So delicious and it all came out of the kitchen pretty quickly.\n\nI love reading their menu.
However, to be fair, this was more of an expectation issue on my part since the description of the sundae didn't say anything about chocolate ice cream or fudge, so I can't blame the proprietor for this.
They have this dish called the diner stack....wow\n\nhashbrowns, two eggs, sausage patty, and gravy....all on top of each other.
I wouldn't say that it's the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it definitely is one of the best Chinese places in Charlotte.
It is like a show and dinner.
We really enjoyed our experience and would be back in a flash.
The fried chicken livers are so tender and good.
The staff are friendly and you don't wait long for your food.
Service was friendly, if a bit rushed.
I know they do not mean to do it on purpose, but they get so busy they forget something that could be so important if I get a flat tire.
On stage, they have a huge projection screen that shows the game & they play the game audio through the speakers.
I'm a huge cilantro fan and you can tell they make their salsa fresh (not out of the bottle).\n\nI had a chicken taco salad and was surprised at how big the lunch portion was.
But I gave them the benefit of a doubt, made my way in the door no one wanting to move, or being nice enough to do so.
I've just moved to Champaign and even though I've only been here a few weeks, this bar makes me feel at home.
Truly, the perfect complement to the sandwich.
It was such an exciting atmosphere.
But this was a little better.
This is a real nice sushi shop.
This is a good place to go for a quick lunch.
My recommendation, however, is to go to Campitis (a few blocks away, on Potomac Ave in Dormont) if it's not too late, as they have the best pizza in Dormont.
I'd also like to try some entrees but we were there just for sushi.\n\nWill definitely go again.
I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here.
I swear they must sneak my grandmother down from heaven to work in the kitchen.
I picked up a full plush pillow-top mattress for a cool $375 (without a box spring or a frame, since I already had one).
In both locations I've encountered very nice sales staff.\n\nYou cannot go wrong with buying me something at this store!
The selection on lager and ales on tap as well as in the 'beer cave' make this place one of a kind.
\n\nGood entrees, good service, and really not as expensive as I thought it would be.
I once said I had never had a bad experience at this place.
and the owners/cooks are quite friendly.
SPP is a lot of fun but never lasts long at any one stop in Madison (first played it at the Plaza this past summer) because it always has mechanical issues going on.
I stayed at this location about a month ago and my stay was very pleasant.
He's got some very interesting wines of which he's anxious to share tastes.
When you're running out of date night locations and your significant other is getting tired of Domino's cheap weekday carryout deals, it's time to treat her to a fancy restaurant.
Everything about this place just exudes class and a stylish subtle comfort.
It WOULD help if you have SOME knife skills and know a LITTLE of how to cook.
We were there for about 5 hours and had nothing short of a good time.
\nI've always had a clean king room and friendly, efficient service.
I had a party here last night and the banquet facilities are top notch.
The d\u00e9cor is not modern, but it still adds to the diner's charm.
Where else can you get a \""value meal\"" between to slices of bread.
Bottom line: if you do not want to be bothered with little ones running amok, you can get away at the Harris.\n\nFor me, there best selling point is both the indoor and outdoor water parks.
So since I have to spend 1-2 hour of my life every year getting pointlessly getting checked out, I'm glad I chose to do it here.
I was trying to decide whether to visit the Carnegie Museum of Art or the Museum of Natural History, and decided to go with the art museum first.
While the flavor on it wasn't that great, what I really loved about it was the textures that it provided.
The restroom attendant is a nice touch to make sure it's clean, and the greeting is nice.
As a Select Guest member, my Wifi internet connection was free (the hotel otherwise charges $9.95) and the connection was decent.
But the fries, the fries win my seal of approval!
We will definitely come back for food&drinks only.
It was just very laid back and, well, French!
I have to say, the staff really went out of their way to make sure everything was smooth, from check-in to check-out.
As \""Justin A\"" pointed out in his review, they have charging centers for your electronics which I love.
This is the best Max and Erma's I've been to in PIttsburgh.
This coffeeshop is a winner.\n\nThey have deli foods, which always have a happy line, but I've never managed to try them.
I feel like this is some of the only German food in Pittsburgh, and I think it represents fairly well.
actually, city workers could give them some tips on efficiency...
This place is great for birthdays.
The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.
I completely didn't realize that a 20% gratuity was already included on top of the room service fee.
For the main course I had the horseradish-crusted salmon, which was very good.
It's a great escape from the bro-scene that is most of Walnut St.
They are funny and know how to keep a crowd entertained.
Service: Our server was nice enough - nothing amazing, but was attentive and we never found ourselves lacking for anything.\n\nAtmosphere: While I felt it's a little run-down on the inside, it didn't bother me on a cold, winter day because it was warm and inviting.
I don't care much for beer or oysters to judge (I suck), but the rest of the party raved about both.
The texture was perfect, and the eggs made it such a moist bread.
The flavor is very robust and Espresso tends toward a darker roast.\n\nFavorite to drink: Hazelnut Americano.\n\nHaven't been back for awhile, but it's a must-see-stop whenever I'm back in the Chambana area.
I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.
Amazing Two Fish Tempura Fat Roll...one of the best things I've tasted, seriously.\nExcellent Thai Corn Chowder.\nIncredible Black Cod.\nThis place does Asian Fusion well!
I would love to indulge by eating here again.
Morgan was my server and she was super fantastic.
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.
I am so happy they got rid of those awful bar stools!!!
This place is truly a Yinzer's dream!!
I like to eat healthily for lunch so I don't feel like I'm in a food coma after, and they have many healthy options.
I think that I might have just gotten a bad scoop, because my friend who had it really liked his.
\n\nThey also have an online menu to order from, which is amazing!
Superb low country cuisine!\nI wanted to eat everything on the menu and nearly did.
I have followed friends advice, magazine reviews, etc., etc.
I highly recommend donating school supplies or volunteering time at Classroom Central.
That's attention to detail.\n\nSue was great when we went on to make the deal - she was clear, concise, and was not pushy.
You did not steer me wrong.
I would recommend taking your coffee lover friend here, they will surely appreciate the quality.
Hands down my favorite place for Chinese food in Madison.
Wow, this antique mall seems to go on and on forever.
Like the rocking chairs too--seems other people really enjoy them as there was rarely one open.
Four stars only because my ideal B&B would be on a farm, where I can enjoy produce and eggs from the land itself.
They cook it fresh after you place an order.
Other than it being crowded there was not much else in the dining room to look, just some table and chairs as well as some pictures on the walls.\n\nFor dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start of the evening with the polenta to share.
It is rare for a big chain store to be so dog and barefoot friendly!
The warm red sauce they served with the burrito was smoky and yummy!
If you're looking for authentic Panthers jerseys or other NFL team memorabilia, the team store, located in the stadium, is a great start.
Basically the totally opposite of Newark Liberty Airport.\n\nClean and well-lit.
So they definitely earned some goodwill back with that.\n\nIt helps that the food hasn't let me down yet - it always comes out cooked well and seasoned well, and I always enjoy every bite.
after it comes out of the oven it is sliced and heaped with more cheese and what ever topping you want.
And there was a friggin' pianist playing jazzed up holiday tunes on a grand piano.
\n\nOur experience with the Amtrak is best described as laid back.
Alone!\n\nSo I had me a good ol' fashioned cheeseburger and fries with some coleslaw.
I asked for a recommendation on a cheese selection her choice of a local goat cheese was fabulous.
\n\nI thought the service was good..
Seems like Soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though.
For $10, how can't it be \""As good as it gets?\""\n\nIf you like pie, also make sure to get a slice.
Need paint, window blinds, household items, electrical items, Rolliers has it.\n\nThe staff just assisted teaching me in how to repair a few items and help save me a ton of $'s!
Best pizza in the North Boros.
The chicken breasts where ridiculously juicy The mac and cheese reminded me of the extra fattening goodness that only someone that learned a recipe that has stood the test of time.
\n\nThe baggage claim area has a good system going as long as you familiarize yourself with the zones.
I would highly recommend Kirch Appliance to someone on a budget or looking for a great value!
The bartender got me another iced tea and then spent a few more minutes of admiring the place.
Yes, this gem of a museum in our city is pretty frickin' cool if you ask me.
Best Green Curry in the city.\n\nWe've been there twice, once for lunch, and once for dinner.
The way the concierge at the hotel spoke of it, it sounded like it was going to be expensive and busy.\n\nBut I was pleasantly surprised to see entrees that weren't too expensive and a very comfortable atmosphere!
With most everything available vegetarian, the low prices and friendly service at this little strip-mall establishment made my lunch memorable.
Nice spicy flavor, with a ton of rosemary.
The decor is really nice and the food is amazing.
\n\nFor starters, they had an assortment of small biscuit sandwiches that looked like mini-ham sandwiches.
My facialist was so lovely and warm and she massaged love and kindness into my skin using Aveda's magical all natural products.
but definitely a great dinner place as well.
Can't comment on check in or TSA but it's easy to get around and people are friendly....and theres rocking chairs!
I've been to Mortons all over the country and this one stacks up pretty well.
I gave 4 stars and not 5 only due to it not being an amazing environment...but for food only, definitely a 5 star!\nHaven't left Pitt yet but already excited for a return trip for more yummy Thai!
(i'm not a great salmon fan.) the rest of my party enjoyed dishes like the calamari appetizer and the entrees Mediterranean whole sea bass and grilled filet.
That said, I have yet to find a better thin crust in Madison.
Il Pizzaiolo serves authentic and delicious pizza and pasta.
There are places where you'd rather they stop coming but here, they know when you need them.\n\nSo, I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon.
And I don't have any complaints besides the wait.
From the chair at the front window I sat there and watched countless people walk up and down the streets of NoDa while also checking out a Kelly Slater ESPN special that was playing brought the window of Cabo Fish Taco.
Best to call for an appointment as hours are varied.
Parking is easy in the lot.
\nWhenever I'm looking for a place to hang out with my friends and catch up, the wine vault always comes to mind FIRST.
Comes with 2 pieces, but you can order a third.\n\nCrab Cakes - Didn't even think I liked crab, and this was good.
Over 1,000 beers in their beer room (all beers are warm) but they do also have a cooler which has less beers but still not a bad selection.
Had a great 5 piece perch fish fry with yummy waffle fries.
And some other types of candy as well, in old fashioned glass jars, or artfully displayed on a table.
My partner ordered the real deal and said it was delicious as well!
There's a full High Tea Service for $20 per person, which seems a little steep, but for tea service isn't too bad.
Great little touch.\n\nFrom door to check, the service was impeccable, (thanks Page!) without being stuffy.
Imagine my surprise when JB suggested we go there for dinner one night!\n\nEverything was tasty - we ordered the assorted fried platter that came with mozz sticks (pretty basic but hey!
I was able to post up in a chair, with my beer and mobile-device on the ledge and take in the show in comfort.
Right when I walked in I saw an array of freshly prepared vegetables that were on a table in the kitchen area.
Lots of options for food and lovely deco.
Some secrets are best kept secret.
He arranged a private limo service for us beautiful ladies for a great price.
He liked his Reuben a lot and the Cajun fries were good but too spicy for my tastes.
Unless you're okay with meeting random people at the bar, then by all means stay.
When I went to grad school in Chambana, Seabpat was an excellent stop for fried fish.
The beer selection is quite good, we all ordered some seasonals from various microbreweries.\nThey do have TVs, so you are able to catch a game and grab a bite if you are in the mood.
\n\nThere is also a spa within the fitness center.
I must say Rockwell did a very good job, and watching the sun set over the Allegheny River while dining on our meal was simply delightful.
If you're new to Charlotte and still adjusting to living in the New South, go to Mert's Heart & Soul in uptown.
My husband ordered the General Tsao Chicken and he was pretty pleased with what he had.
The slice was huge, the pepperoni crispy, the sauce really balanced (not too sweet, not too garlicy), the cheese fresh and delicious and the crust...oh man...thin and crisp on the outside, pillowy soft on the inside.
The Summer Rolls were as good as any others (they all taste the same) but the veggies were fresh.
Overall I had a blast here and definitely would come back.
I always feel waiting for a table is more of a positive than a negative as it usually means good things are to come.
The huge beer selection means there is something for everyone.
It's still not bad, though, and the food is so good that I think it's worth the extra cash.
They have the best USO i have ever been to.
\n\nI prefer the bar seating as to the dining room, but this is a good way to separate the family dining from those of us without kiddos.
We felt very welcomed and were happy with all the answers.
I thought I'd provide an updated review!\n\nThe place is still awesome.
Who doesn't like a hot cup of coffee and comfort food :) Yummo to this place!
Treats you like a local.Eaten here 3 times a week for a month.
Awesome food, fresh and the staff was even better.
At this point, I'm really confident in going to MCN and getting a great cut, and will definitely go back.
The experience will definitely leave you feeling pampered...
Very warm and of course a lot of history!
The rooms are standard with all the normal Westin perks, such as a bathrobe, dual shower heads, and heavenly beds.
You could probably substitute the side, but why would you want to?\n\nIf you're hungry when you arrive and can't wait for a burger (or if you are Catholic and grace this place on a Friday during Lent), I enjoy the Seafood Chowder -- rich and creamy with chunks of seafood and just the right combination of seasonings.
Would get pastrami next time for sure.
Our bartender was engaging without being omnipresent, and after about 20 minutes, more people started to filter into the bar area, which was cozy - there were not only stools at the bar, but also comfy looking loveseats and chairs around the perimeter - and almost had a Tuscan feel.\n\nAfter our drink, we moved into the dining room and got the best seat in the house!
Likely to have a gorgeous view of the river, bridges, and stadiums (directly across the river from PNC Park), easy parking (valet or parking garage directly across the street) .
Also they working on the pool deck area so we could not go out and relax on the deck on some of the most awesome sunny days.\n\nThe maids did and awesome job every day !
\n\nOne thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating.
I would definitely go back and recommend to anyone wanting to have more than just your average dinner at applebees :)
\n\nAs a side note as we were walking out every single employee that we passes said, \""Thank you, have a great day.\""
Definitely more of a take-out place.
Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.\n\nBut they are helpful and efficient.
Very expensive for a college student, but quite good.\nI would recommend this if you enjoy European food in general.
That exhibit alone definitely would warrant 5 stars if it could be reviewed separately.
There are many nice \""extras\"" such as free beverages (water, etc) in the lobby and I was even offered an iPod to listen to music when I had a filling done.
My husband's corned beef was an interesting mix of fresh corn beef with a spicy kick and firm potatoes - a winner.
I wasn't sure how salvageable it was, and he was honest in telling me that my paint was too thin to try polish on (would rub the last of the paint off), but he did give me some recommendations on how to keep what paint I have left on the truck for years to come.
\n\nVery honest and upfront about the work he did, too...typical Pittsburgher who knows his stuff.
Wonderful surprise in the South Hills desert of chain eateries.
Kitchen was just wrapping up a re-model, but they extended happy hour to accommodate and the food was pretty darn good.\n\nThe happy hour specials were a great deal and the staff was really nice.
It is grunge city in the middle of the ghetto, which makes it the best place to catch some hardcore rock!
Also, if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers.
Also, they have Evian and Orangina, which is always nice.
It was cooked perfectly and so the shell had a great crispy exterior while the interior with the vegetables had a softer texture.
But it is plentiful and delicious.
\n\nAnyway, in terms of produce this place is awesome.
Dad had the tortilla soup (I know; odd choice) and he liked it quite a bit.
I then opened the menu, scanned looking for those select bar items to pair with my great beer.
Great food (most of the time) and fast.
The chai milkshakes are amazing, as are all of their drinks.
Just wish it was closer to my side of town.
Shocking really at any buffet, but especially at a buffet where the food is as good as it is here.
FYI: they'll make it with soy milk if you ask.
The potatoes /home fries were awesome & as another reviewer mentioned it feels as if every bite is different (&fabulous).
The bartenders are almost always lovely (only had one wacky one so far) and the patrons are delightful.
Didn't feel too cramped like some stores.
The delivery is fast and consistently good.
\n\ni'm actually leaving on sunday for yet another trip and i can say, without fail, on bbq night, one of my travel buddies at the table will ask, \""so...
That being said it was very nice inside.
\n\nI feel like the prices are fine, although I don't have much to compare them to.
If you are craving good ole soul food - aka southern \""comfort foods\"" this place is a must-try!
It was so good I wanted to steal his plate.
And THAT is exactly what I love.\n\nOh...but good food counts too.
It's some sort of rice-y, broth-y soup that has a somewhat peculiar color.
After walking around the Strip District, this certainly hit the spot.
The food was really good it was nice and warm so thats always a plus.
And the tuna was seared expertly, still gorgeously garnet and cool in the middle, complemented by a crunchy, nutty sesame crust and that flavorful rice.
Huge pancakes, very good omelette and waffle too.\nEven the oj tastes different.
This is probably my favorite place for breakfast in Pittsburgh.
I've been wanting to try this place for sometime and Restaurant Week was a perfect time to do it!\n\nMy friends and I made reservations for 7:30, when we arrived they greeted us and said they were just waiting for our table to be cleared and to hang out at the bar until it was ready.
This is a nice place with ample amount of space to study, read, or just play around on the internet.
Originally, Underground Food Collective seemed to be the most logical place for us, but after meeting with them and feeling like we had to change what we wanted to be \""hipster\"" enough to fit their vision and seeing the outrageous price tag that comes with their catering, we knew we had to look elsewhere.
\n\nRooms are very clean and spacious.
\n\nThe great thing is that you can pay $5 as a county resident for single visits.
If not the special, yes, the katsudon is delicious (served w/ rice and onions and an egg on top!).
Voted best veggie restaurant in madison, but half of the menu or more isnt veggie, so everyone will be happy.
I have no complaints, even if it is CASH only I think it's worth it.
I have the privilege of knowing the owner and his family well, and I can thoroughly endorse his professionalism and product satisfaction.
An excellent choice for fresh, well prepared seafood located in the Waterfront area in Homestead.
(The David, The First Date, The Pittsburgh, The American Dream, The Spicy Tuna and a Shrimp Tempura roll.) The rolls were all placed into 2 containers and none of them were labeled.
\n\nThe food is pretty good and they have a very large bar selection.
Superb service and reliably fine food from this family owned restaurant.
The prices are very reasonable, and the wait staff was friendly and approachable.
I started off with the JP Hearty Blend and was not disappointed.
When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick, cheap bite to eat.
The roasted red peppers were from a can, but were good.
The best sandwiches at amazingly great prices!
Le Mardi Gras may be in Shadyside, but it is something else entirely.\n\nMardi Gras is a true dive bar, and not just compared to what's around it--this would be divey in any neighborhood.
Pretty good laundromat, though not without it's...quirks.\n\nSince my apartment doesn't have a laundry room, this is the closest laundromat for me to wash my clothes.
I have dined at Soba more times than any other restaurant in Pittsburgh; it is my favorite!
It was one of the nicer salads that I have had with Gorgonzola, sunflower seeds and chick peas amongst the greens and a nice vinaigrette paired with it.
It's sushi, or hibachi whichever one you want to choose.
I decided to go with a dramatic look and I was very nervous (not sure how well I hid it) but Eddy was super nice and I calmed down quickly after we started chatting.
I don't know what genuis started the egg on a burger trend, but kudos to you!\nBut that's not all.
Well, that's easy, let's open yelp and find something within a reasonable walking distance.\n\nThis place pops up as one of the best within a walking distance.
\n\nThe crepes, sweet or savory are delicious!!
Just around the corner from my work, me and a few coworkers came looking for some play!
They have an upstairs lounge that is open for happy hour during the week.
Wife had a great Flat Iron on Mac & Cheese, very, very good.
I'm not sure that it will replace my usual go-to Thai spot, but it'll definitely be high on my list!
That was really unexpected and really nice!\n\nOnce I tried the raspberry stuffed french toast I loved it, really really good.
It's not huge like the Smithsonian, but it's certainly cool seeing real dinosaur bones.
Other than that the hotel was very nice
This included a delicious, and lightly spicy, Barley Risotto, some Sauteed Spinach, and some type of [fried] Potato dish.
Not super authentic but as far as Americanized Chinese food goes this place was super good.
Pizza is great and the stuffed peppers were perfect!
Pretty solid, not too expensive and open till 11:00 on weeknights.
He even took time to check with me after hours about the needed repairs and to make sure I would get the service I needed.
As the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.\n\nEmil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, VERY comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like Cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's.
Example 1: The Nook E-Reader is pretty cool and shows that it will give the Kindle a run for it's money.
\n\nMetcalfe's is pretty much Wisconsin's own version of Whole Foods.
There's something magical about this dive--even the smoke doesn't seem to bother me...Actually, it's probably the strong drinks that are responsible for that...Which may be made with magic.
They've got pretty good drink specials every night, and the menu is diverse for a sports bar.
\n\nMy friend and I split a bottle of chianti and started off with some delicious escarole and beans.
\n\nOddly enough one of my favorite things about going here besides the fish is the bread they give you.
You can get a huge grilled chicken salad with bread and tzatiki for $6.25.
The fella and I made reservations for a Saturday at 6:45 and stopped by an hour early to have a pre-dinner drink at the bar.\n\nWe walked in and were promptly greeted by the hostess and manager.
It wasn't bad, but you can get a cheaper everything if you go somewhere else.
But the service was nice, and the food is great.
It was very flavorful and I liked the charred pieces.
\n\nPros:\nFree internet\nThose rocking chairs!\nMany quick food options\nGoing through security is usually quick\n\nCons:\nIt has really expanded into a very busy airport, it is way more crowded than it was 4 years ago.
But my real deal it the \""mexican tacos\"", three of those and some great guacamole.
\n\nI called East Side, and they were very up front saying that they would be able to drive it around, check my fluid levels, and let me know what they thought.\n\nEverywhere else I had contacted was booked, and these guys came through!\n\nVery Helpful!
The best part about the place is that it's across the state line...and we know we'd rather purchase booze in SC than in NC.
However, on my most recent visit I've noticed that they increased their portion for lunch combinations.
I don't know what happened, but suddenly I was stuck with the same straight bangs I've been avoiding for years because they \""would fall better.\"" Um...no, not exactly.
\n\nAfter a few sips my friend came in and joined me.
Our server was also very attentive, she made sure our drinks were filled and checked up on us often.
The quality of the ingredients is top-notch (my tuna tar tare tasted very fresh).
\nThey know how to cook my favorite comfort food: Pad Thai and Pad See Eww perfectly.
The pizza, overall, had a sweet undertone.
Being a vegetarian it's always a challenge to find something more than salad n such on a menu.
Their coleslaw is the vinegar oil kind.
Plus, of course, you can load up on great wine by the bottle, but it's more fun to come there frequently and take the wine home one glass at a time.
My girlfriend had to pick up her new glasses from them and they were really great.
They have a good selection of beer and a giant outdoor bar area.
I do have to admit, this was a Chris Young concert though, so there may have been more people than normal.
\n\nSo, chain or not, this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.
Drinks lead to dinner - Upstream's appetizers are fantastic.
It's like they talk their language.
Total hole in the wall on East Wash in a strip mall behind some Mexican buffet, with the name People's Bakery, you'd never guess this place would have the best Middle Eastern food in Madison.
The sandwich is a perfect blend of tender meat and sauce.
My favorite items on the menu are the veggie dogs, pizza, and soft pretzels.
If you and your kids love science and nature museums, this is Charlotte's finest.
The meat itself was very tender and had a distinct juicy flavor which went perfectly with the light gravy that came with it.
\n\nFor a smaller stadium there is a really impressive amount of food and drink options.
For my fellow Detroiters it's like not going to Coney Island when friends are in town.
The store itself is chock-full of great home- and yard-improvement stuff (tools, accessories, gadgets, etc), and the prices are very fair (especially when one considers the convenience of Ace's location and the idea of supporting a local business).
This Marriott is in a great location if you have business in downtown Charlotte and they have done a good job of keeping it up to date and providing value for the money.
The wings were perfectly cooked and the glaze was really excellent.
Since I am not a huge fan of salmon I did not try my girlfriends dish but she did assure me that she enjoyed it whenever I asked her about it.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely be back in the future.
The food in the diner car was outstanding.
Even their sirloins are great and you can mostly cut with a fork.
The tour ran on the long side as far as house tours go and I'll admit I got a little antsy by the end.
Thanks Steelers for a great 2010 season, even though WE came up short in winning our seventh championship, you've made this city proud!
If only for consistency I would rate Mi Cocina a three, and with never having a bad meal I definitely would go with a high 3.5 - 4 stars.\n\nLast time I had the fried tilapia tacos, and I especially enjoyed the spicy cream-based sauce that was served on the side.
Don't get me wrong, he was a fine musician.
3.5 Stars\n\nChristos is a sort of charmingly run-down sort of place, particularly given that many of the other offerings in the Cultural District are pretty new joints.
Their nightly/weekly specials --when available are delicious, too!
I was a little surprised as she flashed the filled container to me in approval before she shut it, but looking back it was nice touch to be able to check my order right there instead of getting to my car (or home) and being disappointed.
It was supposed to be a mens night for the men and a ladies night for the ladies, but before we could go our separate ways the men realized they loved the ladies and the ladies too loved their men and so all together we decided not to deny ourselves the company of the other sex.
Now that is some good service.
Close seconds were the ceviche, raw oysters, calamari, and tuna sashimi.\n\nTwo in our party ordered steaks (what??), but fish was the main reason to be there.
I like trader Joe's better, I like whole foods better, but this place had stuff I use that the other don't.\n\nNice produce section, items seemed fresh, and plentiful.
I really enjoyed the chicken tikka, chana masala, samosa and more common dishes...but they also had a goat dish, fish, several biryanis, really nice chutneys, etc.
I'd planned on an unmedicated birth, and the doctors were all supportive.
the bar area (where smoking was legal) was too close to a lot of seats, therefore you'd inhale smoke all night and 2.
Great buffalo chichen sandwich, and a great beer selection.
Home made everything, including great family-made Greek wine.
If I had to guess, the cherries were present in syrup form perhaps on the top of the cake.
A great and refreshing way to end the meal.
Best Cajun place outside of New Orleans, by far.
O, and they came so fast, I mean I was expecting a long wait considering I ordered mine Medium Well.
We were sitting on the patio and the angle of the sun changed to shine right in our eyes, but the waiter was able to quickly move us to a better table.
This past visit...3 of us went to put names in for everyone, expecting a wait, and they pushed a huge table together, and sat the scouting party, letting them just wait for everyone else to show up.
The lady that helped me on the phone gave me a few helpful tips.
I had the traditional French toast...so yummy!
I'm a fan.\"" Hope to make it 5 after the next visit.
All of the food was truly tasty, especially when you added a bit of the \""yummy\"" sauce that the chef provided.
We have been here a number of times, and I have enjoyed it more and more each time.
\n\nThe waitress was kind and attentive and the atmosphere was laid back.
Best Chinese food I've had in nc since moving from NYC.
They were definitely edible just no where near as flavorful as the beef lo mien.
I have been known to specifically save articles of clothing because I might need to wear it to the Breakfast Club one day.
They have a good selection of local foods in pretty much every section of the store and they are easy to spot because they are market with the distance the food traveled to get there!
I went to Ri Ra a few weeks ago and had a great experience.
\nThe food is very good but you may have to shell out a few clams of your own ($$$).
Cool historic photos adorn the building in the back, showing how the intersection/ area looked about 100 years ago.
It was the best fish sandwich I can recall ever having eaten, and I could hardly stop myself from wolfing it down, bite after intoxicating bite.
which is exactly what i did haha.
Now will someone please pass me the Listerine?\n\nI also promise I'll hit the treadmill and the elliptical trainer tonight!
The food really is delicious, but quite expensive for breakfast!
A bowl of this creamy delight goes a long way...bonus they toss in those little hexagonal oyster crackers as reminds me of my youth on Long Island's south shore (but that's another story).
I just wish that someone like that guy from Clerks worked there, just to spice it up and add a little comedy.
AWESOME vegetarian burritos and chimichangas, good guac, and I like them Margaritas man!
One of the perks of being on the Big Burrito mailing list is the postcard they send every year at your birthday time for a free entree.
I got to the restaurant about 20 minutes before the rest of my party.
2 can dine for 25 bucks and itss good.
Now he has me using bosu balls and other nifty toys to make different exercises more difficult without piling up a whole lot of weight (weak shoulders).\n\nOverall, I love XShadyside.
there also was a nice touch where you could mix and match fish, sauce, and a side (i think it was called 'simply sides').
\n\nThe dessert was an olive oil and basil torte with lemon ice cream (my description doesn't adequately describe it) - I should've written down the description from the menu, although I did upload a photo of the dessert.\n\nThe wait staff was outstanding - attentive without being intrusive.
\n\nThey also GIVE out free Sunday papers.
Well, I always feel extremely well taken care of here.
it still has the same friendly neighborhood atmosphere.
\n\nSo I don't know crap about cars.
When i moved here I was so happy to see a First Wok!
They have improved quite a bit management had stepped up the pace more hands on Custer service was excellent!!!
But let's face it, if you can't get THAT right, you'd better close up shop.\n\nThe service was very friendly and attentive, and the entrees didn't come out until we'd finished our soup.
Small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase.
The flank steak with baked potato was edible, a little dry on the meat but hey it was free.
One for each Super Bowl we've won that make the Steelers the best of the best.\n\nSo ya.
My quarter sleeve cover up is amazing and I will most definitely be getting my future work done by him.
Some say to visit the great wall of China before you die...I say tide the Intimidator.
I really like the horse shoe seating the engulfs the stage, and the experience of looking down on the actors.
The ribs were cooked to perfection but the rub lacked flavor.
When you order a sandwich (i recommend the godfather I or II), the owner goes to the fridge and begins slicing cuts for your sub.
Both were cooked to our specifications (medium and rare, respectively), and were juicy and flavorful.
Yes, the do have specials and discounts but those are not year round.\n\nAs for the stuff, well, there's nearly everything.
And the chicken barcelona is fantastic!!\n\nCozy yet great for groups (they have a large section in the back for groups and overflow), this place has lots of charm and delicious dishes you must try!
By far the best thing on the menu, in my opinion.
Good spots to eat and shop.
\nThe BEST part of the day was the atmosphere.
Definitely the place to go for a special occasion.
No man, you're staying at a Best Western in Wisconsin.\n\nAnd the wifi is free.
That's pretty much all I can say.
The first time I went to Browne's I received very good costumer care, the attendant took her time to explain the different grades of diamonds and all the different options available.
Ladies and Gents, I can put food away like a champ and I still had leftovers.\n\nMy friend had a succulent, buttery French Toast.
The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive.
They have plenty of vegetarian options for classic diner food that they do very well.
Good food, fried fish, fried chicken.
Oh, make sure you park in the lot where they are located as this is the only lot they can offer validation for.
My son said his pasta, penne with sausage, was terrific.
If you know the real deal, you don't patronize a crappy representation!\nI especially love the rice and beans, the cheeses (and the generous amount of cheeses!!!) and the beer.
Remember that they validate parking tickets too!
as one of my friends put it.
We loved everything on our platter, and were treated well by the hostess.
The food is good and healthy, the fireplace cozy, and the original art on the walls is a nice touch.
The baked Alaskan (I thought it was fish when my fianc\u00e9 ordered it) is a wonderful dessert but only available certain times of the year.
Luckily, Mt Lebo parking tickets are like $7.00, which is what you'd pay at a downtown garage anyway.
For this reason alone is why I am giving them four stars!
On it there was a good covering of good tasting cheese which did not fall off the pizza when eating.
Staff was nice and my sammich was good, so really can't complain here.
This was so yummy that I totally dipped into his dish after I finished mine.
They offer dishes like salmon omlettes, salmon eggs Benedict, etc.
The location was perfect -- close to the convention center, yet not right in the middle of all of the hubub.
The calamari is the BEST appetizer on the menu, but I do always have sea weed salad and some edamame to start..
The crepes were great come in a stack of three.
The crowd was very engaged and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
Just a mess to eat, but still awesome.
I had in incredible salad and the best lamb chops!
The only downside is that the venue itself is tiny and it would definitely be difficult to accommodate a larger party.
This is, by far, one of my favorite places in the Strip District!
I've been hearing how great people's is from friends, so decided to check them out.
\n\nSo we came here for the tradition (great old supper club from the 40's), the history (an1847 stagecoach inn, later a stop on the Underground Railway, and a Speakeasy circa Prohibition) and the preservation (it's hard to keep a 150-year old lady going in style).\n\nSo we came to DRINK and PLAY, in other words, on a busy Friday night, in spite of, or because of, the fish fry.
Good selection, well organized, friendly staff!
All around great service at a reasonable price.
The surrounding area looks a little \""sad\"", but let's face it, lots of areas look like that here in Pittsburgh.
The \""Spring Rolls\"" are greasy but good.
Where can you get a awesome cake for that price nowadays.
I was not disappointed today, with the grilled cheese.
We love Thai food & the Thai House doesn't disappoint.
Last I knew it was a free trade shop and I'm fairly certain that that hasn't changed.
If you have the money or a special occasion to celebrate do it at Blue, you won't be disappointed!
The woman behind the counter was helpful and made sure the glasses fit exactly right.
The newly remodeled Metcalfe's are a real treat to visit.
I wish the city would take the time to modernize the concourses themselves.
I loved the bar area- has a mix of bar and casual couch/lovechair seating that's well suited for a date or small group.
Killian for years now and he has always been an extremely good dentist, very kind, professional, and comforting when it comes to some of the more serious procedures.
Definitely take the elevator--you actually have to.
They make chicha morada, which is a drink made from purple corn, and is super refreshing.\n\nCrandalls is owned by a very sweet family from Peru, and I'm so happy to see that they are now showcasing their roots with their new restaurant!!\n\nThey do still have their famous fish fry, and it looked like the lunch menu has cheese curds and sandwiches as well as ceviche.
\n\nThe rocking chairs are great to sit and people watch, and this place is always clean!
Bonus tip: you can pre-order and pay for a drink during intermission.
Vegetables were also very, very good.
This is definitely a must for anyone from Charlotte or visiting Charlotte.
Portions are large, I got the \""fish nuggets\"", I expected tiny nibbles but was pleasantly surprised by prepared mountains of battered fish the size of my fists.\n\nPrices are extremely reasonable, my wife and I happily stuffed ourselves and got drinks for under $30.
My best haircuts have been the ones where I just let him do whatever he feels like.\n\nI have fine, curly hair and Richard really knows how to handle it.
The rooms were clean and big, but what really sold me was the customer service.
I wish I could get it shipped here to NJ!
They held true to their many awards (nicely displayed next to their register) and I was more than content once I finished eating.\n\nThe ribs themselves were just ordinary- pretty juicy, but nothing to blow my mind.
Be sure to check out their chalkboard with the drink and food specials!\n\nWe've never had any problems with the service or the food, and will definitely be back!
I highly, highly recommend eating in the \""wine bar\"" out back - where the main restaurant is loud, bright, and crowded, the wine room is darker, more romantic, and closer to the bar.
I had the Guy's version of the jumbot and it was delicious.
The vegetables that the duck came in were nice and fresh tasting and not soggy, despite the fact that the curry came in a bit of a soupy broth.
The staff is helpful and friendly, and, if someone doesn't know an answer to a question, which can happen with a volunteer, he or she will find out for you.
Yes, it's technically a national chain restaurant, owned by the likes of the same folks who do Longhorn and its ilk.
When I have questions his staff has always made sure I was comfortable with my decisions on new firearms and supplies.\n\nThanks Larry and the Hyatt Team
I contacted the shelter and they practically bent over backwards to help me with the dog's issues.
I visited Charlotte for a conference in 2010, so my friends insisted that I try East Carolina BBQ while I was away.
The desserts are so worthy of the extra calories.
Very nice venue\nI saw Jon Gordon speaker for the NEW (executive women) and was impressed with food and how upscale it is
Every item we were served was cooked go absolute perfection.
A great place to get take out.
I'm still getting comments about how good the pizza was.
I like this Target, so I am pleased with the new changes (especially Starbucks)!
She is perfect with polish, the smile line and making sure there is no cuticle or skin left!
The food is pricey butttt the portions are HUGE!!!
I have never been to an airport before where I would want to come back and just hang out.
They also have creative seating upstairs.
Tried this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend.
The appetizers were delicious (we've had the platter for two, and the pulled pork crepes), the soup we've had with our entrees were amazing each time, with an intense flavor.\n\nTheir specials change every time we've been there, and if they don't interest you, their regular menu is always exceptional.
I had the good ol' Hurricane (didn't seem too strong to me) and a fellow diner had the \""Seventh Street Stumbler.\"" Both of us enjoyed our drinks.
The fish is huge, and you will feel like a fat kid if you finish it.
I'm so glad they came back after the fire, better than ever.
My wife had the sea bass on special and it was fresh and cooked perfectly.
There are lots of great classes to take advantage of, a nice selection of local produce (best in town next to the farmer's market), and the seasonal displays at the front are really nice.\n\nI also love the fun events held there like the annual seed swap and the occasional music performance on the patio.
I realized today that everyone should have a good tailor!
I would highly recommend Foundation for the Carolinas for an uptown wedding in Charlotte, NC.
The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers, wraps, or sandwiches.
I want to share that I have probably eaten here 40+ times so I have tried about 10 hoagies on the menu.
However, if you want good fish/shrimp at a good price served quickly and efficiently - this is your place.
As such, Port Authority easily meets my first two transit requirements.
Put a scoop or two on top of a hot doughunt or two and you will finish in heaven.
I have been to Il Piz several times overthe past few years and I have yet to be impressed.
Love the Uptown area Y's...especially the Dowd.
Friendly for those craving sushi, burgers, noodle bowls and every other light lunchy option you could want.
This is my favorite place to eat Chinese food on campus.
My complaint is that their hours and location could be better.
great place to just look around, but they serve food too.
The food isn't phenomenal, but it's definitely worth the $.
Speaking of desserts, I remember being pleasantly surprised with the bourbon pecan pie.
You'll have better luck parking on one of the residential streets behind the joint.
\n\nIt's a planned development often referred to as \""Pleasantville.\"" There are some nice homes, restaurants, shops, a YMCA, a library, and more.
That's how you tempt folks into gettin' a little culture.\n\nThe other half star knocked off because the security guard followed us around like he thought we'd stolen his puppy.
The beds are very comfortable with plenty of pillows.
The Cool Stuff area (physics stuff) is amazing!!!
I'm 6'1, about 225lbs, and I thought all this southern comfort food would leave me heavy; but nope, it was just the right amount, and all for 15 dollars, with a coke.
This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door.
I knocked off one star because i thought the prices were abit higher than i'm used to in Denver (esp on the jewelry) \n I walked out with a vintage (60's) Pucci dress($88) in perfect condition and an Adrienne Vittadini sweater ($17).
\n\nAs this is not MLB, the stadium is smaller and really easy to navigate through.
I don't know why, but when I feel like getting Korean to go, I come to Dorca's instead of Woori Jib.
This staff is going to do what is best for your cat, make recommendations for the benefit of your cat, and that may not always be the most convenient thing for you, as a human person.
Our last server was great and allowed us to tweak anything we wanted in terms of substitutions and omissions.\n\nWhat I love best about the place is that dinner is an experience and you get to relax and enjoy the large variety of food in your own personal little section.\n\nThe prices are very high, so we do not go here much, but this is a staple for restaurant week.
Along with a sweet tea, this will run just around $10.
Sandwiches don't come with anything but a pickle, so you have to order fries on the side if you want.
But it really didn't matter because we loved it all!
The price seemed pretty reasonable too.
It was a welcome addition to the noon time choices.
My boyfriend had the lasagna, and when I asked him if he liked it (as I stared at the empty plate), he said \""Yeah, but it's not as good as yours.\"" Someone was just being nice because I am not that good of a cook, trust me.
The pizza is the best in the area--exquisite crust, nice ingredients.
We had a wonderful Italian meal, and one of the better dining experiences in Pittsburgh so far.\n\nWe had a reservation on Saturday night around 6 pm, and used their valet service ($5?
Very very clean inside, decor however is a little outdated.
We had Sunday brunch upstairs and I was very pleased with the quality and quantity of the dishes and the service.
WAY marked up, but you can get a good Gewurtz that goes well with the spider roll just the same...\n\nThey also have great seafood dishes, nothing I have tried has been bad...
Good and fast Chinese food at a reasonable price.\n\nThere aren't that many options for a quick and cheap lunch in this area, but this one satisfies both needs for right around $5.
The walls of wigs and masks are impressive to say the least, and you can always find some original stuff there.
It's just a good old fashioned diner that's open 24/7/365, and you can have whatever's on their menu 24/7/365!
Sure, I haven't had this kind of haircut since gradeschool, but he did clean it up quite nicely and even gave my beard a clean trim.
What the heck is some of the best Chinese cuisine anywhere doing in Champaign?
\n\nThe spaghetti I ordered was fabulous, but the lasagna my buddy ordered looked even better!
Mama Ros's (sic) is a great place to eat late at night or early in the morn.
You will not be sorry you visited.
I've heard a bunch of good things about this place, so I decided to make a trip over there on a Sunday to check it out.
The cake was moist and delicious and the frosting was nothing short of decadent.\n\nMerts portions are huge.
It took me a long time to find a vet I liked and I will definitely stick with and continue to recommend this place.\nMy only suggestion is that they learn to treat chickens.
Trust me; if you've ever needed used bottles, this is a cheap convenient way to get them.
Some Sundays are free and Bank-of-America cardholders can go for free one weekend a month.
The fried rice is the all time favorite item for me !
I ordered the calamari and as always it was delicious.
Even if you get a warm beer, they have this ice cold dunk tank to put your bottle in that gets it nice and chilly for you in just a few minutes.
I wish I lived closer so I could eat them every Sunday.\n5 stars?: I've been to a restaurant that claimed to have the best pancakes in the world.
Hands down, this is the best ice cream parlor in Pittsburgh.
A small pile of pistachio cream sat next to it looking like wasabi and the \""pickled ginger\"" was really thing slices of cantaloupe.
The toppings are nothing special, but the meat itself was cooked well and, for lack of a better term, meaty.
I like variety, what can I say??
It is conveniently (for Shadyside and surrounding areas) located in the East Liberty area, very close to Target, PetSmart, and Pizza Sola.\n\nThere's five courts, four full courts and one singles-only court.
One of the best places to eat in town.
It's more like a marinated shredded cabbage, the marinade is tangy and vinegary.
Excellent choice for Chinese food in Charlotte.
T'was rich and fine, however, being the ginger fiend that I am, I really wished they had used real pickled ginger!\n\nOthers shared the chocolate pretzel stack, consisting of wonton 'pretzel' chips, malted milk chocolate cream, miso caramel, and a kinako truffle.
Want a taste of the old ethnic communities of Pittsburgh?
You also had to schedule far in advance and couldn't come in over a work lunch or break.\n\nStumbled across Dick & Arnie's on Yelp and am definitely a big fan!
I mean, if they have toasted coconut soft serve ice cream, what don't they have, right?\n\nThe people that work there are all really pleasant and the ice cream is excellent!
Happy camper would describe us both, oh yeah, full would also work.\n\nStarted with the calamari just to see if it would be better than Del Frisco's.
They somehow compact all the flavor of their sheet cake into one little cupcake and do not skimp on the burnt almonds as well as the icing.
This is a great spot for a date night, or meeting friends for drinks.
Last summer I scored two pairs of Cole Haan wedges for under $40 at the beginning of summer, and I've had success with booties here as well.
If you're lucky, you'll hear Carol affectionately refer to each customer as \""Dearheart\"" as she offers up suggestions and samples to ensure that the customer gets exactly what they're looking for.\n\nThe balsamic and olive oil selections are just as impressive as are the fresh pastas, local breads, olives, and Italian cured meats.
When we were seated, we ordered immediately and our server was very friendly.
I'm from the East Coast so I might not have the most reliable comprehension of what the best fried chicken is but it was ridiculously good.
And their toast comes pre-buttered - taking care of that pesky cold-butter-on-hard-toast problem.\n\nIt's greasy spoon brunch fare at its very best.
It's awesome deliciousness scored me many points with the lady and satisfied my soul for making my not-often-enough trip to this fantastic pizza icon of the City of Champs.
It seems that every school in the entire Mecklenburg district sends daily day-trips here; I swear there are ALWAYS buses parked outside with large groups of children pouring out, smiling happily to be away from school.
I've been in Charlotte 14 years and this is the best place I've found for my eye care, and trust me, I've made the rounds!
I order the Penne Alla Vodka, no fail, every time.
It's that perfect delicious comfort food that these up coming autumn days.\n\nSkip out of work early and make a pit stop here on your way home, you'll thank me later.
Love the layout and size of this airport.
I had the Chicken Chop Suey and she had Sweet & Sour Chicken.
When you come to this place it really looks like a dump but once you enter you get a really good service depending on how busy they are.
This is beef euphoria in wine heaven!
They hire and retain good help.
It looks beautiful and tastes delicious!
Always good inexpensive food and margaritas.
The salsa has a little bit of a kick to it and you can see the fresh cilantro in the tomato puree.
Also he insisted that both our meals be on the house as well as free dessert.
The crowd was a little weird, there were super casual people and very dressed up people.
And an assortment of dessert items.\n\nGreat service with a smaller-sized dining area that helps keep the meal intimate.\n\nI've not been here for a meal other than brunch, but I will absolutely do so and let you know.\n\nNote: Check their website for the Oktoberfest schedule.
i've had great irish nachos and i've had terrible irish nachos there.
And butter served at the right temperature, that's a novel idea!
I recommend asking for vanilla with hot fudge and marshmallow sauce with graham crackers for a S'mores sundae.
However, this is a great down-to-earth place to while away some spare time.
These are the best chicken strips I have ever had.
Simple, yet right on point.\n\nAll in all, very good.
I wish I could give half stars because I'd truly rate Mert's as a 3.5 (or even 3.75) out of 5.
I wouldn't suggest all the plates on the menu but I would definitely suggest that you don't miss the lamb shank.
I didn't regret it one bit.
The staff seemed relatively well informed and courteous.
Marashi has a very calm and professional demeanor, which means a lot when you're in pain and you just want someone to take care of you.
And you also have you choice of juices, coffee and/or tea!\n\nAll the things we tried were delicious!
Always fast and friendly, with bottomless chips and salsa that actually get refilled.\n\nFood: the food is standard Mexican fare, done simple and well.
Granted, it's not better than many of the places we've been to in Boston - but it's way better than I expected for around here!
\n\nI have been there mostly on Sundays and they have an attendant who is an older gentlemen and is very friendly and fun to shoot the breeze with if you use the self service stations.
Awesome customer service, affordable for high school students, and they really support local causes.
Beyond that, customer service has been great, the shelves are stocked well, prepared food and deli items are better for you than fast food with better ingredients at a better value!
The restaurant wasn't crowded at all, but I was shocked how fresh the food looked so I settled down to enjoy excellent cooked crab legs, cray fish, shrimp.
They even have a beautiful parrot who hangs outside of his cage and loves to perform.
\n\nMy friend, welcome to the place where millionaires shop for groceries.
Once he waits on you, you pretty much never have to tell him your order again.
I would highly recommend them for any of your dessert needs!
All the staff we encountered was friendly.
\n\nWe began with the Tega Hills bibb lettuce salad with warm duck confit, as well as the Moroccan Kefta meatballs.
The Cubanos and shoe-string fries are great---not quite up to the level of what you can get in southern FL, but still pretty good for this area.
I made sure to let Laura know that this really exceeded our expectations.
The ratings and reviews looked way too good to be true, but I have a soft spot for German food and the prices looked downright reasonable.
\n\nIn my opinion, you can't go wrong with their soups, they are my favorite.
The mashed potatoes and mac & cheese looked tempting, and were large enough to feed a group, but I can't attest to the flavor.\n\nWe started with a loaf of exceptional warm bread with flecks of toasted onion on the crust.
The menu has a lot of variety, all great dishes but a little pricey.
\n\nYards of linen, tons of silverware, and hordes of waiters make this place a must go in Pittsburgh.\n\nOur table of six enjoyed perfectly done steaks and fillets, beautiful accompaniments of vegetables and potatoes, great salads, excellent desserts, along with an impressive wine offering.
Pretty cool place and the food was pretty good.
The wine list had plenty to choose from to make a nice pairing with your entrees as well.
It lives up to any other Morton's I've been to - the experience is pretty consistent across the chain.
Started off with a couple apps, into the salads, delicious dinner, loaves upon loaves of bread in between.
It appears she does most of reweaving and her mom helps out with more simple alterations and such.
For not super expensive, there were large quantities, many options, a very helpful waitress who helped us make some very difficult choices, and a clear willingness to tailor anything on the menu to suit our needs.
He was super nice and attentive with zero fakiness.
Absolutely fantastic.\n\nThe name \""take-out\"" is rather misleading because there is ample seating inside the place and many interesting jazz memorabilia to peruse over while eating so eat-in instead of taking-out as the name suggests.\n\nI'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'.
We were en route from the Point to Station Square when the skies opened up, and the nearest bar to duck into was Papa J's.\n\nWhat you need to know first is that Papa J's is a historic landmark - it's the oldest standing former brothel in the 'Burgh.
I even enjoyed the butter as a sweet additive to a decadent treat!
It really felt like we were staying at a friend's house, except I didn't need to help with the dishes.\n\nSome things that didn't bother me but might other people:\n1) Note that they have two large dogs\n2) If you're averse to flowered wallpaper, this is not the place for you.
I had the two for $10 lunch special with French onion soup and terriakyi glazed chicken strips.
Went to this place on a Groupon and fell in love.
The chef is from Grand View, a fantastic actual restaurant, not bar restaurant.
Risky to order fish at an Italian restaurant, but it's mostly very good.
The rice and beans are bland, but upon request they give a spicy sauce that tastes much like habenero sauce to me.
Some of the best onion rings I've ever had.
This is my favorite movie theater in the South Hills area.
If you're going to be stuck in an airport for a few hours waiting for a connection, this isn't a bad place to do it.
Not sure if they have improved things or we just hit it on a good night.
To be honest, when I got my take out order, I was slightly taken aback by the anti-theft camera which took a still every 30 seconds.
Lord knows we all love and miss Chris Farley but there's only so many times a night you can watch his Chippendale's audition.\n\nStill one of my faves though.
I was very happy with the advice and the result.
I get it, it's a me problem.\n\nWith that said, the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star).
The prices are good, sometimes a $1 or $2 cheaper than other places.
They also have gelato, and some unwrapped candies that look fresh made, behind a front counter.\n\nWe bought the aforementioned lavender sea salt caramels, and a few other bars.
Wish I could remember the name of it, because it's heavenly.
It's still pricey, so this probably isn't the place to sate your random Thursday craving for sushi, but it is an excellent special occasion place for the sushi lover.\n\nUp a few flights of stairs in a minimalist environment, Umi serves up excellent sushi (and a really nice octopus salad), including some higher quality varieties you can't always find in the mid-range places--toro and uni spring to mind.
\n\nSure, it isn't Wu Leng Yi but it is quite adequate for those long work days when you get home and just don't want to cook.
Now I will say that I have had better sushi at a few places (Umi in Shadyside , PA and Coast in Chicago), but for what your paying at this place you cannot get a better value for the quality.
We could hear the conversation of the couple next to us much more than I would have liked...I felt like we were all up in their business.\n\nWe'll definitely be back.
Hold on you might be balking at the hefty sticker tag on this brunch but let me tell you about all the stuff you can well...stuff yourself with and you'll be singing praises too after you try this joint out.\n\nThis being one of my last weekends in Charlotte the boyfriend and I went with a yelpy crew consisting of Travis W., Melissa B., Chad E., And Denise.
Great place to go year round!\nI hike here all the time and love it.
I don't mind paying more money when the food is delicious, the service great on all levels, and the ambiance enjoyable.
Needs appointment, my first and only haircut in America in 3 years.\nGot my hair cut short and took care of the split ends.
I tend to like their accessories more than their clothing: they have an amazing selection of footwear, ties/bowties, hats, jewelry, gloves and handbags on the cheap.
The sandwich totally did her smile and sales pitch justice.
they could keep some really good clients.
As a spaghetti and meatball connoisseur, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of their plate!
I lived in Raleigh for a number of years and fell in love with NC BBQ.
We sat in the outdoor seating in the back, which had a perfect combination of sun and shade.
My new favorite thing to do is to go to Crema Cafa (or any other place I suppose) and sip a coffee while walking through the gardens.
\n\nI ordered the fish sandwich and it was delicious!
had the special (Walleye sandwich) which he enjoyed while I had the Seitan Philly ($8.95), also tasty.
I have always had consistent professional service not to mention mouthwatering quality food, and yes salt and pepper was provided.\n\nI do not understand why Occasions would continue to ask for money if you ladies were paid in full.
\n\nThe staff was very friendly and the building had a great German feel.
\n\nBar is homely, but at least it doesn't have a disease festering feel like certain other campus bars.
Had a few great experiences here.
Superior service - waitress knowledgeable about food - able to make recommendations.
And about the free wi-fi ---- It is not the Southern Way to gouge our guests, we want you to feel at home.
\n\nYes, the cave is like a candy shop.
Overall, a great place for casual dinner and drinks.
I haven't had a bad pizza in here yet - and it doesn't seem like I will.
I guess people aren't from SF and expect good wines for the same price!
Good cheeses, live music, outdoor patio(where you can bring you dog).
I had every light on and it was still pretty dark during a cloudy day.
She fawned over our daughter and made us feel comfortable.
Service has been great 2/3 visits, with attentive and friendly staff open to offering suggestions, and an owner who spends time talking with the various groups.
The best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in Pittsburgh is also my neighborhood watering hole--I'm so fortunate.
it is byob though, which is pretty cool too.\ni ordered the beef pho soup.
YUM their gyros are some of the best.
It does keep ok, but its better reheated if you let it go cold.
\nEverything was really good, seemed fresh, and had great flavor.
Haven't eaten inside yet but I would like to some time, because the place is nice and cozy.
Hubs and I still had enough quiet time to chat or just watch our chef flip and twist the shrimp & rice in peace.
If you are from the north, don't mess with it start with something a little more bland.
I was suprised to find out it was only made with lettuces rather than traditional escarole, but it was delicious.\n\nEntrees were also great.
And to the person who said their tea was too small, refills are free if you walk inside.
I'm here every week, and in comparison to the numerous other airports I experience, CLT is definitely the best.
\n\nMore on food: I always enjoy a few bites of a good Shepard's Pie though I would never want more than a few bites!
A great place for Valentine's day or a special anniversary splurge, with the emphasis on the word 'splurge'.
Well this is a tough one.
Though I am not a wine drinker, it is pretty extensive.
The wait staff is very efficient and consistent, and I particularly enjoy the potatoes obrien.\n\nOpen only until 2pm, for breakfast and lunch.
The light green walls are serene, the chairs and tables are comfortable, and I love their little brownies with three kinds of chocolate chips in them!
I really enjoy the ribs and the pork shoulder sandwich.
I am absolutely addicted to their crawfish cheesecake and my goodness the crab puffs are amazing.
We ate breakfast here most days and the staff in the restaurant area were very prompt and friendly.
I liked the atmosphere in the dining area with tv's mounted throughout the restaurant.
It was very quiet and nice for sleeping.
I'd be very interested in coming back to try their Beef Briskets and Chicken Dinner.
My first instinct wasn't to leave so that is always a good thing.
\n\nService was friendly, was in a cute little Elizabeth house.
I thought this was a very cool touch!\n\nOnce seated we were presented with one of the most amazing bread baskets I've seen.
Eat'n Park is known for their \""Smiley\"" cookie (like a chewy black-and-white sugar cookie, but white, with a smiley face drawn in icing).
I have also recommended them to several contacts as well as personal friends.
I will certainly be back for some more clothes.
\n\nLot 17 is a PITT bar and a great place to watch a Saturday football game or a basketball game.
From now on I'm going to stick with WF for all my fresh produce needs (along with a few other specialty items -- some of their frozen Indian food is surprisingly good), but I'll still go to GE for my everyday grocery shopping.\n\nSure, their parking lot is a madhouse, but so is the Market District's.
The only one I can ever remember is the Friday Fish and Chips because it's always the special I want and it's never Friday when I'm there!
Mom said this place was pleasant because of the calm crowd.
The food was great the service was excellent the potato salad was just wonderful.
So, you know it must be good.
So much better than La fiesta.
From the egg drop soup to the spring rolls to the entrees, everything is great.
\n\nI would recommend Lidia's to anyone looking for a quality Italian lunch or dinner with an upscale atmosphere.
lol\n\nOverall, I had a fabulous time at Ri Ra...
Being there for a week, it would have been nice to have more to hang my pressed work clothes on.
I think Jackie has good knowledge and does an excellent job, she is personable and she has great prices.
We came here with a LivingSocial deal in hand, so I expected a type of service which happens in some restaurants when you inform them of that when you order.
Wonderful and Service was friendly and attentive!!
The French Horn was good but a little sour for my tastes.
The remodel here just means a bigger, cleaner store and parking lot.
What a great find in Charlotte!
I've been going to Dor-Stop for years (well before the DDD crowd arrived).
\n\nThere are lots of places to sit and relax before your flight.
The place is air-conditioned well enough because it can get really hot in North Carolina even in September.
\n\nKudos for an impressive and very reasonably price wine and cheese selection!
There are even gluten free hamburger AND brat buns.
There are family restrooms available as well.
I've generally been able to find what I need here and check out pretty quickly.
While I'm thrilled to see Bob and Vicky's crew thriving, I do have to say that I miss being able to actually walk-in on a Saturday or Sunday without a line around the block.\n\nIrregardless, when you're looking for unique spins on traditional diner fare, this is your joint.\n\nThe pancakes are all fantastic.
The art and music promotes an inviting warm home-style environment.\n\nI'm only giving this place 3.5 stars because of the food.
The initial consultation was thorough, we received the proposal promptly afterward, it was easy to make revisions, and they were very responsive throughout.
But Pamela's food is as close to perfection as you'll ever get, so the long line and cramped space isn't even a factor.
Bless Frank's heart, he figured out some concoction of simple syrup and honey, and made me a Bee's Knees!\n\nYou can also choose to eat while at Papa J's, if you can tear your eyes away from all the drink menus.
They have hummus and different kinds of olives by the pound, and a huge selection of turkish and arab foods.
Also, be careful of ordering too many toppings or extra cheese as the crust is so thin and has a hard time holding it up -- not an issue if you eat with a fork.
It'd make the vibe a little more comfortable!
Friendly hosts who will humor you if you try to speak Thai to them, and of course great Thai food.
\n\nThe manager is very nice while the cook has a funny attitude.
\n\nThought it was worth a review.
(Brock is a husky mix, so he's a ball full of energy.
Grilled cheese was favorite too, but some of these options are not offered as many Hooters are franchised.
A great italian dining experience.\n\nI like this place because it's upscale casual.\nThe menu is diverse and the food is excellent.\n\nI had the grilled salmon with shrimp with linguini...goodness.\nThe service was great.\n\nThe romancing accordian player was a bit loud and annoying at times.
The ravioli however were perfect And the flavor profiles on all the dishes were spot on\n\nThe reason I gave a five star review on 3 to 4 star food was the service.
All in all, a great experience.
My favorite ice cream dish is the Ballerina...which looks absolutely fabulous and tastes great.\n\nI love the old phone booth, the marble counters, and the other small details that indicate this place is the genuine article.\n\nI keep going back again and again, and I am always warmly greeted by the staff.
Because I'm a big guy who likes to eat I get the double meat, spring roll and drink combo.
Their flexibility, honesty and friendliness are why we keep coming back.
However the chopped salad was excellent, so all is not dismal at Soba.\n\nI could go on but you get the idea.
I went here for breakfast and I was quite happy.
The breads remain excellent, as are the bakery items.\n\nI've bumped it up a star from the earlier review because the service has been stellar with our past few visits.
They're great at catching issues before they become huge costly problems, but will tell you plainly whether it's something that needs to be fixed immediately or if it can wait.
One of the greatest things about Murphy's Pub, other than the lively, fun and friendly bartenders, is that it offers several fun weekly events such as free bingo and trivia for prizes.
So when I visited for July 4th, I had a friend take me to her favorite place.
\n\nThusly, I have had their Chicken Ranchero Pizza and their Greek Pizza, and their cheesy breadsticks, and good.
A Pittsburgh institution, something that's worth checking out before leaving town.
Harmony, on the other hand, manages to come through quite nicely in the food department.\n\nI had a walnut burger and an order of their potato chips which they apparently make fresh.
My date had one of the noodle dishes with tofu and really enjoyed her meal as well.
My boyfriend had the porterhouse with parsley potatoes which came with a vinegar base slaw and baked apples.
This Target is a good one.
Fresh food, great salsa, great prices!
Once they tried Umi they understood what I meant and how better their sushi was.
Nice atmosphere, good food - Sesame Inn gets an A in my book.
My truck is 16 years old, yet it drives like it's only a few years old thanks to Long's.
Every single oysters were nicely packed on ice for the 40 minutes ride home.
They do have Heineken Light, which I am a big fan of, so that was a plus.
I live in Seattle these days and was not about to miss the opportunity while in town.\n\nStarted with a couple of Spotted Cows (on tap!) while the rest drank Miller Lite.
Better yet, go after around 3 on Saturday (or pretty much any other day of the week) to avoid the crowds.\n\n\n**P.S.
Staff is great and food is just what you need and more.
Both egg and spring rolls are good.
I highly recommend getting their Prince Edward Island Steamed Mussels.
They are huge, they are reasonably prices, they are prepared quickly, and they are delicious!
I love this place and its location to my parents house in Charlotte!
It is a Regent Square staple, and the folks that come here seem to be staples as well.
I also greatly appreciated the student discount.
I'm always a fan of a pliable crust with a thin layer of mildly sweet sauce and a THICK layer of cheese.
Though there is little bit loud, food here are really awesome.
This review is for the maternity ward specifically.\n\nI have had 2 children here and it was such an awesome experience both times.
I love it here and the smell is terrific :)
We ate there last night with a friend after telling ourselves that we would never return.
Lots of terrific variety and I have to agree with her about the soups.
The hot dogs are piled on high with the best, fattiest stuff I can muster up, and the beer selection is one of the best in Allegheny Co.
OPH does a good job moving people in and out.\n\nI had the corned beef hash and it was great.
I didn't see any bathrooms, so good thing I refrained from going to the beer store next door to have a cold one while I waited.\n\nThey do have a parking lot, but it's really small and packed, so you'll probably only get a spot if you're lucky.
I would recommend trying to visit them at off times.
But let me tell you--their Fresh Cut Rose perfume is literally man bait.
Light and fluffy with an oreo cruble crust and a huge slice.
We both love sushi and both agree that this was hands down the best sushi and Japanese food we ever had.
Service is usually either chipper and delightful or just barely okay.
My boyfriend and I spent nearly 3 hours there on a Sunday afternoon - no children, just two 30-somethings - and enjoyed every moment.
I love the liver and onions above all else.
Food and service was just amazing.
Better than Earth Fare, better than Trader Joes, straight up.
The Beef and Broccoli wasn't as good as the one I was used to but the egg rolls are freakin' awesome.
I am on the shorter side and have never had trouble seeing, no matter where I was seated.
I was surprised to find that she was using Barber Clippers rather than the Stylist Clippers with guards that are used in Florida.
If you have any questions they're happy to help and if you're looking for suggestions they usually have a good one!
It tasted exactly like melted mint ice cream--my favorite kind.
as a suscriber to the Blumenthal, there is always some great entertainment at this venue in its several concert/symphony halls.
I called Town and Country Ford where I had bought my personal vehicle, a 2002 Ford Sport Trac (which I still have and love with over 175,212,000 miles on it) off the show room floor and right away I knew I should had started here.
When it arrived, it was hot, tasty and a generous serving.
Service was good, glassed stayed full and bill came at the correct time.
This is not in the best of neighborhoods but a friendly smile goes a long way.
Nice to see you again.\n\nFortunes served the best coffee we tried in Pittsburgh and had the most engaging and upbeat baristas.
She is quick, friendly and makes you feel really comfortable.
And there is a whole section devoted solely to bouldering, like rock climbing, but closer to the ground and without the need for a lot of the equipment.
Cold sesame noodles were the lightly dressed vinegar kind, not the peanut butter sauce kind.
Friendly service by the mostly college student/artsy young person staff.
Great little place just across the border.
Overall, I'm a fan, but wish my friends would want to go here less often.
It feels like you have stepped out of Charlotte and into a fairytale.
I saw Pamela's and thought oh well, if I can have breakfast for dinner, why not try breakfast for lunch.
The BBQ sauce is probably the best I have had.
The tempura was divine, as was the sauce, as was the filling.
The Inferno plays goth, industrial, etc music.
Pentiful baskets of thin/crispy chips and good but, not to hot, salsa are on your table immediately.
There is a small coffee shop inside which I did not partake but looked like a nice spot to read/study with some caffeine.
\n\nBeyond that there are always cool displays up in the rest of the museem.
I like to eat them with fries and cheese.
The half rack is HUGE compared to some other places where I've tried ribs.
It's like a Menards thrift store.
\nMy Yellow tail special was cooked perfectly and delicious; I was really surprised at the large piece of tuna.
love the live music every night, great drinks, outdoor patio.
We arrived Sunday night at 7:30 and the parking lot was pretty full, a good sign.
There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished.
I had assumed that what I needed would be an ornate crystal pendulum, but \""great things come in small packages\"".
Which is for dinner for a friends birthday.
Good place for a casual hang out w/ friends or a not-out-to-impress date.
And that provides for the most enjoyable dancing experience I've had in Charlotte.\n\nEveryone looks ridiculous when they dance to 80's music.
The room (Sonenson) was clean and bed comfortable.
Most of the staff has worked there for a long time as well, and are good at their job.
I had a seamstress friend look at it and she was even stumped by the darts on the chest and how to exactly go about fixing it.
I guess that's what I get for ordering pastas with cream sauce.\n\nIn summary - a cute place for a date if you can sit outside.
They satisfy any Japanese food craving that I might have.
The regular pesticide-laden produce is great.
They have an outdoor patio that is nice in the evening and on days that aren't too humid.
This was a pleasant change of pace and scenery from Newark airport which I'm used to.
They offer outside seating when the weather is nice.
Located at the base of the Hearst tower so parking there is easy and it's a central uptown location.
\nI crisped up the waffle fries in the oven when I got home, and it was like sitting there.
And the Dos Equis draft wasn't bad either!
Plus, the blow out she gave me was so glamorous.
I'm a fan of this place.
Free and much larger than I expected, this botanical garden was a pleasant surprise.
\n\nI truly feel like they are happy to see us when we come in the door and go to extra pains to treat us well and we are just an average couple who aren't spending hundreds.
for $5.25 you get a cheeseburger (I get mine with chili & slaw), side and tea.
Lots of food choices, and they kept it well stocked through the rushes.\n\nWe will stay here again next time in this area and would definitely recommend if you are visiting Madison, WI
All the liquor.\nThe excellent beer garden.\nThe good tunes.\nThe creepy room upstairs for shows.\n\nCheers!
I love their new Wheel of Fortune game!
The mussels, clams, shrimp, halibut and scallops were cooked to perfection.
It's a beautifully preserved old time pharmacy and soda fountain.
Even if I had to pay I would have been satisfied, it was pretty cool.
I like the way they slice the meatballs at this establishment unlike other places.
The service was some of the best I've ever had in any restaurant and the \""Generous Pour\"" wine sampling was fabulous.
We were excited to read that this restaurant supplied our weekly lunches and we ordered!!\n\nI ordered the Alu Matar Mushroom at a spicy rating of 3 (yes, I'm a sissy), but it was EXACTLY what I wanted!!
Not my favorite, but worth a try if you're hungrier than usual.
Ever since I went to Hong Kong, I have been a huge fan of Dim Sum :) Unfortunately, there are not a lot of places to get it in central Illinois, but this is one of them (if not the only one) and it is also surprisingly pretty darn good...
The layout is easy to get around- there's plenty of room to walk.
there cheese fries are fabulous, and their salads are yummy.
Darlene did an awesome job on the alteration and had it done in six days.
I frequent this area for business travel, and you can't do much better without heading downtown.\n\nThe seafood is excellent, with a daily menu crammed full of fresh fish specials, a raw bar, and a list of chef's specialties.
\n\nI went with my favorite pizza combination, Mushroom & Onion.
Pricing is very reasonable and she is very competent with her work.
Okay, seriously I do live close by, but the food is pretty decent here and I really like the double deck outdoor seating when its not too hot.
And at only $7 for a huge meal it's a great value, too.
The veggies always seem really fresh and the selection is different than what you'll see anywhere else.
We've tried almost all their dogs expect 2 and my favorite is the mac and cheese dog(w/ ketchup) and the chihuahua dog which is avocado, shredded cheddar cheese and jalapenos, my fiance enjoys a classic Chicago dog.
Great group room in the back that is quiet enough to facilitate large groups that can actually hear each other.
The flavors are so fresh and work well.
I can only speak to the lunch buffet as I have yet to visit during the dinner hour, but this place is a great value.
This store is my favorite place in Pittsburgh and you are missing out if you have not visited!
It is located in a charming uptown Charlotte neighborhood, near a library and several museums.
I'm glad that a YELP event brought me here.
I decided to give Browne's a try after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.
I am impressed with Giant Eagle and some of the items they carry--Jeni's Ice Cream, Talenti Gelato, Montgomery Inn barbecue sauce and great fresh fried chicken.
If I'm on a business trip, I want to be able to work in my room, and having to pay extra for the privilege of working efficiently is not cool.
As a business traveler, this is my favorite to stay at.
They are usually a couple of early 30's to middle aged women working here that make ya feel like mom is welcoming you home.
This review is based on the BBQ sandwich and macaroni - awesome.
The sauces were a little thinner than most places but I don't mind not being dowsed with a ridiculous amount of cornstarch.\n\nIf in the area and not trying to deal with nuances of Piscies \""all you can eat\"" sushi lunch special I will be back.\n\nFYI, take a look at the pic that had been submitted if you want an idea of portion size.
The drop down eating trays from the airplanes are there, and the best perk of all your very own wall outlet with two plugs.
There isn't a ton of options because this is what they do and they do it very very well.
I went in May and June and now that I am talking about it my stomach started growling and I want to go now!!
Though I just spent a couple minutes here while my husband was browsing, I loved the old fashioned vibe.
I know this charming and cozy Italian restuarnt is not a one trick pony (their various Raviolis being especially exceptional) but their signature Girasole Salad is really something special.
I finally stopped and I am glad I did.\n\nI thought it was gonna be just another boring restaurant but I was pleasantly surprised when the first two things to welcome me were a community board and the cooler with a passable craft beer selection.\n\nWe grabbed a couple of beers, ordered the special (Bacon cheeseburger & fries for $4.99) and sat.
The sushi can't beat places like Ru-San's or Nikko, but it's still pretty darn good...and very reasonably priced!
She lingered over her lunch, savored every bite, and scraped the plate clean.
They are clearly identified as local on their display.
The real jewel, though, is in the back.
I'm not a die hard BBQ fan nor do I normally spring for it when I'm hungry but after eating here I may change my tune.\nThe ribs are amzaing, the meat practically falls off the bone and is so tender!!
Our chef was very nice and entertaining.
The rooms were clean, and all of the furniture was very new.
That by far is my favorite aspect of D'z.
Bathrooms are clean and restaurants are pretty good.
They accept reservations and offer valet parking.
Everything was flavorful and cooked perfectly.
This is one of the best places to get a top-notch meal.
The oysters and mussels were excellent and the filet melts in your mouth.
Asked if here was anything else I needed and had a friendly demeanor.
Top it off with one of their signature drinks and you cannot go wrong :)\n\nEnjoy!
This place is like, I imagine, many others throughout Wisconsin.
The sweet potato fries were served with a honey butter that was amazing!
There is no 'Wow' factor but the gym is incredibly nice (but close at 10pm).
If you're hoping to shake your booty on the dance floor, this isn't the place for you.
They typically have entertainment in some form either upstairs or down.
I recommend the short rib ravioli!
Prices are affordable, though you may need to go elsewhere for the perfect coffee to pair with your dessert :D.
Coffee is excellent, all of the time.
Sometimes depending on the wait staff they will give you half homefries and half potato salad to enjoy both!
The waitress said she could tell our chairs were uncomfortable, so she switched them for better seats.
The Strip District folks asked for a signed CD and gave me a free Roethlisburger in return.
I recently started having sessions with a personal trainer, and I have seen a DRASTIC improvement in my fitness based on the exercises he has me do.
Watching planes take off and land while eating the best diner breakfast or lunch in Madison is a huge hit with adults and kids.
It is a ritual for me to stop every time I'm coming home from the airport (or I just need some awesome fried indulgence).
That along with homemade ranch dressing is the best in my book!!
we also ordered the hash browns for the table to share.
The mixed green salad with champagne vinegarette and the tomato mozzarella salad are also great starters (but you may want to split the later as it's quite large).\n\nMain course: I don't eat red meat, but everyone I've dined with says that Capital Grille has the best steaks around.
While I normally go to the Dowd YMCA because it has a full basketball court and pool, the Gateway Y is great for a quick, simply work-out at any time.
I would definitely go back to explore their menu.
Had the kale caesar to start and the buttermilk fried chicken (like apparently the majority of customers).
This is one of my boyfriends favorite Bars so we will surely be back.
\n\nBiggest gripe, as many would agree, is the parking situation.
The burger had that freshly made look and taste, delicious!
I was very impressed by his expertise and customer service, and learned he has been doing this for 45 years.
The light beer and the wheat were amazing, very impressed.
The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive to your needs.\n\nThey offer a vast selection of breakfast/brunch menu items.
The bar at Mimosa was the perfect environment to blend-in, eat some great food and not feel like a pariah.
Keep up the good work sonny's
if you serve me some bangin' hot wings that are making me dream about them later and a row of around 30+ beers on tap, I'm in!
I keep coming back to them because I trust them.
One of the best meals I've had in PGH yet!\n\nA final caveat: don't forget to make a reservation.
Everytime I travel to Charlotte and stay at the Marriott City Center I visit Champions.
Not only did my belt \""adjust\"" on its own, but hubs and I took home a combined box of leftovers that fed us for a few meals afterwards, too!\n\nI was craving hibachi like crazy, so we drove on up to the University area to score some tasty Japanese grill cookin'.
Make sure you get the fresh rolls.
They had live music which was really good and the crowd was cool.
The staff really loves cycling and shares their extensive knowledge with you to help find the best bike for you.
They cooked it to my request of medium spot on,and the chunk of filet was so large that I can't figure out how they cooked it so perfectly.
My husband loves the chicken and I haven't had better shrimp than the ones at Tobys and I grew up in Florida.\nIt's family owned and everyone in the family works there.\nWe are there at least twice a week.\nThere is quite a wait on Fridays but it is so worth it.
It's usually difficult to catch an open table, but once you do, it's worth it.
All in all a good place for decent thai food in pittsburgh.
I dont think I had lunch that day since it was such a huge meal and great hangover cure.
I especially like the Penang curry, and the sauce for the chicken with garlic is excellent.
I particularly enjoy Asian art and the Carnegie has an extensive collection of Japanese prints.
I have always enjoyed going here for breakfast/brunch.
It is truly a gem of Madison.
Jon's is a pipe shop first and foremost, they just happen to carry cigars too.\n\nThey have a huge selection of pipes, and most are priced fairly.
A bit too bright for an Italian restaurant if you ask me, but I'm from New England where Italian places are all dimly lit.
I recommend the salmon cakes, greens, mac n cheese.
Their selection is huge (see: beer cave) and I've had some amazing beers that I didn't know even existed.
Also great for a quick bite on your own.
I am a HUGE fan of the Flying Saucer brand.
So do not come here expecting great service, but all in all the most authentic chinese restaurant in Champaign!!
\n\nThis will be our new regular place, i think :)
The staff are plentiful and friendly.
Well I never been to a professional football until now, it was great people was drunk but not out of hand , food and drinks expensive of course stadium look nice but then again I never to another stadium so can say I was a virgin..
just a fun place to wander around and find crazy things for costumes and parties.
I've tried it all and never had a bad meal.\n\nI know this review sounds more like an ad for the place, but I really have nothing bad to say.
The food is pretty consistent and pretty good.
Customer service was great and so was the food!
It is my own fault for not following up with the staff to ascertain how to access the other sections of the parking lot, so I won' t hold that against the hotel.
Now that I have discovered this park I will be here all the time, a great place to get away from the 'city'.
They have fun parties and monthly happy hours on the roof of the Mint.
Great location - make sure you ask for a view of the river.
So I thought Fiesta was amazing.
\nThe food was great, the service was great, and the diner ambiance in this place is great!
Nice tables and chairs, pleasant service and it was fairly fast.
Loved our sassy southern waitress & the corn bread she brought us.
I highly recommend taking full advantage of this coop, it's much more than a grocery store.
In no way do I feel like I'm a New Orleans style food expert, but I have been to a few restaurants in the past with similar style food, and I have to say, Cajun Queen is pretty much amazing!\n\nI bought a Groupon for this place on a whim- and it was about to expire so I rounded up a friend and headed over there to treat him for a night out.
The restaurant is always clean and they have stayed consistent on everything for many years.
We just ate here for the 1st time today and it was really good.
The Booth may be one of the best places to see a show in town, and the McGlohon is a great space converted from a former church - it's tough to match anywhere.\n\nMake sure you check out the various spaces and recognize that the name Blumenthal means more than just the big theater uptown.
When I went for dinner they accidentally threw away my doggy-bag instead of giving it to me, but they offered to make me a new order, so it worked out fine.
Hot d*mn, you must order this delicious piece of meat.
I wish everything I ate from here on out could be drizzled in that BBQ sauce.
I ordered the Americo, simple pepperoni, mushrooms (I added olives,) it was fresh & delicious.
The garlic knots were decent, nothing mindblowing, and the salad I ordered was huge and flavorful.
Overall with couple of drinks it costed me 50$ but it was worthwhile i would say\n\nService was very professional and attentive, and the overall ambience was awesome.\n\nI would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good sushi.
The pasta is a little thicker that spaghetti noodles but equally delicious!
Even the garden salad was good to be pretty simple!
As I mentioned, my poker league plays here twice a week (on Mondays and Wednesdays, 2 games each day at 7pm and 9:30pm FREE) and we usually have crowd of 20-30.
If you know Japanese (my husband does) they love to make conversation.
This is definitely a good way to avoid the over priced, over processed major grocery chain food selection.
I think it says something that my friend has searched far and wide throughout all of Chicago and failed at finding another gyro place as good as Zorba's in Champaign.\n\nThroughout my 4.5 years in Chambana, never once did I have a less than spectacular meal here.
Looks like it's time to update another review of mine.
I strongly recommend getting the hand cut chips, they are light years better than the regular fries.
One of our favorite places in Champaign.
The crisp, fresh pickle and tomato.
They do outstanding work and are super honest.
It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.\n\nI always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza.
The cheese counter is so great because all of the cheeses are labeled with the kind of rennet used in the processing.
My husband and I are avid plane watches ,being surrounded with pretty things makes the day special.\nThe South Western Plane and the new merged US-AIR/American Air are best in show.
First I want to say I LOVE coffee & I don't even understand the people writing reviews on here that DON'T drink or like coffee!!!!
Yes I am also a gym snob.....I love Dowd hands down compared to Uptown, Johnston, and Gateway.
Not only was the dining room very elegant and classy, but the staff were professional too.
The staff was nice and for being in a party of 14, the server handled us well.\n\nThe food was great!
Charlotte airport seems to get better and better every time I pass thru.
A good airport to connect or travel thru.
Aside from the occasional pair of skinny jeans and a trucker cap or two, I've seen mostly families taking advantage of D's great prices and groups of friends chatting and sharing drinks.
I've enjoyed the regular coffee, ice teas, and biscotti.
I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
I popped in to the Frick because, well, why not?
it's a starbucks...what can I say other than it's as great as every starbucks I've been to!
It goes without saying that they've got great beer.
Well I can say I came to Pittsburgh and finally tried the famous sandwich.
The bartender was super sweet and allowed me to charge my phone and even gave me an extra taste of a beer.
Of course we had warm Sake.
Good food, pretty hard to find.
Potomac is the best bakery in the South Hills.
The gumbo was also a big disappointment to me where is the heat.\n\nThe fish specials are usually pretty good but can be bland.
She's very open about trying different things (e.g., perhaps a multivitamin--work from the inside out--to fix hair, rather than slathering on lots of product) and really seems to care about getting it right.
Continental always had consistent friendly service and majority of on-time arrivals.
Other diner thought the ahi tuna salad was good as well.
and I was grateful!\n\nI went with about 8 people and we BYOB'ed which was a fantastic idea.
The 365 brand is a good value and oh, do I love the bulk bins.\n\nThis store barely compares to the Whole Foods in other cities, but its a start!
I'd go back here in a heartbeat.\nThe heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten.
I was very pleased with the prices, but they only take CASH!
I'd love to know where they get it from as I can't imagine they bake it there, but maybe they do!
Carowinds is a wonderful amusement park and water park.
Yea not all airports are doing this so enjoy.
I thought the rice they used was very good.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great meal with great service.
I got delivery and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time, but it was over done for my liking and colder than I expected.
Part of her top was sheer, and would have been tastefully so if she didn't have her bra and underwear sticking out in awkward places, unbeknownst to her.)\n\nAnyway!
I can appreciate the simplicity of someone waiting for you to open your front door, assist with your heavy luggage, and hand you a valet ticket, smiling throughout the entire exchange.
I am so proud to call this place my Alma Mater.
\n\nMany things to note here, so I'll point out the items that stood out like an MBA player in Japan.\n\n1) The carts glide smoothly.
There servers watch for you to dictate the pace of the meal.\n\nBeggining with the typical salad with ginger dressing: I was very happy with this dressing, just about perfect.\n\nNext the miso soup: I'm not generally a huge fan of miso soup, but this was probably the best preparation I've had.
Like other reviewers have mentioned, there is not really what you would normally call \""service\"", you get your own tea, chop stick and clean up after yourselves.
With the semi - annual service inspections, it continues to perform as promised.
Both were delicious but small in size.
I am only giving them a 5 because of the service I received.
The appetizer of clam chowder was good, if not exceptional.
It was a great date night!
I like the typical curry dishes, chicken tikka masala, samosas, naan - all are great here.
Okay, wir sa\u00dfen auch in Reihe 5 und waren dementsprechend schnell drau\u00dfen aus dem Flieger.
I am a huge shrimp fan so I had the Diane with Shrimp.
We make a weekend trip to Pa, and were both excited to visit this restaurant.
The Antipasto appetizer is always a good choice.
The staff is helpful and will let you roam to your hearts content.
It is clean, spacious and open with nice views overlooking the city.\n\nSara did a great job and continues to do so (I'm loyal like that).
My boyfriend loves the Italian Beef sandwich and it comes with a large basket of warm crinkle cut fries that I help myself to.
Barrington's almost reminded me of Passion8 Bistro down in South Carolina, although, I would prefer to return to Passion8 Bistro because of their awesome food.\n\nI think Barrington's is a great restaurant for a special date night because of it's quiet and quaint atmosphere and attentive service.
My husband's relatives love Fiori's, and I've grown to love it too.
\n\n-Our meal choices were the steak, bass, royal platter, bento box, and the big tuna:\n -The sushi bento box is by far the best deal.
Every dish was presented beautifully and tasted as good as it looked.
I can honestly say there is not a bad seat to watch a game.
We finally made it out to Chevy's after having their chips and salsa at many an event with our friends.
The salon is clean and I like that they have curtains between the chairs to give you a little privacy.
I was so happy to see that nothing had changed- I ordered the mixed veggie crepe with soytang sauce, and a nonfat cafe au lait.
\n\nI love this place so good.
The sandwiches are giant, the atmosphere is good.
\n\nThe service is so nice here.
Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.
Mmm hmm it rivals red hot lovers of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
I've never been on a course like this.
Great biscuits, also liked the potatoes.
The baggage claim area in particular smells like a bar of expensive soap.
Easily one of my favorite local hangouts, Dexter's is a \""dive\"" bar without the \""dive.\"" The beer selection is wonderful, bartenders and staff are knowledgeable and attentive, and the food is well above typical bar food standards.
It was a nice addition to the very clean bathrooms and airport overall.
Don't be fooled with the strip shop location, this is a nice little place very close to downtown charlotte.\n\nI had the chicken parm-- way to much for me to finish.
\n\nIf I had another hand, I would give it 3 thumbs up.\n\nNCFoodGuy
The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to.
Food seems decent overall and portions are priced well.
Comes with a variety of hummus, olive tapenade, etc..\n\nENTREES:\nOsso Bucco: The veal was so delicious.
I suppose I am a bit unusual female as in I actually love Cigar Bars.
The stock car cafe is always a good bet and then there's always bojangles for fried chicken.
While I find it a tad annoying to have a restroom attendant, I do appreciate a clean seat & sink.
We had no problem getting in and out, ordering a drink quickly at intermission, and receiving directions on where to find our seats.
Just move the continental gate closer please!!!!
I will definitely be returning for brunch!
funny kid who jumps out and tries to scare me every time i go is great in store entertainment.
Their cornbread is amazing, as well!\nThe ambiance is something out of an old soul's home...amazing pictures of celebrities who've been in town & the soul music overhead is so good!\nThe staff is friendly & attentive.\nKeep in mind, they stay pretty busy for lunches & dinners.\nWhat's REALLY good is their New Year's brunch, every Jan.
So rock on Cuisine Malaya, you were worth the walk and thanks for the vino...
It was sweet, but still had a kick to it.
A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
I am very grateful that the Cat Clinic & their wonderful staff was there for us.
Any style you could ever want, well, it's here.
He grew up in an area with plenty of authentic Mexican food, and apparently they have the right kind of chairs here that mean they serve good, authentic food.
The bowls held a hearty serving of the delicious (and filling) cream soup.
At the time, it seemed a pretty far way to go for an alteration place (ALL the way on the east side LOL).
The steak was delicious and enjoyed the many flavors the rest of the salad contained - full of grapes, tomatoes, olives, cheese.\n\nVery satisfying!
Omelets made to order, lox and mini bagels, fresh fruit, trough of well done, really quality bacon as previously mentioned.
However, I'm am not counting that against their rating since the employee I talked to about it was great and offered to give me a free drink the next time I came in.\n\nI think that have a great staff and great customer service.
The manicures lasted for over a week, and were fast and lovely.
I am very happy with the CG Co-op.
Wish they had one of these in San Diego.
Well, I have only been shopping like a grown up for about a year now - but I learned how to do it in Denver.
Great price, great service, and awesome food.
The customer service is fantastic, the quality is terrific, and the prices reasonable.
I had the sausage scrambler which was pretty standard.
Great for a night out with friends, followed by indie movies at the Regent Square Theatre across the street.
There were moments that I think the comedians may have went off track and were just bantering, but luckily enough they rebound and got back to making everyone laugh instead of being uncomfortable.
There truly are TVs everywhere including the restrooms, so this is the place to watch the big game.
We will return and look forward to their annual Oktoberfest, which others say is a great, authentic occasion.
Everything seems really clean and open, and the clientele seem younger and hipper than some of the other salons I've been to.\n\nAdd the bulldog that roams around, and you've got a super great experience.
I usually get enchiladas, but basically everything is good.
While you rock yourself to sleep like a grandma (ain't no shame in that), bust out your Pandora, because the WiFi is free, and slowly fall asleep in your melting cup of gelato.
\n\nI'm not shy when it comes to eating raw things, and this was HEAVENLY.
By the way, I tipped heavily because if they are only charging $20 for a hour's worth of work, their employees can probably use the extra.
The waitress warned me it was really sweet, but I felt that it was perfectly balanced.\n\nDefinitely check this place out, and don't be freaked out at the potential of long waits.
A smack of roasted red pepper is quickly deepened by a sweet hit of pomegranate and walnuts, ubelievably complex and wonderful.\n\n- Falafel.
They have certainly got me wanting to go back for more.
My breakfast was made well, tasted great, and dressed pretty as a picture.
Very nice although the crowd was small.
I still frequently buy their stuff online through their website....Thank God for the internet.\n\nFavorite items include: Calabrese Olives, House Italian Olive Oil, Istara Cheese, Mortadella w/Pistaccio, Ciabatta Bread
The Hummus wrap at Sub Station II is by far, hands down, the best hummus wrap in the area.
If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
and I would definitely venture out and explore the city a bit.
It wasn't until I went into labor and had a personal change of heart that I went for pain meds and they were supportive of that too.
The location makes it very easy to get to and from the airport and any other highway taking you to parts of the city or its suburbs.
We were happy with the service also.
Clean and quiet rooms, friendly staff (tho I really got the impression that all Pittsburghians are just naturally super friendly..
I also liked that the employees were not chatting across the room to each other in a foreign language.
If you go in knowing what you want, you'll be fine.\n\nBottom line, and most importantly, the food.
Most of the time I leave happy, sometimes irritated, but I'm always full and ready for a nap.
We drove here from Greenville, SC where there is excellent food but Upstream has some of the best fish we've ever had.
Great owner, superb bar food, and oh, the huge selection of craft beer.
Weeknights are better than weekends, when all of uptown is kind of a mess, but it's a safe spot for a good night out regardless of the crowd.
Yes, but you are getting exactly what you pay for..
The food is fresh and REALLY good!
I found it to be dry on the outside but I was told it was very most inside and was good.
Here are a few things I suggest to make your experience supremely successful:\n\n1.
Went there for the 1st time- heard its like new orleans food.
Located next to the lobby area of Well Fargo 3, this little coffee shop is fantastic.
Tuesday night eight of us met at Soba for what turned out to be a truly lovely evening.
He taught me proper movements, to alleviate some pain by less twisting and turning and how to elevate my lower half properly to take pressure off my spine.\n\nI could tell he was truly sympathetic to my case, and was detailed in explaining my diagnosis, in a way I understood just fine...Im one who appreciates visual learning the most, he had models in order to explain his findings to me.
If you're lucky, they'll play a request for you.
Their beer selection is adequate (basically all the American macro lagers, plus a few of the more widely-known craft beers, like Sierra Nevada), and their bar is stocked with the full gamut of booze (except ouzo).
The concessions stands do take credit cards.
kards unlimited is similar to pulp in dc in that it features offbeat gifts and unique cards, but adds jewelry and literature to the mix.\n\nwhile i've found gems here in terms of cards, i really had to *search* for them, unlike other stores where i find so many awesome cards i don't know which to pick..and end up leaving with seven birthday cards, spending more money than anticipated, and no money for food*.
Really cool & interesting veggie options, cool atmosphere, nice area, what more could you ask for?
Just some things to note: you are required to take the pet you adopt to the vet within one week of adoption and you get a 15% off coupon at this local pet store along with a bag of food, you also get a small bag of science diet from the shelter itself.
I always get the vegetable plate when I go because I can't choose between the many (all amazing) sides.
Doesn't get much better than that on the Northside ladies and gents!\nHope you enjoy the hole in the wall as much as I did!
\n\nThe Thai corn chowder tasted good, but had a funny mouth appeal, grainy and lumpy at the same time and didn't look appetizing brownish yellow.
\n\nIt's really nice to feel like employees of anywhere recognize you as a good customer and treat you with mutual respect, kindness, and reward your loyalty.
I never feel like I am being taken advantage of like at bridal salons that do tailoring.
The big open storefront thing is great on a nice day.
The Doc's calm competence with the help of his super nice staff transformed what was an inherently painful and \""let me out, I'm freaking out\"" situation into a mildly unpleasant but bearable experience.
I like the atmosphere, the location, and the bartendering service!
I love almost everything about the Middleton location.
Seriously, El Toro possesses the Mexican food trifecta - great taste, great service, and great price.
He was closed but was still there cleaning and took me in for a great old school cut.
I am writing now after all these years because another Indian restaurant opened a stones throw away and I want to make sure you try Namaste instead.
They also look like they were tumbled by a lawnmower.
My favorite was the fried green tomatoes.
Add to that good service and super reasonable prices!
We waited a very reasonable ten minutes and it was ready.
The calamari is very fresh and the lightly battered zucchini mandolin sticks that go with it are a great complement, and the two sauces are excellent.
\n\nFor dinner, I had scallops that were encrusted with bacon crumbs on top of a pumpkin bread crustini.
The cocktails were excellent, overall it was good but not anything that I am dying to go back for.
Pretty good happy hour specials as well!
My favorite experience at Girasole was one late summer night when it was beginning to cool down and I took some friends of mine from Cleveland to have dinner there.
For the same price as a Jimmy John's sandwich or Moe's Burrito, you can have a expertly prepared Italian feast with all fresh ingredients.\n\nWhy not a 5?
The good chefs can do some pretty cool things with eggs and shrimp tails.
\n\nI was a bit disappointed in their not having french fries, but I tend to fill up on them, so in a way it allowed me to finish that delicious huge burger!\n\nI hear they are known for their ribs, as well.
The Sunday brunch menu is also nice (the Greek omelet is highly recommended if you are into omelets).
I'm not dressing up or drinking a certain drink just to feel like I have a shot of being accepted somewhere, believe me.
If you don't already know this, Irish Pubs are known equally as well for their booze (ales, whiskey, and lager!) as they are for their \""pub food.\"" I award 5 stars to Ri Ra for exemplifying the latter quality in its lunch menu.
It's hard to find a good selection of the latter this day and age.
I also switched out the fries for the house potatoes, which were also very good!\n\nMy boyfriend decided to go with breakfast and had the Huevos Rancheros, he loved it and said he would definitely get it again.
The salon is clean, the staff are kind, and I have never been disappointed.
Juan is an extremely nice server.
Go here with some friends casually, bring a growler or a couple of bombers, have a good relaxed time.
The coffee selection is out of this world and the coffee itself is wonderful!
Surprisingly good selection of produce, ice cream, wine and beer.
The three scallops were some of the plumpest, most succulent and perfectly cooked that I have ever had.
I have been a loyal customer since Barrington's opened.
There seems to be a broader influence to the menu.\n\nAs for service, I simply could not have asked for better service.
We had a great Time at a team event.
They also sell SASHIMI grade fish so we tried our hand at sashimi cutting one afternoon as well.
Among the best restaurants in Chambanavoy (I know that's not saying a whole lot, but still!)\n\nTapas is an awesome concept, and Luna does it well.
If you can make decent convo, sit down and eat something delicious, and if not, gtfo, mon hommes.
The location is great and the room was pretty comfortable.
And to top it all off the bars have an excellent beer selection...
I don't usually dine without Yelping these days, but I am *so* glad we recklessly heeded her advice.
And they have the awards to back it up, winning last years Best Pizza in Pittsburgh Award for 2012 from a reputable area magazine.
I was expecting it to be so much more fun, but literally you just slide down a dark tube into a circular room where you just slowly swirl your way down the middle hole and that was it.
\n\nShopping here really makes me wish I owned a pick-up truck.
The texture and taste was amazing!
If you Yelp while inside the airport itself there was a decent modern sushi, asian-fusion, independent IIRC but I can't remember the name.\n\nRestrooms were actually clean.
The staff at Inner Peaks will take good care of you.
The only problems are a total lack of parking and long wait but a great pizza if you can be patient.
They really went out of their way to help me out on the spot, and it made my morning.
I have the fried spring rolls, which was good (crispy flaky crust, but the filling wasn't anything to write about), the vegetarian tom yum soup (pretty good, but honestly I've had better tasting broth), and the winter curry.
Mtchells is one of the best fish places around.
One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh.
It's a winning combo of college dive/local institution and Guy Fieri hangout.\nThe selection of breakfast and some lunch items is vast.
The portions were small, but surprisingly filled me up for the entire afternoon until a later dinner.
Frugal's is the best location to buy beer, wine and liquor or spirits in the same place if you live in Charlotte.
It is extremely filling because it is made with nutrient rich local meat, savory vegetables & topped with the best gravy I've ever tasted.
This place is a gem for anyone that wants authentic, amazing food at a ridiculous price.
The staff was super kind especially when I realized I had forgotten my family heirloom jewelry.
The meat was flavorful and deepened by its smoky flavor that coupled perfectly with the well-rounded, full-bodied spicy BBQ sauce.
They have one of the best breakfasts in Pittsburgh.
The gallery is right above the Wood Street T/Bus Station and can easily be missed, well at least that was the case for me.
\n\nAll the maintenance, management, and grounds keepers have been very polite and knowledgeable to my roommate and I.\n\nBe sure to read all of the lease before signing.
I've been to Ullrich's twice and both times received excellent service.\n\n My first time at Ullrich's was to have the end caps of my heels replaced (for a second time).
\n\nThe food was good- not outstanding but definitely one of the best meals I had in the city.
The room was clean with a large LCD TV, but the sink is inside the bathroom.
I came hoping that I'd find a mechanic that was honest and that wouldn't take advantage of me.
I must admit I always stick with the breakfast-y menu items, but I'm such a fan of this place!\nYou gotta appreciate Ritter's being open 24 hours.
The eggs were done perfectly and I although I had never had cream cheese on eggs before, it was delicious!!
The Lemon Drop Martini was so good that I had two and I have been known to send it back to the bar if it is not made right.\n\nMy Butternut Squash was rich, perfectly spices with the right amount of creamy taste.
I love the rocking chairs, which are dispersed throughout the airport, usually in front of large windows so you can rock and watch the planes if you so choose.
They have fresh-squeezed orange juice, a nice Eggs Benedict, and even hearty yellow grits.
Green tea or red bean ice cream is the only way to end this perfect meal!
The bartenders almost take pride in the strength.\n\nAll in all, it's an authentic dive in a neighborhood that sorely needs one.
(try it Joe D style with a dollop of guac on it instead of sour cream) The lime cilantro salad dressing Is amazing, I've had it on the grilled portobello mushroom salad for a meat free meal.
allowing plenty of time to talk and eat slowly and just enjoy the company of the person you are with.
Newer diner (was expecting older), great service with a neat view.
Nikki came along and was extremely knowledgeable with my textured type of hair; she had an amazing attitude not only to satisfy the customer but also towards the not so experienced stylist, they are lucky to have her as a mentor.
I'm not a golfer, but I've heard the course is pretty tough and well maintained and the prices are affordable.
Which is impressive since it was a long skirt.\n\nIn summary: Go to Umi, but only if you aren't paying.
The special was chicken atop cheese curd and then topped itself with pesto.
We've been very pleased with Stuart Wakeman in the service department.
The room was clean, comfortable, and they had a great complementary breakfast in the morning.
Score!\n\nSo, two great museums for the price of one.
Recently stayed at this Holiday Inn location for a business trip and was pretty happy with it.
I especially love the pie porn lingering on the other side of the glass so you can just gaze with wonder as you wait for your cibo.
KR had barely ordered and couldn't stop gushing about her love of this place.
Awesome dessert options too so save room!
They truly love animals here and are willing to work with you if you have payment issues as well.
My friends got dessert, and when the chef (I assume Chef Pino?) came over to ask how it was, my friend jokingly said that it was delicious, but would be perfect with a bit of sauce.
I'm giving 5 stars because I love Michael Jordan and Kemba Walker!!
Honesty anything you try you'll be sure to love.\n\nIt is BYOB but beware of the corkage fee per person.
Brought my wife here for her birthday and we were lucky enough to arrive on the last of three nights of the truffle dinner.
Appetizers Bbq shrimp sauce is great with bread and the Crawfish ceviche was flavorful and spicy!
The buffet had all the dishes you would hope for and some unexpected ones as well!
My favorite is the court bouillon broth, with the Pacific Rim Selection, and of course add cold water lobster tails.
He said he was pretty busy, but that I could swing by at 4:30pm.
You have to look past the appearance to have a great experience here.
As nice as an airport can get.
\n\nI also enjoyed a slice of the chocolate silk pie.
They are caring, realistic and competent.
The Adventures of Susan the Zombie on a Monday-After-Holiday morning.\n\nSusan get up.\nSusan get showered.\nSusan get dressed.\nSusan grab purse, briefcase, and coat.\nSusan get out of house.\nSusan get on bus.\nSusan get off bus.\nSusan go to Cool Beans.\nSusan buy black coffee.\nSusan go to office building.\nSusan get on elevator.\nSusan go into her office.\nSusan ingest heavenly coffee from Cool Beans.\nSusan human female again!
I'm glad we have one so close.
I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.
Tessaro's definitely provides a solid burger to their patrons, and their side options are also delicious.
Just make sure to check the circular and the website, as sometimes additional coupons can be found that the store personnel aren't aware of.
\n\nThe pizza here is a lot like NJ/NY pizza.
I would recommend her to a friend.
i guess coming from ny, anything would be better price wise.
We went a little too early to see many butterflies at their exhibit, but it was still great and the grounds are beautiful!
\n\nIn the end, I would have liked them to go that little extra step to streamline the experience, especially given the price of alterations and accessories, but I was still pleased with my experience.
Their dim sum is pretty standard items, but the only real place to go in Champaign, myself I would probably wait till I get back to Chicago for that.\nThe down side of this place is their are two waitress that also work in the kitchen, everything is self serve the tea, drinks, even your utensils.
I was lucky enough to get Holly Kimmel on the phone and WOW, she is awesome.
Unfortunately you didn't win, but we love you still the same!
It isn't exactly close to the downtown area, but like I said- free shuttles will take you there and pick you up.
We were able to find a parking lot about two blocks away but the walk was nice.
I think our total bill was like $10.
Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place, nothing crazy.
My team and I really enjoy hanging out on the patio.
In the mean time, though, five stars for sure!
\n\nThis place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.
They have a lot of campfire favorites: BBQ, ribs, burgers, smoked chicken, steaks, etc.
The inscribed wood on all of the tables tells me that this is a campus institution, as do the loyal community of regulars who hang out here.
I wish we had a place like Michael's even half as good in Minneapolis.\n\nEvery single time I have frozen custard it tastes like butter and, while some may find that awesome, it happens to make my gag reflex go crazy.
:)\n\nA couple of times I have accompanied him to the Golden Razor and have always found Tom to be accommodating, very friendly, efficient and professional.
We normally always have the same waiter, his name is Carlos, and he is great!
I came here for Amateur night, because a good friend of mine was going to be in the competition.
Mine was good, her's was really good with the dressing being a star.\n\nFor dinner, I went all out with the surf and turf.
The shuttle drivers jump to grab my bags before I even get a chance.
Instead of saying he could fix it and charging me what I am sure would have been a pretty penny he was honest and that is a sign of an honest tailor!
Reasonably priced, and the service is outstanding.
One of my all time favorite restaurants.
While they are a TAD (and I do mean tad) bit pricey I believe that the food is more than worth it.
I don't know if they still have open mic nights, but back when I was coming regularly Mondays were open mic, a lot of fun.
Hey, this is a place for kids, so there are way too many American snack foods and candies there, but at least they recycle most of their trash and garbage...\n\nBe sure to get there and plan to spend most of the day, if you have kids who like nature and science.
\n\nI wish the parking wasn't so pricey, but overall, Discovery Place is a great resource here in town.
Wow I couldn't even eat all my bacon cheese omelette, home fries, and rye toast, and it still kept me full from 11, when I had brunch, to 9PM!
They also had a nice selection of Italian craft beers which I've never seen anywhere else in the US before.
Sushi Kim is a clean and bright place with seats on all two floors.
\n\nThe Jerk Chicken Mac n Cheese was very good too.
\n\nThey offer free breakfast that starts at 6:30AM, as well.
the stylist (Jesse) sat me down and assessed my hair, and told me her honest opinion about what she thought it needed and the best kind of cut for me.
And I very much liked it that way!
Come check out the place if you're in the area and would like to try some healthy foods.
Finally, a great neighborhood coffee shop that just so happens to brew fantastic coffee.
but it tasted great to me and I was very happy about my choice.\n\nOur server was very prompt and took care of our refills.
They have excellent customer service besides Matt or something.
Lettuce cilantro and basil on the side, all fresh and graciously served.
Hendrick Lexus gets it and I just wished that the customer service I receive for my other new car (which I want mention) had 1/3 of Lexus customer service practice.
It's an upscale sort of wine lounge, where you can chill on a chic sofa and sip on some wine, or get a snack if you're feeling peckish for something other than fast food.
The atmosphere is great for everything from a casual lunch to a pre-Homecoming dinner.
I'd been meaning to visit Klavon's again since it'd been a year since I'd last visited, so I suggested it, and my friend, who'd never been before, was game.\n\nI usually order a soda or float when I'm here, since this is the only place in PGH I know that makes them.
My main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes, carmelized onions and sausage (I substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).
Frankly, I think for what you're getting, their prices are very fair.
Great BBQ!\nIt's a little out of the way, but worth the journey if you're looking for decent BBQ.\nI don't remember seeing any highchairs.
The most obvious was the increase in prices.
Everything I wanted to say has already been covered in previous reviews, so I'll just leave it at this:\n\nOH MY GOD GET THE HOTCAKES\n\nSeriously, get them.
Several of my friends also ordered different flavors of hot cakes and suggested the oatmeal ones are really not to be missed as well.\n\nDespite the long wait and weird waitress, we all LOVED our breakfast and I was full for hours after.
I have found staff to be pretty friendly all around.
Lots of great stuff, and priced to move.
I've been twice for breakfast (in the afternoon) and have come away completely satisfied each time.
LOVE the way their Mongolian beef is made here and my friend had the crispy honey shrimp and it was so yummy as well.
Your neighboring diners will be ready to strangle you and the kid.
It was walking distance to many restaurants and pretty much in the middle of everything.
Almost butter knife tender, juicy, flavorful and cooked to the perfect temp.
I definitely need to come back again to try more of the menu...
I know blue gill is a thinner fish, and while my dish was good, there was not a lot of actual fish under the batter.
It is nostalgic to eat at a drive inn but not practical when grubbing on bbq.\n\nService was friendly and it was an all around great experience.
They had a remodeled a few years ago, which opened the front of the restaraunt and they they've created a patio of sorts that is perfect for outside dining when the sun decides to shine.
They are not flexible on the food and beverage minimums, but if your party is big enough (I had about 50) they will throw in a complimentary room and may even waive the fee for the coat check girl.
I'm not a big Italian fan, but since we are up north where the best Italian is, I wanted to try it.
As a big Slim Harpo fan I was very impressed.
Cheap prices so I'm not complaining.
\n\nIt's gets kinda crowded from 5-7 pm (after work hours), but it's never too bad, and it's certainly much thinner during the morning and later evening hours.
There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.
The cauliflower soup with tarragon emulsion was fabulous, as was the tomato basil soup.
large and cooked perfectly and the veggies are always crisp and not soggy and over done.
Server made good, honest suggestions about the menu and checked on us throughout the night.
The food has always been consistently good.
After we looked through both the wine selection (outstanding) and the menu (delicious), we decided to do things a little differently.
Good dairy section too, their prices for soy milk is a bit outrageous.\n\nThat said, the east end food co op is a good place to shop for the pantry.
The music band plays upstairs and that is where we were seated.
\n\nMost important, the vibe here is unlike any dance club I've been to.
A good store to pick up your East Asian cooking ingredients.
But for the price you pay, the food is well worth it.
Their banana pie and carrot cake are SUPER!!!!!!!\nand if you happen to buy the whole container, you are required to give a 5-dollar deposit which will be returned if you bring it back.\n\nOh Monty, finally!\nThis morning, though I am still a little bit ill, I came only for you :) (and for me:))\nWaiting for less than 10 minutes, we were seated by the window.
It may not be the most significant airport in the world, but it's a pleasure to travel through.
I have stayed at this hotel on three separate occasions now, and each time I have been impressed.
All that is truly required is that you find one item on the menu that you really enjoy.
fries are good too, if eat them fast enough.
Great location downtown Charlotte, nice menu and wonderful Hand Crafted Beer Selection.\n\nSports bar atmosphere with quite a few TV's located around and a few Pool Tables too.
I love this mall!!\n\nIt's not overwhelming and always packed like Concord Mills and it has stores that everyone can shop in...like Belk and JC Penny's all of my other favorites stores like Bath and Body Works, NY and Company, Express...the list goes on and on...It's always clean and I rarely have trouble finding parking.
\n\nThe food is good, but perhaps doesn't quite meet the high expectations people have before their first visit.
To be completely honest, I thought I had.
Got to try this one if you like eastern tastes!!
=) \n\nI will continue to stay here any time I am back in Charlotte for work.
Put that number on your table, and your food will be delivered shortly.
I'd say this joint lives up to all infamy and certainly delivers on multiple fronts.
It is Sicilian style pizza and It is delicious!
The rooms have large desks, which are great if you are doing paperwork or have to setup to do some business work in your room.
Although it's a steak house, don't be afraid to stray and order other items, you won't be disappointed.
I don't frequent this little shopping center off of 51 often except for the occasional Fresh Market visit or essentials from Party City.
However, this is the probably the classiest of the Big Burrito restaurants, so if you're looking for that, this place is great.
Amazing specials on a Saturday night.
Upon entering the extremely old (classic) building I'm struck by the interior which is truly \""old school\"".
but I did offer because I felt like it would detract from them getting 'weirded out' at my wanting to gawk at them like I bought a ticket to watch them eat hot dogs...
Very nice restaurant, clean, fun decor.
Again, I have to say this place is fantastic.\n\nI love the staff, the service, and of course the food.
It's my new favorite pasta in the world, so fresh and savory, with just the right combo of tangy and sweet.
I did the stadium tour and the lady who gave it was great.
It happens on Tuesdays!\n\nI started coming here when I lived in the area a few years back, and it still has it's charm.
Someone from housekeeping called me the next morning and she was so sweet.
Great video store...huge selection of indy and foreign films, as well as mainstream.
Portion was huge and I could not finish it but I wish I could have.
Thursday night I always need a quick dinner, and Silver Mine Subs did not disappoint.
The best burgers in Madison...hands down!
A wide variety of party favors and Pittsburgh paraphernalia.
I would recommend this place over any other salon in the area!
There is no doubt we are in good hands at Anne Gregory.
I don't think I'll ever find a better shop/mechanic.
It is in the back left of the plaza.) When my date and I walked in, we were greeted by a friendly gentleman host, who gave us the option of sitting upstairs or downstairs.
I'm a woman, and $20 for a haircut *this good* compared to $40 at the last place I used to go was just amazing.
And, maybe it's just me, but I've noticed they seem to do minor touch ups of the heel stem (for lack of a better word...
It gives a pleasant atmosphere to the place.\n\nOverall if you're looking for good steak and good crepes, you can't beat Carmon's in Champaign.
Beer out in \""the tent\"" was modestly priced, and good times were had by all in our party as we took it all in.
My first time going to Edgewood Dental, everyone was really nice, respectful, and professional.
It does get pretty crowded sometimes, especially on Friday nights.
\n\nUpon walking into the store (clean, typical Best Buy footprint), there was a young lady in the middle of the aisle who appeared to be there to help direct traffic.
I've yet to find better Indian in Charlotte.
They are always trying to make the facility better for new and seasoned climbers alike!
Usuall don't go for an entree but my wife and I split the filet one unadventurous night and it was delicious and very cleverly done.
I would recommend to anyone looking for some quality workmanship for a great price.
I would say it was a good value.
I've had every combination on the menu and then plenty more (they'll usually grant a request if they have the ingredients and they usually run a weekend special).
Definitely a fan of the vibe - we sat up on the roof patio and it was like a garden oasis in the middle of the Baum/Center eyesore.
Strange comparison, I know.) and more of those yummy crisp green beans.
Whether it's random cooks tools like a 4\"" wide vegetable peeler (highly recommended), a Microplane grater or splurging on a new Shun knife, Williams-Sonoma always seems to have what I want with people there who know what they're talking about.
Despite the wait (45 minutes) the owner (a sweet and thoughtful English woman) made every effort to accommodate us and move us up the list, even asking other patrons if they minded waiting just a couple more minutes.
Even though the baked goods are not made on the premises here - they are brought in from the main Dormont location - it smells like a bakery should.
No one is better at anthropomorphizing their pet than I am.
They don't have the cool massage chairs and they put you in a weird little intimate back room, HOWEVER I would totally give that up for a beautiful pedicure that lasts this long.
They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.
I tried the French onion soup, something I am a snob about, and it was excellent.
Thankfully, neither of those are true!
I had made 7 PM reservations for us and we arrived shortly before that to a table that was ready for us.
I also really like the decor.
Even some of the dishes at Famous Daves could rival Smoky Jon's, although the ribs certainly could not.
I'm kind of glad it had a low rating previously to keep y'all away while I was living in Pittsburgh!
It wasn't artisinal or fancy, healthy or particularly remarkable, but it was pretty fonking good and to eat that food in that restaurant really made me feel like I was in Pittsburgh.
While a smaller restaurant, they happily can accommodate larger parties.
This is actually the busiest Charlotte Starbucks by sales (fact) and they do well managing the place considering how busy it usually is.
The Penne Vodka that I ordered ended up being really good!
Combine this with the drink specials and you have a winning combination.\n\nThe bar area is cozy and separated from the main dining area in it's own room.
My friends and I got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet Saturday night catching up with friends.
I can't wait to go back and get it again.\n\nMy friend got blackened Cat fish.
We were seated & greeted promptly.
\n\nI'm nowhere near being a pro or even an enthusiast of rock climbing, but Inner Peaks makes it amazing.
\n\nOnce you've woken from your salted caramel gelato slumber, head over to the attended restrooms where a sweet southern woman will hand you napkins and tell you the confection makeover simply makes you look more tan.
The owner Alex and the staff always accommodate to your liking.
It a great experience and we love going to Morton's!
Great atmosphere, good food, and lots of unique cocktails.
The restaurant area is small, nothing fancy, and crowded on weekends, so we pick up and take our pie to the in-laws, who live close and usually don't cook for us when we visit.\n\nOur favorite seems to be the mushroom and pepperoni pie.
Yes, the membership price can be a little high in comparison, but if you want plenty of options to get your sweat on and enjoy an organization that has proven staying power and plenty of social options, then the Y wins hands down.\n\nThe Harris is a family Y, so they have programs and options specifically for children.
I had my wedding there and I highly recommend it to everyone else too.
Most of the places I've been to may put a few chips inside the pancake, but the majority of the chips are scattered on top of the pancakes.
The seats are quite uncomfortable but fit in with the ambiance.
There are moving sidewalks (although they frown upon using them with a stroller) and some nice food options - both fast food and sit-down meals.
\n\nSushi - I was in the mood for sushi, and since Upstream has such great fish, I thought it would be a great place to go.
I visited a few years back and had quite a pleasurable experience.
I've lived in Allegheny County my whole life, but only went to the Original Oyster House for the first time today.
Host was delightful but service was slow & spotty.
It's inexpensive ($2.99, and a whole pie is less than $10) and bursting with fresh, huge berries.\n\nFried zucchini ($5-6) is listed as an appetizer, but is enough for a meal, and comes from a local farm in Butler.
They have an in-house wine specialist that helps you with your wine selection - impressive.
Their iced tea is always perfect (whether you get sweet or not), and your glass is always full.
I grew up raising puppies as a family hobby and became very attached to quality care from a vet in my hometown.
The lobby is gorgeous with a massive 60\"" some odd LCD HDTV etc.
I bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool, and that important.
\n\nI would however recommend this place to any foodie type who knows that sometimes you have to look past some of the details to find the gems.
The Gnocchi was amazing along with our soups!!
\n\nPros\nAlways towels\nVery clean\nAlways cardio equipment open\nPools/hot tub\nLots of lockers\nFriendly staff\nLots of classes\nLots of free wights\nNext to target and trader joes\nEven during peek hours it's never over crowded\n\nCons\nWhen the old lady's come in they take up all the parking spots some how.
The owner is so nice and is truly concerned with each client in the salon.
It was filled with fresh strawberries, sour cream, brown sugar bits..
I think that makes it so much better for dining experiences.
And that soup is usually amazing.
\nWhen we were prepared to order dessert, they surprised us by bringing a chocolate cake with candle on top..
and Ellen and company make it an excellent, nay, perfect experience!
It looked like they had other cozy group seating arrangements up on the second floor too.
The biggest advantage of the place is its location and the atmosphere.
Normally, I avoid buffets, but their brunch buffet is nice.
Meatballs were not my pick, but WOW they were good.
Ok, initial thoughts were replaced by the smelly good aroma floating out the door and straight up my nostrils to smack my brain.
Please take consideration to the significance to this persons affect on every customers experience and is exreamly important in creating a premier dinning experience.
As time has passed and having visited the beautiful city of Pitssburgh, I now respect the Steelers organization and more NFL teams should be run this way.\n\nThey have great unis, cool logo only on one side of the helmet, fantastic Heinz Field and a fab base of displaced Pittsburghers all over the nation.
Delicious, good service, one of our favorites places to eat.\n\nHighly recommend the sesame tofu - it is some of the best tofu I've ever had at a restaurant.
Blue cheese bacon burger was excellent.
\n\nThe line can get long at this place for breakfast, but it moves pretty quick and it worth the wait IMO.
The little cookies were crisp and perfectly satisfying to wrap up a meal.
I called ahead to make sure they were serving fish and chips that day (they only serve it if the catch of the day is up to their standards) and they were.
\n\nWhile I was only there to use the pool and attend the masters swim practice, the woman at the front desk was very nice and offered to give me a tour of the facility.
I love the fried rice here...The staff is nice and they have a lot of seating to accommodate a large group.
I took about half of the portion home, but I finished it off that night because it was so delicious.\n\nI really loved this place, and on a Friday night, it was EMPTY.
large enough to hold 17 girls for a big dinner party in the other room.
I hate sitting on a plane for more than a few hours but as long I reached my destination I'm good and on time.
The whole appointment, plus medicine, plus taking out her stitches (for free) was $45.
We also love having their Mango Sticky Rice for desert when it is in season.
Fresh and generously sliced sashimi, lightly breaded tempura done right [not a heavy batter used to disguise miniscule portions of vegetables and cocktail shrimp], flavorful ramen and noodles, and housemade sauces for nearly all their dishes, including the light miso-based salad dressing!
Prices are a little steep, but not so bad as at your typical movieplex.
Sounds weird, but that is common in Persian restaurants.\n\nEggplant dip is very good and is a must in any Persian restaurant.
Everything was really fresh and light which sushi should be, but this just seemed better.
I'm not a comic book person, but I have fun every time I go in this store.
Right now, there is also an avant-garde jewelry exhibition at the museum.\n\nIf you're new in town, appreciate art and are looking to meet people, I'd recommend checking out the Young Affiliates of the Mint.
What a novel idea, keep the sandwich simple and make it good (why don't you learn something Subway!) I highly recommend Milio's, and I highly recommend very little.
Barrington's is one of my all time favorites.
That's not something you get everywhere, so definitely a plus there!\n\nWhenever friends and relatives come to visit, I will definitely recommend this place.
After living in Seattle and going to a number of amazing diners, I was thrilled to find Tom's.
They are really nice people, never had a problem with the food or any one.
The cheeses, meat course and salad are good but lets be honest that dessert is where its at.
There was a surprising amount of meat and he was very pleased with his meal as well.\n\nThe food is great and I was happy to finally experience this Pittsburgh gem.
Would love to go there Again and try everything on the menu.
I like to go for special occasions or for when they have specials.
This actually turned out to be a pretty good place for a girls brunch!
Give it a try, you can thank me later.
We enjoyed the turkey club, which included great crisp bacon, and the grilled cheese with tomato & bacon, and fries.
Beef spare ribs, fried chicken, shrimp & grits, salmon, collards, black eyed peas, Mac n cheese, slaw, and oh the cornbread that was served first!!
The whole place looks very clean, not grungy and aged like so many bars in Wisconsin.
The best in Charlotte hands down!
I thought it would make a nice ornament.
I usually have a good time here.
If you haven't been here yet, might I suggest checking out the Sunday brunch buffet first to get a good feel for what they have to offer.
Whenever I have family visiting, and we have the time, we trek over for a delicious dinner at Bado's.
She didn't seem bothered by my request.
But there is a fair amount of space for people to walk about freely when going to the door.
Yes, but be sure you have a car and are okay with gritty cities.\n\nPros:\nBeautiful rooms.
This place is actually pretty neat.
The potatoes that came with my trout was pretty sweet like maple.
The waitress was very nice and explained everything and was upfront about the upcharges.
Awesome drink specials during happy hour.
I've been here many times when I used to work in the area and the food is always good.
The watermelon is really sweet and delicious too!
Its much better than subway although that is not saying much nowadays.
love love love the steaks they make!!!
Went to Walt's Auto for an inspection after seeing all of these great reviews on Yelp, and was so happy I did.
\n\nWe were too full to have dessert.\n\nOur check came to $50, but $14 of that was beer, we each had a beer with dinner.\n\nthis restaurant is reasonable, and delicious.
There is a neat stage and tons of picnic tables.
Finally, the beer battered fish sandwich I had been looking for (I'm starting quite a few of my reviews off like this lately.
perfume, flowers, nice gifts, books, magazines.
Every dish is better than the last.
The experience was quiet, reflective, and mind stimulating.
Really there's not a bad theater in Pittsburgh, but this just has my heart.
The service is absolutely the best!!!!!!
I've started attending a defensive pistol shooting club and one of my friends has lent me a gun to use, but I need some of the accessories to go with it.
Notable mentions are the US Airways Flight 1549 Airbus that crashed in the Hudson River back in 2009, a DC-3, CH-47 Chinook, an F-4 Cockpit, an Air Force One Replica, as well as several other neat aircraft.
I cannot recommend this place enough; try it and I bet you agree.
Domestic beer is usually like $3.
Yes, if I want some fresh spring rolls (Gi cun), I'll probably head to Tram's, but when I want pho, I want no nonsense pho, and Pho Minh is the place to be.\n\nOn a sidenote; their other dishes are pretty good too, but for me I'm heading to Pho Minh for their pho.
This dish in and of itself is one of the best, if not the best thing I have ever eaten.
I'll update this as we go along.\n\nPS they have really cool bookmarks available with your photo and you can have a name written in on it- it looks really sharp!
But they do a fabulous job and it's super easy to park in the garage, hop out and enter in \""650\"" on the key pad and someone will let you in through the back door.
After a very bad experience at Stanton Optical, it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Susan at Wisconsin Vision.
This airport was amazing because I got through security in 5 minutes, but it felt like it was 90 degrees inside and I was sweating like crazy.
The Brown Ale is delicious (and award winning) and my favorite of the group.\n\nWhile Rock Bottom features beer, they hang their hat on food.
\nNow for the food...their pizza is so yummy!
However, my opinion is that most true high end steakhouses all have similiar quality steak.
I am just glad that there is a huge double decker parking lot.
He cleaned his plate.\n\nI wish I had seen the Thursday special before I ordered!
We bought tile for the backsplash in our kitchen for $20.\n\nOh yeah, it also feels pretty awesome to not have this stuff end up in a landfill, since there's little wrong with it, other than someone didn't want it anymore.
Chose it for the waffle which was great, but star was that house made maple ice cream: bursting with sweet maple flavor with a creamy texture.
\n\nWhat I am a fan of is a place that can actually cook your meat to the requested temperature.
Everyone has different tastes and stipulations when it comes to their favorite pie, which makes me wonder: Is there really a \""best pizza\"" out there?
said, the light rail makes a very convenient stop there too.\n\nTheir social media department is fabulous!
Consistent food quality, clean, and most important to me for judging Chinese food is a fresh cooked egg roll.
I also really enjoy the breaded catfish.
But when I do remember I am very excited to go there!
\n\nHowever, if you feel like splurging and having dessert, they have a delectable assortment of cakes and pies that look like the ones grandma used to make.
Of the Big Burrito group restaurants Casbah is the one that has never failed us.
This was my first time at the Elbow Room at their new location on Walnut Street (previously located on Ellsworth Avenue.) My friend and I met for a low key Friday night dinner, but when we arrived at 6:30pm, to our surprise - it was PACKED!!
I've never had a bad meal here.\n\n4.
I still had bread on my plate and I also needed a knife to cut through the baguette French-toast-like dessert - would have liked to enjoy it but I couldn't.\n\nAll in all, a great brunch.
Fantastic little Mexican joint in the quiet little town of Charlotte MX...
I like walking, and took the stairs, which actually does not lead into the salon.
This place was a nice venue.
All were amazing and on par with the quality I found in Italy.
\n\nI am thrilled for the expansion in the fall!
As far as sides, I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.
Quick service, amazing coffee, nice vibe.
Even as a native NC who grew up thinking Charlotte was fabled cosmopolitan city, I was surprised to see how recently Charlotte had a small-town culture.
I myself had been so fortunate to attend my first year and was completely awed.
Very good man drinks, very good lady drinks.
Yes, the thought crossed my mind!
The service is always quick and friendly.
The owners are very friendly and the food is just as good as any authentic Chinese/Thai takeout place.
The scallops were cooked perfectly, and I mean PERFECTLY.
It is about the same as playing football with a high school football team.
\n\nI love when places surprise you!
While it doesn't get the full star ride from me, I can see why others give it high praise.
The eggs were average, and the bacon was pretty skimpy, but the pancakes.
\n\nI like the dark, cozy feel of the restaurant with drum shade lighting.
$3 for draft and a big selection of beers so good times.
This was fine for me since they were not rushes and she asked when the events were, so she knew they didn't need to be done right away.
Other than the food, their tea selections are great-- try the spiced chai.\nMy experience on weekend nights has been a full house with a mix of family groups at the tables, and college-age groups enjoying hookah in the pillow clad booths of the tea area.
It was not busy when we asked for our car and it easily took 15-20 minutes.\n\noverall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon.
There was an excellent hint of smoke to deepen its flavor, and that was further enhanced by the BBQ sauce to provide a sweet higher note, strong black peppery secondary, and anchored by a noticeable spicy kick that reverberates with good hops.
Got a pedicure here today and it was a good experience.
I wasn't buying the most expensive dress in the place but he certainly made me feel like I was.
There are no desserts.\nThere is a good selection of beer & mixed drinks -- nothing fancy, but adequate and fairly priced for your average sports fan.\nThe staff is very friendly and professional and are able to accomodate large crowds with ease -- given a little advanced notice.
There is always room for improvement but these guys did a great job.
Good prices for hooch, particularly if you pay in cash.
You would expect it to be chaotic, but I've never had a bad travel experience in this airport, and I travel alot, for both business and pleasure.\n\nFree Wi-Fi....need I say more?
\n\nUpon walking in, I was thrown back into the likes of such wonderful restaurants as Salam and Semiramis...but with Donuts!
Now, if Andy seasoned the sushi rice as sushi rice should be seasoned, then I'd have to give the guy at least a 4.5 star rating (fresh ingredients, ample servings, creativity, appearance or presentation and seasoned sushi rice on top of all of that).
I had a turkey sausage, egg and cheese sandwich and loved it.
I love the general's or Orange Chicken.
Awesome Dinos and terrific tour guides.
But still quality meat so no complaints.
They beat out the competition because of their excellent prices, selection, and their quality.
Our server was happy and excited to be there.
Otherwise, the service is good, the food consistent, and the atmosphere pleasant for a neighborhood pub.
And honestly, I've never been disappointed.
If you like Trader Joe's check out Home Economist, and don't let the sketchy strip mall location put you off, the low rent helps keep the overhead down.
\n\nThe cheese was very good and the accoutrements well-paired.
At any rate, Uptown Retreat is a healthy, full five (5) stars.
So I've been hearing this joint has one of the \""Best\"" burgers in town.
He definitely made sure we didn't have any questions.
Nonetheless food is great, this place is def worth checking out.
The staff is friendly and you'll often see Mr.
This is no head shop, so don't waste your time looking for pipes made from materials other than briar or meerschaum.\n\nI dropped a good amount of dough here considering it was my first visit.
Spicy chicken was actually spicy which was nice.
If you love stainless steel cookware, they have anything you want from All Clad, made right in Canonsburg Pa.
It's not much to look at, but is clean, great service, and good food.
The best strategy is to call ahead.
The price of admission was well worth it considering movies are about $10 for only 1-2 hours.
Tullock went above and beyond his duties to help me.
I have got to say that after going, I am defitiley a fan.
I really enjoyed the bbq pork ribs, I highly recommend them!
My friend was super upset with the scallops and thought they tasted bad.
I always have great, prompt service and the same window seat every time I come here.
The burger was tasty as well, but it was extremely under cooked.
Their pork tenderloin was amazing and cooked well and the Maker's gastrique was a great compliment.
The food was great as was the service.
I loved stuffed cabbage and the mash potatoes were certainly home made and not instant (could you imagine the horror if they were instant?).
The antipasti were lovely - the lightly seasoned calamari was divine and the fresh mozzarella and olive platter was splendid.
I highly recommend this bakery to anyone!
I will definitely get tit again!
The customer is always right.\n\nAt 2/$5, it's a bit pricier than what I'd expect a taco to cost elsewhere, but in Pittsburgh competing with other food vendors in the Strip, it's priced just right.\n\nThey also do chicken, pork and beef tacos as well as burritos ($5 as well), but if you're in the mood for awesome, do yourself a favor and get some LENGUAAAA.
Fortunately, I was able to enjoy the godfather part I several times this winter before it closed.
When we had to put our children on a diet free of gluten and dairy, we were lost -- until we found the East End Food Co-op.
I visited a few, they all do good work, but the one that kept drawing me back was the ARL.
Everything is affordable, so you can easily feed your frozen dessert addiction.
daughters mac n' cheese was a bit blander than expected but not a bad thing considering it was for a child at the end of the day.\n\nservice was good, but our server seemed to have to go on break or something for about 1/2 hour 2/3 of the way through our meal which was unexpected.
I'm also a huge fan of their potatoes for breakfast and especially with their gravy.
\nIn my opinion it's not worth a trip across town, but with friends in Dormont it's a sure stop if I'm visiting over that way.
I didn't even make it through the majority of the place since my 3 year old was getting cranky, but was completely amazed by what I saw.
\nMy congratulation on being a place that I have visited for over 10 years and still makes the mark of having great staff, great food and ambiance.
I wonder if they'd be better placed Uptown, since the surrounding restaurants are a little lower-key, but I'm totally cool with not having to deal with all that entails to come here.\n\nThe food ranged from good to impressive.
\n\nI have been to Mert's four times in the past year and have been pleased with each visit.
The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too.
Worth it because it is right at Lidia's front door and if you planning on visiting the Strip Shops afterwards, it is an all day price.
I will certainly come back and update this review!\n\n**A special thanks to Matthew L.
One of the best places in Charlotte for continual live music.
This place is alot like Vincents of Green Tree.
\nThe wireless internet, on the other hand, was unnecessarily expensive ($15 per day?
The Italian food was amazing, but you can not leave without a dessert and be prepared for giant serving.
The produce is fresh and for regular grocery you have a wide variety of healthy choices.
The Exhibits were few but there were some powerful ones and some funny ones.
The food is great, it's in a super cute hood, the atmosphere is cozy and comfy, and the service is always spot on.
They got right to making the marks in which they were going to fix and made me feel so welcome.
Mozeyani for giving me my vision so seamlessly.
Like most bars in Charlotte it's filled with smokers but that's par for the course in NC.
But I still like Paschal's fried chicken better.
Upstairs has jazz music, while downstairs has a bunch of little tables for small parties.\n\nI'll definitely be back!
Pretty good and decently priced for a Thai place.
Good takeout, but still - it didn't seem heightened in any way.
One of the best Sushi experience I had so far.
Sounds good for lunch today though!\n\nWe both had salads, her's the mixed greens with garlic vinagrette and mine a Caesar.
I think there were also apples.\n\nWe waited for our massages (which were 80 mins aromatherapy massages that were at a discount because they were the special promotional ones for the Thanksgiving holiday) and our massage therapists came to get us.
They are exactly like the tablecloths I saw in a little hole-in-the-wall restaurants throughout Vietnam.
Our asparagus was perfectly cooked and was accompanied by a delicious hollandaise.
My family and I have strong ties to Pittsburgh despite living in the Akron, Ohio area.
A nice start for the last leg of our road trip.
There are so many other things on the menu that I would love to try as well such as the banana chocolate chip pancakes, the breakfast burrito, ect.\n\nI would certainly go back to this place and hope that I do the next time I am in the Pittsburgh area.
Needless to say, the incessant music did little to enhance what was meant to be a nice night out together.\n\nI hate holding this against the hotel as they had no control over it and the staff was very sympathetic, but it nonetheless significantly impacted our stay.
This place was totally close to lots of things -- the river, the football and baseball stadiums, etc.\n\nBut anyways, had a good two-nite stay.
Those other places that I mention you'll definitely be paying alot more for marginally better sushi - at least in my opinion.
I also had mango & sticky rice for dessert.\n\nWe all thought that the food was great.
And the hot sake was pretty good, even though I don't like sake all that much.\n\nReally my only [minor] complaint was the service.
The bread is perfectly toasted on the outside, and soft on the inside.
Shocked, yes, but happy I said yes.
But still, it is nice enough to check out.
It's very alive and animated with people everywhere!
I think it's more Chicago-like than Rosati's (and better too).
I went at lunch, so it was a little crowded for my liking, but that's to be expected.
\n\nThe bagels are appropriately chewy, and they've got a great selection.
Love love love me some Monterrey.
The food at Joe's Rusty nail is GREAT.
It is definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh.
Maybe then I'll be cool enough for the pub.\n\ndmo out
I switch between the original pancakes and their banana walnut pancakes.
We both enjoyed our meal and would recommend both menu items.
Some may love the cheese but I, like Darren, found it overwhelming.
He had me drop off his leather jacket to have a tear repaired last year and they did a fantastic job.
So good it was worth getting fat for.
If you want to sweat, exercise, and have fun they have it all.
Everyone that works here is very friendly.
The place is the shiz you can watch everything from Buster Keaton to blacksploitation to british drama to movies from, i'm pretty sure, every country in the world.
I typically do take out and it is well worth the drive
Everything looked appetizing.\n\nGreat spice and herb section, I bought some freshly ground ginger and some wonderful sweet and smoked paprikas.
My companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup, wild mushroom omelet, and a glass of fresh orange juice.\n\nWhile waiting for our food, we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins, scones, and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.\n\nThe smoked salmon came with capers, minced red onion, crumbled egg, a drizzle of aioli, and a beautiful fried potato cake.
\n\nI decided quickly: I wanted to have a dish of scramble \""something\"" (hahaha, I found this funny, I was wondering what \""something\"" meant.
Been a fan since I was a little kid.
However, considering that it's Pittsburgh, this is probably the best Asian store around.
excellent reasons to do your wash here:\n\n - the air conditioning is pumping!
I would recommend giving this place a try for sure.
Glad to see this organization is focused on the needs of spirituality as well.
Everything I've bought there has been better than I anticipated.
He definitely adds to the pleasurable experience.
Had a party there on Friday night and it was great.
While it was good it wasn't life changing.
His concern and desire to make sure the repairs were completed to my satisfaction was much appreciated.
I took myself out on a date to celebrate the end of the semester teaching at ITT at Maharani last night.
We've tried many different varieties of the dark blends, and all are delicious.
YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH THESE FOLKS!
However, thanks to positive reviews on Yelp, I continued inside and had a very good meal.
The food service staff was very accommodating and friendly!
Comfort food in its best form: not expensive,\nand competitive with other local BBQ joints, even famous ones.
I dunno, something like that, but it had all kinds of enchiladas and stuff with it and he said it was good - even the corn frittery thing that was on the side.
Definitely my go-to for price and quality, but, despite being my standard, it doesn't have that extra je ne sais quoi that would make a five star slice.
This review is for both the particular location that I used back on September 23rd, 2012 and for Avis' customer service on their 800 number just now.\n\nI had arrived to Pittsburgh at 6am via bus from NYC and had several options for renting a car (see photo).
We were immediately seated, so far so good.
The service is great, owner is on top of everything and her staff is always helpful and friendly.
\n\nI love it and I will definitely be back.
The service is outstanding, the food is fresh tasting.
Appetizers are amazing like the raw oysters.
I have been eating at Luigi's since before birth (my mom loves this stuff).
\n\nDefinitely recommend giving this a try.
A beautiful restoration of a lovely old building, the Priory is a comfortable, tasteful, beautiful hotel in a convenient part of the city.
Or something like that.\n\nThe point is, the food here is really good.
The best (and basically the only) place to go for Halloween in Champaign.
The crust was crunchy, the garlic and herbs in the oil sauce were tasty and the cheese was decent as well.
In the end you can feel good about him as a human being because he won't resort to less than favorable behaviour.
I'm happy I had lunch there and if you try it I believe you will to.
Only downfall is they can be a wee but friendlier at the front desk .
The staff is very helpful, and you can call ahead and see if they have the book you are looking for.
They found a way to make exposed brick walls and large indsutrial fans classy.\n\nTheir cocktails are absolutely great, at the top of the list is a proper gin martini with an olive or twist.
This dish was interesting for me as I was not a big fan of having the squid in the sauce alone but really enjoyed it whenever I combined it with some of the vegetables.
There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion, take a client for a business lunch, or just enjoy a fantastic steak.
\n\nWe bought tickets to see a comedian I had never heard of (he was decent) for $25 each with a two item purchase minimum.
So even if you're full after breakfast or lunch, grab one of the desserts to go for later enjoyment.
The bf was starving per usual, so he started with the crab bisque, which he said was \""awesome\"".
The S&S Chicken was wonderful as well.
You get two free personal training sessions when you join.
However, the ambiance overall was very enjoyable, and I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night or special occasion.
I must say, I was very pleased with this place, especially given its location.
\n\nAll in all, this place is great.
The illini roll had a kick to it, quite spicy, but I love spiciness.
The lobster bisque needed more lobster, but the bisque was quite good and not too strong.
\n\nSo if you should be admitted to the children's sections of the hospital I hope you a speeding recovery and a pleasant experience like I have received many times.
And perhaps I'm lying a tiny bit, I do love me some George Jones.
In addition to the food, the atmosphere was really cool and the service was fantastic.
The cornbread has to be some of the best I have ever had.
Most people have probably never been to a place like this and it's an experience AND a meal which I like.\n\nThe meal comes on a large plate with the spongy bread and on top of it is a garden salad with a light Italian dressing, a pureed dish of some sort that's amazing, and the protein you've chosen with onions, spices and a sauce.
Also, go to Giant Eagle to purchase your discounted tickets.
\n\nThe restaurant is on the small side, however when my husband and I had an early dinner there, we shared the space with a large group.
Everything I tried was better than the rest.
Anyway, I already knew some cities in North Carolina have my favorite fast food restaurant!
I definitely recommend this once for simple diner food done well.
The room has free Starbucks medium roast coffee, with coffee maker in your room.
Went to Ullrich's to have them redone and after 6 months of hard walking, the heels are still wearing great.
Dorcas is one of the best Korean restaurant in CU in my opinion.
My partner and I were able to find several interesting beers we had not seen at other locations in Charlotte.
She is very knowledgeable and willing to help me out.
The crapes are simple, but always good.
My 93 year old grandma is an ice cream maven and Klavon's is her definition of heaven.
Their honey garlic boneless wings are delicious.
Yes, folks, traditional sushi rice is seasoned with a slight glaze and a very subtle sweetness.
My friend and I headed to Harper's for a quick dinner before catching a movie at Phillip's Place.
Great view of PNC Park from our room.
Great quality German food and beers.
Best bet is chicken - it's soft and delicious.\n\nThe other dish which I would highly recommend is the Garlic Chicken.
I like what one reviewer said though, def don't dress up of you are going to drink here...
(It was a make-up Father's Day dinner.) All were fabulous.
You can find this link near the top, right side of the screen on the main Overview page on thier website.
Bagel Factory churns out delicious perfections of bakery like no one's business and we were told that the Penguins get their bagels from here too so we know we are in the right place.
Haroldson is a sweetheart and can probably put any nervous pet-parent at ease.
Chicken Mac and Sausage Mac were both great.
Trust your servers recommendations, and get the Salmon & Mushroom sashimi
I find Olive Garden restaurants have consistently higher quality not only compared to the other franchise stores in it's price range, but also notably better than some family owned Italian restaurants I could name.
This is also a great place to find a great assortment of cheeses and grass fed butter ( I go for the kerry gold products, they are just awesome).
Don't miss out on the basement kid's room, because it's full of hands-on activities for the young ones.\n\nWe will definitely keep our membership current as the years go on - it's timeless, and always fun!
They have amazing cheesecakes, breakfast options and yummy sammies.
Food is great service is good.
It's affordable and delicious, definitely a no-brainer for a great, casual night out with friends.
She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections...
This was the last stop on the \""Brother Visits Ne'er Do Well Kid Sister and Treats Her to Meals\"" tour.\n\nWe started with the Indonesian corn fritter wraps, which were delicious with the chili-soy dipping sauce.
\n\nThey can provide literature that helps increase your understanding of various supplements and conditions.
Kind of like something you'd had for a family gathering that has plenty of love put into it.
This is a good place for those of us who are trying to eat mainly vegetarian (i.e.
Got to eat here for free so have no idea how much the food costs.
The wait ayah was friendly and inciting and my food was tremendously delicious.
The waiters were very friendly and the food wasn't too pricey.
We were told it would be a half hour before it would be ready but that was fine because we had to drive to pick up anyway.
\n\nWhole Foods can be pretty expensive, but if you don't fall for the tempting packaged foods, you can get away with a reasonable grocery bill!
\n\nYes, it might be a little higher priced than other grocery store options in Madison, but the customer service, quality, and variety of food is worth it.
\n*burger\n*onion rings\n\nIt was my first time ever trying fried pickles, and I'm a fan!
Our server, Denise, was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable.
We just got back from our dinner at the Pleasure Bar.
Abnormally high 4 stars from me, but today at lunch it was just amazing.
Good coffee, nice walking street, good selection of teas and little gifty things, good pastries, *excellent* scones, and it's not that other green-logo'd coffee place.
The beer cheese is some of the best we ever tasted AND we recently went to Germany!
\n\nI had a card for a free appetizer from a capital grille in Philly, so I was able to to use it at the Charlotte location for a free appetizer.
The staff at this location is fantastic.
The wings were also really good, maybe even among the top three chicken wings that we had the whole trip.\nI would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the Pittsburgh area or anyone who is crazy enough to drive 7 hours for a hot dog.
\n\nAs we moved onto dessert, the choices were hard because everything sounded extremely delectable.
I also got the side salad which came with a really great homade sundried tomato dressing (also the salad was under $3 which you don't find anywhere these days).
You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back.
They also create an appearance of things are slower here, you don't need to rush to your gate, just take a seat and relax.
Free breakfast buffet for the guest?
It's definitely cheaper than Penn Mac though, so if you're looking for smaller quantities, or some more common cheeses, check here first.
Went here after a run in nearby Frick Park, which I felt gave me license to have a (delicious) hot dog washed down with a few great beers.
ago but the hostess was nice enough to tell me that she would seat us next.
\n\nThe food has always been good and fresh.
They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies.
\n\nI chose the sandwich with bacon and cheese and it was definitely consistent with the other times I have been there, but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol.
Yeah - I should have known beforehand that banks provide their customers with free notary services, but, frankly, I never really thought about it.
Perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl.
They also have a wonderful honey dijon for the chicken gyros.
And I left with a great deal on some new products.
Awesome selection & the staff kicks it, arse that is \nThat being said, support them.
I waited in line at one and wasn't able to get the breakfast sandwich I so desired.
Great variety of tastes and the caribbean chicken gumbo is excellent!\n- Substitutes?
\n\n2) This place is the people mover capital of the world.\n\n#2 is unofficial, but my God...
Actually this is one of my favorite airports.
When all was said and done it was by far some of the best food that I have tasted recently and all of my concerns from previous posts were undone with the service being great and having no wait for our table.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that this restaurant had wonderful food and not too high of a price point and I will definitely be back.
Picture cartoon charicatures on the wall of patrons and famous folks who have eaten there.\n\nDefinitely a solid steak dinner.
I was in awe at how beautiful the old buildings were.\n\nLike others, I could write on and on about how great this school is.
Spent my last hour at the gate when I would've preferred to have been spending money on a second drink and a nice dinner.
My hair stylist Vanessa is great.
The food was excellent, the setting was beautiful and things went according to plan.
This is a quiet little nook in Highland Park that is perfect for tea, coffee, snacks and getting some work done or catching up with an old friend.
Oh yes, and it's no smoking!
In every restroom there is an attendant who hands you paper towels to dry your hands and goes around keeping the bathrooms clean.
Fries, coleslaw, provolone, whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread.
But overall a great find for a really decent price.
Like all the other bars, this place gets quite crowded on weekends and as everyone else here has commented on, the jukebox is loud and, at $1 a song, gets heavy use/abuse.
\n\nBest part of all...they are not expensive at all for less than $10 you can get a very filling hot meal...which in my book is not bad at all!\n\nThe staff here are all super friendly and the manager walks around asks about your day and even refills your drinks!
This is one of the busiest Enterprise locations, so it helps to have the direct contact information of one of the managers there.
This is seriously one of the BEST dishes I've ever had in a restaurant.
During the adoption process the employees were polite and seemed genuinely happy for me.
Growing up in Swissvale, we got a battleship for every football game, birthday party, and so on..
\n\nAnother thing that I would like to mention is that their prices here are right in line if not better than most the popular online homebrew stores and you don't have to pay shipping.
Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.
Frick Park Market's extensive selection of Boar's Head meats and cheeses, Breadworks baked goods, and homemade soups makes it a solid choice for a simple, inexpensive lunch.
Love, love, love Stephanie for Akashic records.
Just strong enough too - I sipped it throughout the whole meal.\n\nWe started with the grilled baby octopus, which actually was great!
Clearly the metro Ys looked at their competition and have come to compete.
The kitchen is right there for you to watch and its worth watching this chef do his thing!
Items have always been one time and done well.
I used a moderate dollop of tartar sauce on my sandwich, which was great, but I'm sure the sandwich would have stood up fine without it, too.
I've always loved this bar and have gone since it opened.
We went there for dinner tonight, and it was fabulous.
I stayed here for a corporate holiday party that was held in their large ballroom and really enjoyed myself.
The kind of food and place you want to head when you cheat on your diet, watch some footbal and chat up with the locals.\nThe staff was very good.
Still a great night though- definitely recommend.
Always dim and has a cool atmosphere.
\n\nCompared to other Whole Foods I've been to, I would actually rate it a 3 but considering I do not know of any other Whole Foods around, I thought it's my duty to those that do not know about Whole Foods a chance to give it a try.
I recommend making reservations and firmly request to be seated down stairs.
I had the Denver scramble, which had the perfect amount of cheese on top.
I paid 1/2 the price at this spot and Ka was awesome.
Of course, I say all this having gone there for a firm dinner, when everything was free to me.
Everyone I show this place to loves it.
You can save over 10% using cash there and that's at least a tax savings.
Fields, Cinnabon, BofA ATMs, and a number of local and regional counters including Brookwood Farms Carolina BBQ\n-A business center with available high-speed Internet, conferencing, faxing, copying, etc.\n\nCLT is now the tenth-busiest airport in the country, and getting busier.
D's is one of our favorite places in Pittsburgh.
\nFast, entertaining, friendly and did I say fast?
How sweet is that?\n\nMy only complaint is that we went just after 5 and it was so dark in the restaurant I could hardly see the menu.
The steak was cooked perfectly and the crabcake was a good size.
I ordered a Full Pint Festivus draft, which is a great brown ale from a brewery in North Versailles that I've heard wonderful things about.
But the bread pudding was only $6 and sounded so novel that I had to give it a try.
I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here.
I was nervous I wouldn't get good service after reading some of the reviews but the waiter was friendly and checked in at the right times.
Best drum shop between Chicago and Memphis!
Hoegaarden on tap\nWhen you're in an Uptown mood\nRi Ra is the bomb
The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans.
I'll definitely return (for take out only).
Of course I chose a Southern Tier 2X IPA and he chose a Yuengling, Rose knew all of her regulars and was friendly with everyone.
\n\nI climbed in the free fall area without ropes.
I would have to say that this is some of the best Indian I've had in pittsburgh so far.
This is the place to go to fulfill that urge.
It isn't like my nail girls go to a special school to learn how to please me specifically.
You can get sushi at a number of places in Pittsburgh.
\n\nAtmosphere is VERY Texas, which leads to the Sooner fan in me resisting the urge to turn all the longhorn artwork upside-down.
For some reason my expectations were pretty low (location maybe?) but I figured since the reviews weren't bad, I would give it a try.
This Hampton Inn & Suites at Phillips Place was beautiful and pristine!
I ordered fan fried dumplings and chicken wings.
Five years ago I might have been more okay with an edgy haircut, but now that I have a \""real job\"", I feel more inclined to have normal hair.\n\nHere's the thing, Richard is an awesome stylist if you give him a lot of leeway and let him do his thing.
Be polite and get good service.\n\nI don't think Madison's foodies would give this place four stars.
I should also note that the portions are pretty large by Indian restaurant standards.
I've been told he has the \""hookup\"" so make sure you get with him if you need anything special.
The bathrooms stick out in your mind though, because they're down some narrow stairs and seemingly so far away they might as well be in a different building.
It was beautiful and really made realize right then what kind of place this was.
Not bad at all would do it again.
Sometime, you may have to wait 15-20 minutes for the machine to free.
we love to go to this place when we are in visiting the in-laws.
Frick (let's be real: the Johnstown Flood and handling of the Homestead Strike would have tarnished Mother Teresa's image), the Museum and Historical Site are *well* worth your time.
This place has improved so much.
I have forsaken my darling Adrian's for Angelo's...
I was greeted and the man was very cordial.
The fennel orange risotto was so good, unique taste.
The brunch is the best I've been too - even our kids love it.
\n\nWow, has she gotten a makeover: ATM in the corner, a bathroom for patrons (one that is actually somewhat clean!) and the absence of that old person-Ben-Gay smell.
I thought that my meal was tasty and that it was cooked to my liking.\n\nI have also been here for lunch and had the opportunity to sit outside which was nice because it is a great location for people watching.
While waiting for the order, we were provided with fresh bread with white bean olive oil dip.
they're seemingly innocent which makes them all the more lethal.
Our favorite thing to eat here, though, are the Carolina Honey Bites off the appetizer menu.
If you're a gin drinker, I highly recommend the Bee Keeper (my favorite) and Gin Blossom.
The wait staff is always friendly, there is a nice beer selection and I hear the food is good too (though I've never tried it).
My daughter had the wet ribs and only shared a single bite (don't blame her a bit).
Then there have been times where I've felt like a nuisance for my presence.
As far as I can tell, Upstream is the best (nicest) restaurant in Charlotte, and I'm not sure it's close.
Great place to meet up with friends...not too loud, not to crowded.
I love this friendly, neighborhood gym.
From the decadent lobster bisque soup to the crunchy, earthy goodness of truffled french fries, you simply can't stay within a reasonable calorie count for a proper meal here.
If you are looking to get away, relax, have a romantic weekend, enjoy nature, this is a great place.
\n\nHad the Harvest-something-or-other(english muffin topped with cream cheese, fresh veggies and poached eggs--hold the hollandaise, please!) which was so great!
The staff is always friendly and the wait time is never as bad as other restaurants.
I'm one of those where 'nothing is perfect and there's always room for improvement' thank goodness I'm not a teacher.
I have also enjoyed their fresh sushi.
We spent a lot of time playing in the water table last year when our son was only 19 months.
It's a delightful memory from my trip.
review on the pizza sounds great too.....looking forward to trying it.
Water pressure in the shower was excellent.
I had the sweet potato hash.
This is my impression upon entering Hartigan's.
Sweet little shop - great place to take the kiddos, and nice to see a huge selection of hand dipped cones and it's a nice departure from the yogurt bars.
It happens to be conveniently located down the street from us and was recommended by a friend.
Huge scallop wrapped in crispy proscuitto bacon and cooked just for the right amount of time.
Everything is good and the service is great.
I had the pleasure of taking a coworker to Mert's for her first time today.
And, while you have to do the work yourself, it's really rewarding to walk out of there with a bike you fixed yourself.
I wish we'd had more time here - this place was a blast.
If you (like me) choose to order the corn to ease your conscience (after all, it is a vegetable, right?)...do not be fooled.
Everything was seasoned and cooked perfectly.
:)\n\nDo yourself a favor and check out this place.
This little Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant is now opening locations in other cities like Columbus and Philly.
Service was a bit slow, but will definitely keep going back.
The chicken tenders are hand breaded and have been my favorite since a small child!
Good Food, Good Beers, Better Prices.\n\nTry the Patio outback, you'll love it.
She remembered having given a magnetic \""Ben At Work\"" sign to a friend and called that friend up to ask whether she might be able to get it back.
Panera is the best option for \""fast food\"" in my opinion.
They dont have too many vegetarian options i kind of wish they did.
Sushi Kim is already charging a whopping $24 per person--it would be nice if they throw in a dessert bar to sweeten up the deal (pun intended).
The Rachael was really good- the rye was marble which I prefer.
Not being a fan of catfish, I didn't taste it, but rather focused on finishing every last bit of my etoufee.\n\nCajun Queen is definitely a little taste of New Orleans in Charlotte, and we shall return again soon.
But until recently, had not stopped into this Harper's.
However, our table was ready soon after we arrived.
It was flavorful, but frankly a good sea bass should be treated better IMO.\n\nI got the cheesecake for dessert which frankly, wasn't all that great.
Always love a free breakfast, but is also a great grocery and cafe next door.
We were seated right away, and we all admired the gorgeous dining room space.
However, both times I called well after the date she told me they would be done and then she would tell me they would be done by the end of the week (they always were).
I would definitely come back to Quiet Storm since they've got me curious about their other dishes.
And when I found out my car had to stay at the shop for a few hours, they offered me a free ride home.
The service stands out at Cap Grill and, as long as you're in the mood for deliciously prepared but simple dishes, you won't be disappointed.
Their reception area is pretty nice too (especially for a car place).
Their sushi is excellent and that's usually what I get if we're not there during happy hour.
For my entree I ordered a special - Yellow Fin Tuna with a grain of some sort and asparagus - I had it cooked medium, and it was great.
( I think it is the sun- I forget) Anyway, the terrace sits toward the north and it would be pretty tough to paint the sun there.
Please go by and donate to this USO.
Upon opening it I was also pleased to see that the slice was pretty large.
Now before you jump on me about all the awesome places with great healthy food, let me say that we had my 1 year old along for the trip and most restaurants don't particularly appreciate shrieking kids.
This sales associate was exceptional and smelled really good.
I would recommend visiting Al Mikes with out-of-towners, after work drinks or a romantic dinner date.
We are staying around the corner and looking for a place to get good cheap breakfast and we found it at Showmars!!!
Lakeisha, the awesome employee that answered the phone didn't flinch when I said I needed the lunches in an hour.
We spilled a drink and before we could ask for help they had a stack of napkins ;)
Location is great because you can paddle right from the back door.
I was having a good time and an even better time when offered drinks and striking up conversation.
My absolutely favorite dish is the potato gnocchi.
My husband and I had the most awesome experience at Prestos our waiter Alex and Alaina were the best they suggested the shrimp & grits and the chicken martini and both were great!
I live an easy walk from the Swissvale Giant Eagle, but I often drive to this location for the superior selection.
Thank God I got there on $4 margarita night.
I knock a single star off only because the service, while not bad, wasn't great either.
I am from Pittsburgh, but now live in Detroit and I think about Girasole often as a special place to go when you want some great Italian comfort food, and a loud, bustling atmosphere.
Golden Harbor might have a little bit better tasting food but this is about half the price.
Just wish it were open on Sunday :)
They also have educational board games that would be good for children (don't read that as boring either).\n\nWhy not five stars?
I mean, where else can you get discounted Bliss products??\n\nI generally don't have a lot of success with shoes at TJ Maxx because they never seem that discounted to me, but I have struck gold at this location several times.
(I notice details.)\n\nIt was a nice cozy place to wind up the end of my work week last night.
This is by far the best Sushi in Pittsburgh.
The breakfast was great and there was something different most every day!
It was a nice hotel, and if you are member of Guest Select (which is free, by the by), you get free wi-fi and other goodies in your room.
This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Looking for a neighborhood restaurant, with great service, fun environment.
There is definitely some interesting history here.
I just wish the sides were a bit bigger.
The atmosphere was cozy and inviting.
I will be back for sure!
The beauty of living directly next to Twisters is that well I have an unlimited supply of frozen goodies right in my backyard literally.\n\nI only get the chocolate vanilla swirl for myself and a small scoop of sugar free vanilla ice cream for the puppy.\n\nThe ladies that work there during the summer are always super nice.\n\nNothing to ever complain about here.
From the ultra sleek modern interior, to the industrial and raw materials that you'll see showcased throughout the exhibits, the McColl Center boasts some pretty cool urban exhibits along with a really enthusiastic volunteer staff!
Its got some kick, but a good kick :) Ohh, I almost forgot the complimentary appetizer that the chef sent out...
Pro shop is small, but staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
But, I feel the need to re-iterate just how great these burgers are.
\n\nIf you are looking for a place to enjoy good wine, amazing food and a pleasant atmosphere, Casbah is for you.
He made us feel like we were the most important people in the restaurant.
Probably one of the best steaks I've had.
They have a good selection of pastries and cookies, as well as a broad selection of tasty sandwiches that come with a satisfying side salad.\n\nIn addition, they have a wonderful selection of teas; I'm no expert, and don't know their supplier, but the half-dozen different blends I've tried were all memorably flavorful.\n\nAll that, and it's a lovely center of community, where you can bring your laptop or a book or a friend and spend the day.
The early bird special they currently run at $13 for a chicken and steak combo is an amazing deal too.
\n\nHere we go, I love good food...
No, said the cute guy behind the counter, that's Hungarian.
And in this busy world we all live in t A.M is the place I want to be.\n\nThanks Airtran girl, much appreicated!\n\nwww.almikes.net
sort it' effort, it's a no brainer.\n\nPluses:\nI do love the Jetson styled moving walkway\nVarious faith based religious services available on Sunday\nCool rocking chairs strategically placed throughout and along concourse\n\nMinuses:\nI would love to see more charging stations\nMore adaptable jet bridges, walking on the tarmac is sooooo lame\n\nAll in all, this airport is pretty cool.
We rode down, and received the same friendly service we received the first time in.
The floors are kept immaculate, and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station.
Was pretty busy but we were seated right away.
Both were cooked perfect and my steak was seasoned perfect.
Tryon near Ayrsley since I moved to Charlotte, but when the quality of service went downhill recently, I found myself looking for a new mechanic.\n\nCoulwood Tire & Auto in NW Charlotte came recommended by a friend, and my first visit went as well as a trip to the mechanic could.
THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh.
You can call in and order as well.
\n\nWhat to get away from the glitz and glamour of most brunch places these days?
Dang those pretzals are awful for you but so good.
However their fresh fish is out of the world if you want to make your own sushi or sashimi.
They were even sure to have a supervisor here when the county inspector came by to help answer any questions she may have.\n\nLastly, I always get several bids when I hire work done on my house, and McClintock's pricing was very competitive.
\nContinuing with the innerds of the Tuna & Kiwi roll, more Tobiko, asparagus, seared tuna with a light breading, red leafed lettuce, fresh tuna and kiwi...a la Andy's Special of the day.
They gave a strawberry shorbet between the appetizer and entree as to clean the palette.\nThe buttermilk fried chicken was amazing.
Plus, go ahead and ask for your check in advance since they seem to batch all the checks and you'll wait for that as well.\n\nOn the positive, the food was delicious, definitely worth it for the portions, but I think I would come back more often if it was a dollar or two less per dish.
On the one hand, Legends is in my opinion the best campustown/Green Street bar.
Alright, so I braved this place yesterday (new years eve) and it was totally insane.
My mom loved her chicken parm.
A great place to gather with a small group of friends and drink some beer.
Oops.), it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat.
I work in a pretty desolate area, and there isn't much to choose from in the food category.
But the most exciting part to this store is the restaurant.
Excellent, We went last night to celebrate my parents 40th Anniversary.
Next on the list: crepes.\n\nWonderful place - excellent quality food and kind staff.
It is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.\n\nIt it sometimes busy and hard to find a table (which is not surprising since it's a great spot), but I like the neighborhood feel and the staff has always been very friendly.\n\nI usually get iced Americanos in the summer and regular coffee or lattes in the cooler weather.
While you do need to price shop a bit to make sure you are getting a fair deal it has a lot of things that you just can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
In the end, it came down to two things that helped make the decision on which one to go with.\n\nThe first part of the decision was the company who made us feel the most comfortable.
They now have some Rogue ales, which are fantastic.
\n\nMy only mini gripe about Nakato is the flavor - I would have liked to have a little more heat or spice in my meal, but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for.
I will definitely order again just because of the service from their driver.
But I like it and the flame decor, it's just my thing maybe.
If there is something you want that they don't have just ask, they'll be happy to order it for you.
We liked everything except the bacon.
\n\nAshley did a great job on my hair and I am very happy with the result.
Seems like that's a standard for Madison, but I love it and I'm thrilled whenever I can order it.
We adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in Pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from Florida.
As a treat, the restaurant threw in two little servings of mango ice cream.
Beautiful ambiance, fantastic service, delicious food, and a personal toast from the owner was a great touch!
Otherwise, Smoky Jon's seems like a fun place to dine in as well (lots of exposed wooden paneling and checkered tablecloths).
They also have noontime Masses and even early evening.\n\nThe parish is welcoming and Mass has always been liturgically correct with relevant homilies.\n\nThe interior is simple, but their is beauty in that simplicity.
Although it is quite entertaining to watch some of them!!!
So they are rather pricey..\nMy favorite thing about this store was the Adoption Center.
Having grown up in C-U, I've heard my fair share of how great Dos Reales is supposed to be, but everytime I eat there, I feel like I am being rushed out the door.
They have stepped things up a notch or two, that's for sure.\n\nThe service is fast, friendly and consistent.
They have REALLY good wings (also wing nights) and food, including daily specials.
You can eat the fantastic food while plane watch for your pleasure.
The nature center has some good displays as well.
My three daughters attend Anami Montessori and it's been a wonderful experience.
\n\nNight ended with a complimentary chocolate cake.
This is one of the better Chinese places in Madison, although it can be a little spendy (not too bad, though) compared to your run-of-the-mill Chinese take-out joint.
My favorite part is getting the half sandwich (any on the menu) and half salad (which is large enough to put your head in).
I have no complaints and would certainly visit this restaurant again.
Nice and malty with minimal hops.
The have good beer prices, especially for a music venue.
Prepare to pay more than your typical diner, but you certainly won't be disappointed by the quality!
Friendly bartenders that recommend new and exciting brews/drinks even when the place is crowded.
I love playing ticket games so luckily there were a lot of games to chose from and not many video games (sorry video game lovers!) We only played $20 worth of games and surprisingly we were there for awhile.
Hopefully I am back in Charlotte soon to give it another whirl.
Preferably one that constantly offers $20 for $40 online coupon deals like Cajun Queen does.\n\nThe location is very nice - it looks like a converted home with outdoor patio seating and an enclosed back porch for when the weather is nice.
\n\nThe crust is in word, umm, ahhh, AWESOME!
Delivery is also pretty nice, although I've had trouble on occasion getting my order through clearly via the telephone.
It was good.....pretty similar to most blackened food....not exactly signature like I would compare my dish to!
Thanks Diane for having my breakfast ready everyday.
Nice place to stop after some shopping if ya know where it is.
A few friends and I had so much fun wandering the place.
There's quite a bit of Impressionism, which by scientific fact all women love.\n\nThis is great way to spend a long afternoon and there's plenty to do in Oakland afterwards.
This is a great place to buy re-purposed old windows, office furniture, old industrial sinks, old wood, door knobs, electrical stuff and more for construction projects.
I opted for the prociuto as the meat option and I'm glad I did.
I am a big fan of Carnitas and it is always hard to find decent Carnitas in the chex-mex dominated \""mexican\"" food places around my place in queens.
Food was great, the drinks even better, but the STAFF was the best part.
We were there celebrating birthdays on a Sunday afternoon.
I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.
Monday nights are $2.75 \""pint nights\"" where everything on the wall (and we're talking nearly 100 beers here) is only $2.75, and considering the quality of some of these this is almost impossible to beat ANYWHERE!\n\nThe glass program on Wednesday night is really cool, and if you go to their website there is even a big trading community so you can find some pretty cool stuff that the local one doesn't offer.
The people on the phone are helpful and friendly.
One of the employees, Chris, walked around with us to help us pick out exactly what we needed.
You guys do a great job 100% of the time I have had the pleasure of working with you!
After sitting there for what seemed like an eternity with empty drinks, etc., I finally had to ask if someone else was going to be our server.
Upstream was hands-down some of the best seafood I have ever had!
The chicken is nicely cut and the ground lamb and pea curry is rich and flavorful.
Then one day, magically, they're excited to go to daycare (or Bow WoW) and they don't even look back while they're led away to the playroom.
I ordered the truffle fries, very delicious.
Decent off street parking, good selection, open 24 hours and the staff is usually great.
Delicious, mouth watering diner food at diner prices.\n\nThey are open for breakfast, brunch and lunch.
Found you on Yelp and weren't disappointed.
\n\nWhen I first told one of my friends about this dessert, he told me that the thought of it made him Krispy Kreme his pants.
Once again a Hampton Inn does not disappoint!
While service can be average and above we always enjoy mixing sushi with the cooked food.
What a gem had I not read the yelp reviews, I would've passed this place by like a in house fast food joint..
Their hours are a bit shortened compared to other locations, as they close at 4pm, but stop by for breakfast or lunch (or an afternoon ice dream or milkshake snack!), and you won't be disappointed.
I had a great experience here.
Probably better if you order off the menu.\n\nI think I might want to join.
I loved the Steeler fans we met there.
we order delivery from here at least once a week, the food is good and the delivery is better :) i love the cashew chicken...mmm..and shrimp egg rolls...
I couldn't have asked for better service, a better style, or a better stylist!
May seem a little sketchy inside, but you are fine.
The indoor dining area is complimented by the (now-covered) outdoor seating area.
I've never had a bad meal.\n\nThanks bob
The bar side, where I go almost every time is much more comfortable and cooler than before.
We were hungry so we stayed and I'm glad.
\n\nservice was ok - pamela's is a pretty simple place in that aspect, you see your server when you order and to drop off the check.
This isn't to say that the staff didn't do the best they could during that night - in fact the poor girl who handled my table was very clearly doing her best to rush from table to table without dropping anything.
My parents both got a pasta dish, and there was plenty to share because these plates were packed.
:) \nOverall, a great restaurant and I cannot wait to come back try their DOC pizza- it looked superb.
Cute store...love browsing, great place to pick up unique gifts for friends.
We also tried the sweet potato gnocchi.
I'm leaving tomorrow for a trip to San Fran and need a suit for a special dinner.
This is the best pizza I have found in Pittsburgh so far.
The decor is lovely, very bohemian and cozy.
Fridays are great, all-the-time packed with hot gorgeous people.
Even better, the staff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and happy to chat.
Also had the chocolate stout cupcake, it was amazing.
Also his son just moved into the building so there are now 2 great dentists working in the same building.
\n\nI wish there was one closer to home.
This place is great for a chill dinner and drinks.
i had a fantastic experience here.
Fresh meats and very, very tasty.
Disregard the sniffy reviews by food snobs; Monty's is great at being what it is, a nouveau diner with an eclectic menu, welcoming to old and young, hipster and square, LGBT and straight,etc.
The food and staff surely make up for it!
There were no complaints and many a plate circumnavigated the table.
(Thanks for not going over the top and making this place cheesey old-timey.)\n\nVibe aside, their food is great.
Definitely worth your time to come here, I had a blast searching for stuff.\n\nAlso, in the same parking lot there is an OUTLET GOODWILL where you can clothes/purses/shoes/toys for $1.39 per pound and all household items are 50% off their ticketed price.
And tasting the capuccino here taught me that you really dont need to go to some fancy place like Pekara, Cafe Kopi, or Caffe Bene for the best capuccinos.
My fiancee is not a huge beer fan but the bartenders/waitstaff have been successful in finding him something he likes.
Lebanon Saloon is such a happy hangout for my entire family.
Excellent food and a great Dormont staple.
Don't get me wrong, this is not a restaurant that is redefining the culinary scene in the city, but it is a tasty place to enjoy your traditional burger, fries, and drink.\n\nThe atmosphere is total sports bar, but it is not overwhelmingly so.
The hotel itself was clean and quiet and the staff made us feel very welcomed.
Kimmie was awesome though, she KNOWS how to cut a guys hair.
I love the color and cut!!
The staff members were very nice and all of them greeted me cheerfully.\n\nI ended up shopping online and found a couple items that I am quite pleased with.
If only I could GET there on that week day before 4...\n\nThe waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a Saturday, and only one of her.
I'd go for a 10 next time.\n\nFrom what I read this places is among the best in Pitt, and I can see how this might be true.
I'm VERY picky about sushi, hubby loves it, and he can rarely get me to eat it.
Don't pass up a chance to eat here!
I an very happy with my haircut :) Staff are very polite too.
The chicken is pretty good.\nThis place I need to visit more to try other things on the menu.
It wasn't a big deal and it was easy.\n\nI just think they should fix their outlet/charging problem and put in new charging stations and if it's true that you have to pay for your wifi now, then they should make it free again because it's ridiculous to pay for it when it's been free in the past.
The venue isn't as cool as Coffee Tree, but the staff are always friendly, and again, the coffee is better.
We didn't even eat dinner that night!\n\nNext time we're shopping at HT on 51, Chi Thai will be an easy choice for quick takeout.
Abra took great care of the repairs on my truck.
Save yourselves a few minutes on cleaning that, I'm probably going to put new trash and crumbs in it shortly anyway.
\n\nMy main course was the Thaikkal curry, which was a fun, educational dish for me.
I really like the pear and Gorgonzola one, although it's not always on the menu.
Food in here really amazing and served very fast.
On our way back from DC to Chicago yesterday, we stopped off here since my friend swore by it.
They have my Husbands favorite draft beer all year round- Oktoberfest.
I'm so impressed by everything in this office.
Take it.\n\nSoba is a beautiful restaurant and lives up to the Big restaurant group expectations of unique flavors.
Friends know old lady Toya will be getting a basic tall coffee to kickstart a day of activities.
Food is above average, service was great, prices really low.\n\nThe sweet potato hash with tofu scramble was especially good.
says, the Dinosaurs in their time was really worth it!
It was a little greasy but pretty tasty.
I'd feel perfectly comfortable, if I had an hour layover, to walk from one end to the other and order (fast) food if I was craving food from an establishment on the other side.
D's is still the only place I've ever found the elusive Hopfenweisen by SchneiderWeiss and Brooklyn Brewery, perhaps the best beer I've ever had.\n\nWhile D's is worth it for the beer alone, the food's not bad either.
The grains were mild and complimented the tuna.
My favorite was the Thanksgiving dog back in November, with corn, mashed potatoes, cranberry, and stuffing.
\nNice dining area and great food choices!\n\nStaff is very nice and as far as i relember, there are only a few airport who have restroom attendants.
Oh, and super fantastic wine list, too!
The exhibits span a broad range of ages, and whether you're 3 or 33 (or older), you'll be educated and entertained.
I'm a huge fan of duck, and this was a new approach for me.
Fortunately, I love townie dive bars, and therefore, was comfortable with this.\n\nWe each ordered a beer on tap from the nice, older lady who was bartending, (PBR and Leinie's, if I remember correctly) and paid something like $3 total.
Cole slaw and fries on top of food that will elicit a chorus \u00e0 la Handel's Messiah from any drunkard worth her salt.
I will definitely stop by again.
Great price- got all that food for around $60 plus tip.
The seats in both the grand tier and mezzanine levels allow you to look down on the action but do offer unobstructed views.\n\nThe staff, located in the mint green jackets, are literally everywhere and available to help you find the most convenient door and path to your seats.
(internationally is far superior than my experiences at Logan).
To be honest, the rest of the food is slightly better than mediocre, but the pizza is by far the best in town.
The food here appears to be your regular run of the mill bar grub, but alas, there is something special about those loaded fries.
I went with the chocolate maki: dark chocolate mousse wrapped in a chocolate pistachio crepe and sliced to looked like a maki roll.
Everything they put in looked great, and the workers did a very good job of being minimally invasive.
The badenjanin in particular is perfectly tart and spicy, but may not be for everyone.
Indeed, if you're a seafood fan, this is your place.
The fresh pasta trio is amazing.
I personally rank this place as the best sushi restaurant in town.
C-U has always had better asian food than Chicago, but this dish, and it's always a little different, sends me to the moon.
LaVecchia's came recommended by a business associate as a nice place with great food in convenient location.
here on Yelp) already wrote a great review and I just wanted to say that I agree with her that this place is really authentic!
A nice quiet airport with plenty of shopping.
Mom ordered the Rouladen, which she enjoyed greatly.
We really enjoyed our meal there.
I was a little worried about the protein aspect, since those three items have different cooking times, but all were perfectly done.\n\nThe Cajun Queen provided us with a delicious dinner.
When you love your clothes, you need to find a dry cleaner you trust.
Classy crowd and much more mature, older, and professional crowd.
The best bbq in the world, I'm pretty sure.
I pulled in and honestly thought that Yelp directed me to a warehouse.
I typically opt to sit at the bar, where the service has always been extremely personable and fast.\n\nThe food is typical PF Chang's: delicious.
I had fried chicken and it was the best I've ever had.
those were just my favs, but i did try other things, everything YUMMY.
I asked for my shrimp on the side and I am very glad I did because I think they might have overwhelmed the salmon.
Speaking only for myself, though the bisque is the main attraction, the lobster island usually found floating in the middle is akin to the cherry topping an ice cream sundae.
Service here is excellent, even when this place is busy, which it always seems to be.
Brought family here from out of town and glad we did.
When my colleague mentioned my name, the owner told her how I like my sandwiches!\nThis is a very popular spot for fast breakfasts, good-value lunch specials, and ICE CREAM!
I would definitely come to La Pomponee again - for a relaxing day full of epic massage and good vibes.\n\nIf you're looking for more vigorous facial and want more pronounced results - you may want to look elsewhere.
\n\nMelissa and staff please hold your heads high and don't this get you down!
\n\nLet me explain, I just got spoiled, I was rewarded with delicious food, and I didn't do anything to deserve it.
The others ordered the crispy creme makers mark bread pudding and could not stop raving about it - so I would say go for it if that's your thing.
Just be careful shopping on the weekends!
We always get the vegetable tempora because its hard to find good vegetable tempora.
My son loves the cinnamon bread - I use it for his peanut butter sandwiches and it is his favorite!
This pizza is really good and you can tell that they do not pick the cheap ingredients off of the shelf.
It puts on very cool photography exhibits and has a variety of educational programs for digital and film photography for teens and adults.
Getting from gate and gate is efficient especially when you go from the main ones over to the far end for flying out on the much smaller jets.
It doesn't sound like anything special, but I got this for lunch one time and was absolutely blown away.
We all wanted to try the seasonal ravioli, which was pumpkin (too tempting for three certified pumpkin fanatics), so we got an order to share as an appetizer.
My favorite, though, is the schnitzel liechtenstein, with sauerkraut and potato pancakes.
Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating.
You'll probably want to get your sandwich to go.\n\nBut if you want a delicious cheesesteak, I don't know why you would want to go anywhere else.
Their Egg drop soup is sooo good as is the General Tso's, and they deliver FAST!
I wanted to hug them if I could.
I would recommend against the beef, which is also tender but chewy at the same time and the shrimp, which ends up being mostly tempura, but soggy because it was in the curry laksa broth.
You then have an antipasti buffet which has a staff member who stands there making sure everything is kept fresh, and to answer any questions.
YAY Mounds!!\nI've gone with my sister to get kitty litter and food here before and I really like this place!
which was an unexpected surprise as we'd been told that all sides were a la carte.
Here's a transcript of the conversation that exemplifies small-town America (at it's quirky best):\nMe: I thought you closed at 4!\nHer: Nope, we used to, but we stay open until 5.\nMe: But the door says 4...\nHer: Yep, but we like to stay open in case someone wants something.\nMe: So, you're only open this week?\nHer: Nope, every week.
As I've said on other reviews, I like my food kind of plain, so I love the Sesame Chicken or the Chicken Broccoli.
The fish was perfectly cooked, the lemon butter sauce was silky and perfectly balanced, and the side dish..
It's a wonderful experience going there and it won't totally bankrupt you.
Had a nice stay and will probably stay here again if I have to come back to visit.
Definitely recommend the lot for your next party of 20 to 25 people.
I knew they would enjoy Girasole but the wait was long so we wound up sitting outside on the patio even though it was a little cold.
I wish they would bring it back.
The burgers are huge, crumbly and messy, like a good hand made burger should be and they have a few different kinds, a friend had the lamb burger and said it was outstanding.
great beer selection and good dogz.
+lots of plugs\n\nShower is hot, a good thing, and towels are soft and fresh.
The bar is very nice is well.
If you're going to have a station like that, shouldn't there be *someone* there?\n\nEven with that, we had a nice stay.
The staff knows their stock very well.
We had a great time and so happy that they scheduled the same weekend as the Bead Show!
GF got the veggie sandwich which has portabellos, spinach, feta and onions (9$).\n\nMy sandwich was great.
Nothing like getting a relaxing Mani/pedi with a glass of wine!
The gyro is good and they are very, very generous on the yummy fresh cut fries.
Our red pizza was a similar experience as I imagine the cheese and crust were the same and while the red sauce was good, it lacked a little of the oomph that white sauce had.
Staff was the best--fast and friendly service, very attentive without interrupting us.
Peak hours can get pretty packed but the off hours are good for kicking it and catching up with some old friends.
First off the view is outstanding.
Any drink ya like at a cheap price and some cool stuff to look at.
I stopped by Bado's on a recent Wednesday for an early dinner with a friend.
go to Mardis Gras.\n\nTheir drinks are military grade weapons, that is how strong they are.
Consistently polite, clean, reliable, and safe.
I also have a deep appreciation for restaurants that do one cuisine and do it well...none of this Thai/Vietnamese/Japanese combo that only serves to confuse the diner as well as, often, the kitchen.
All in all a very good experience.
which was a discounted price of the 4 course classic option\n\nwe choose the Wisconsin trio cheese fondue, which I did not care for, the wine taste was really strong and a turn off for me.\nthe entree was really nice, we upgraded to the Mojo broth which is fabulous!
Well I guess you can't really mess up wings & drinks.
My friend got the cioppino and he enjoyed that very much.\n\nI could not even think about eating dessert.
Inconveniences include being cash only and being very, very tiny so getting a table might require some patience on a busy weekend morning...\n\n...but it is totally worth the wait.
I love the cuckoo clock and tapestries they have.\n\nNow, to the food:\nThe bread they give you...
The waitress was not that great but she was young, some things are forgiven if the product is just right.
They were slightly more acidic than many of the wings that I have had in the area and that went well with a little bit of blue cheese.
I haven't been for dinner in a while, but it was great when I went a couple of years ago.
They gave us as much time as we needed to stay with Levi and were sympathetic.
Andrew, namely, is the guy that has taken care of our needs each time we've come in.
Employees were all working hard very nice and conversational.
Basketball games are intense and a good mix of diversity.
Oh and they have a gigantic selection of pastas (including 15+ varieties of fresh cut pasta), sauces, and oils.
I have frequented many 'steak' houses, and I find Capital Grill the BEST.
We had a great bartender who made our fancy drinks taste just like I had imagined.
\nHad a good and productive hour.\nI like Sir Hobos.\nI will come back.
Great experience and I look forward to visiting the next Cap Grille in a different city.
It was served on top of a diced butternut squash with ginger brown butter.
Can't be worse than what happened to Hong Kong Chinese (read my previous review for that story).\nWhen I first walked in I was surprised by the cleanliness, and how well put together the interior looked, nicely decorated without going over the top.
They've got plenty of screens to watch your favorite event(s), and the outdoor seating on the sidewalk is good, too, if you want to escape the sports crowd but still enjoy some of the atmosphere.
The Moroccan Spiced Chicken and Dry Plum pizza is an exotic treat!
I was surprised how much I liked this place.
\nThe environment is nice and servers are polite.
When my girlfriend and I moved from NY we had to find someone reliable and trustworthy to work on our vehicles.
None of them are really any good for any of us.
That's novel enough to give Silver Mine Subs an edge over the nearby Subway.
But it makes it difficult to fully enjoy a meal when you are breaking a sweat eating it.
I could have drank a gallon of their sweet tea but I'm glad I stuck with two.
CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE ON CHEESE\n\ni love fioris.
I go here for pretty much everything when I don't want to drive too far for something.
Ate here for dinner with my mom; this was our fourth time here, to which my Mom thoroughly enjoys when visiting me while I'm okay about.
Chairs are not the worst ones I've seen, but a big plus is that the Wi-Fi is free, so watch as much Netflix as you want.
Staff is very accommodating ie you can request to sample a soup and the servers are pleased to do so.
I also love buying grains, beans, etc.
There is an option for free slooooow internet but platinum members get internet for free (yay?).
The price of admission is $12 for adults for just the museum and was $24 for the Mummies exhibit, which included museum admission.That was nice because we had to wait about an hour or so for our scheduled time to see the exhibit.
The food is fresh and appears to be prepared with care and dare i say it, a sense of pride!\n\nMy latest visit here I found myself ordering the Parmesan Crusted Sole.
\n\nThe rooms are always the same - clean, cool and with a descent view of the Queen City!
You go in and order at the bar, and then walk to the back where they prepare your order to pick it up.\n\nThere's usually no cover here at night (with the exception of special occasions such as Unofficial, Mom's/Dad's weekend, etc.) and have good, knowledgeable bartenders.
Good ol' fashioned diner food with friendly service.
Once a modest selection of vegetables and granola, the co-op has expanded into a full-service store boasting an espresso bar, salad bar, bakery, bulk food section, stock of local produce/meats/dairy, and beer/wine.\n\nPeople with dietary restrictions and health preferences can find all prepared foods labeled in detail (and organic ingredients clearly indicated).
All of the food was good.
By the time we did that, our table was ready.
the customer service was wonderful a clerk named Alyssa helped me with my selections of seeds and an orchid.
Every day I come home and they are eager to tell me about something new they learned that day.
Sat us immediately at a great table, and we received adequate and unobtrusive attention throughout the meal.
Fried rice were ok but I've had much much better at other places.
Also worth noting they are super fast (food was ready within 10 minutes).
\n\nThe only negatives are the lack of free breakfast (though they offer coffee in the lobby) and the $22 rate per day for valet parking.
My favorite is the vegan chicken salad on foccacia bread.
Very affordable especially during the holiday season!
This is a great place to meet up with an old friend or acquaintance.
We asked for extra bread twice to sop up all of the juicy goodness.
I can't speak for customs, parking, or going through security because I've only had connections here.
Delicious Southern food!\n\nThe cornbread was so good.
Everything I could see was spotless and well maintained.
I went to town on it when I got home and could verify it wasn't going to upset my stomach.\n\nThe asparagus - yum, it had a very smokey flavor.
It's located underneath 7th street station parking deck so there is always plenty of parking.\n\nHaven't really gone here to drink, but they have a good selection of beers to go alone with your pizza.
\n\nOne of my favorite things at Inner Peaks is the different walls.
Went here this morning to drop off some short-sleeved Polo shirts, with some minor stains I was hoping to have removed.
I recommend taking a tour, stopping for lunch either in the restaurant or the cafe and then finishing your day with viewing another collection.
If their body work for a vehicle is anything like their customer service, they are definitely one of the best places to go in the city.\n\nYes people, this isn't the best neighborhood in the city, but get over it.
They said, \""Yep, we can do that\"" and then told me it'd be ready in 20 minutes.\n\nI got there and it's as unpretentious as the reviews say.
I enjoyed their wine selections, though one of the reds was much better alone (not with food), and probably shouldn't have been on the menu.
A waiter mixed up an order and was very apologetic and quickly resolved the issue.\n\nOverall, I'm happy that the place is finally open.
They were crispy, the sauce was tangy and plentiful, plus it was just plain hot wings and they were delicious!\n\nSo the joint looks like it may have seen some better days...
The ribs were different than I typically like (vinegary maybe) and the chicken was a little dry, but I loved how it wasn't overly salty like southern food sometimes is.
\nSimmons is definitely one of 'those places.' You know, the one that people talk about when they brag that it's where \""people who are really from the Carolinas\"" go, and it's apparent.
They did a wonderful job with everything.
The fireplace and quiet room are cool additions to an already pretty neat space.
I walked up to the counter smiling ready to order, and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on.
The beers on tap are always great.
and it just wouldnt be worth it to pay $4.00 more to share it with a friend.
It's your one stop for movie snacks, a quick bit before you catch the latest Ryan Gosling flick or just a chill evening on the patio with friends and a bottle of wine.
Like the tatami mat seating as well.
The ribs were really good and the brisket was decent.
The spinach dip is excellent, extra cheesy and hot served with chips, and fresh veggies- carrots, celery, broccoli and cauliflower.\n\nWe all had burgers and fries.
\n\nGood soups and sandwiches, being vegan I love their offerings.
The food is pretty good pub grub, but I believe there is a \""game-day menu\"" where only certain things are served, which is kind of a bummer if you want Irish nachos on game-day because it's not on the menu.
I could be wrong.\n\nSince I was unable to enjoy the wide selection of normal beer, I settled for the gluten-free Lakefront New Grist beer.
I shared some of the other female Yelp reviews with him and he laughed.\n\nDue to the other Yelp reviews I started with the fried pickles.
The Wild Boar entree was a winner.\nService was great and waiter was very attentive.
I love that they get their desserts from Signature Desserts.
It spicy but not going to kill you, actually has great flavor.
This place has the best around.
Service has also been good to excellent.
I had more than enough space and it was clean.
This is great, simple, traditional italian american food.
\n\nPrice wise most items are competitive with other hardware places.
The pork chop and the fried chicken were very good.
The pasta was fresh and al dente; the garnishes were tasteful and classic; the sauces were remarkable.
You cannot go wrong with Geno Como!!!
Decent prices for a great experience.
Remember what you like and see what others have enjoyed.
Go to Nikko in South End for the Upscale experience and super expensive Sushi.\n\nI believe this is now the only place in Charlotte where you can order really good Bento Boxes and authentic Ramen Noodle bowls.
Great furnishing and modern up-to-date amenities one would expect at a Westin property.
We all enjoyed all of our food as well.
Very easy to drink (maybe a little too easy).
My first visit was to Bridal Beginnings, which did a good job of finding dresses in the style I was seeking and in my budget, but which had pretty small sample sizes so it was incredibly difficult to picture how the back of the dress would look.
Sweet tea and spicy chicken sandwich was yummy!
\n\nThe selections of coffee is good, like that they have almond milk and a variety of sugar free syrups.
I'll just believe all the other reviews about pricing since it's just a fun place to shop.
Fiori's qualifies as a good pizza, and probably the best I've had from this area of town.
Two highly recommended plates you can order are the Shish Taouk (chicken kebab) or Breaded Tilapia (one of their specials).
They only accept cash, but they do have an ATM present at the entry.
\n\nNot only the guys loved it, but two of them asked permission to take the leftovers home!
(head of bev and food for 300 level) does a great job making sure everyone's needs are met.
=P\n\nThe specials here are also pretty sweet - yay for logo glass night.
It was delicious and also very filling.
The staff was great & service was fast, even with a line upon arrival.
The red curry, crab fried rice and Pad Thai were very good as was the seafood soup.
Grilled meats and daily seafood specials (try the prawns) are available and also an excellent choice, but the burger is easily the main event.
you get to see great art and/or displays.
The original cost was $3 million back in 1928.
A good way to get away from all the new and experience something with true Charlotte style.
For appetizers, we shared the calamari and buffalo chicken dip.
This is a nice small mall.
Therefore, the ones that stay open are successful by the sole virtue of their food.
Oh well, everyone has an off day.
We had a great little server and we couldn't have been happier!!!
because its soo packed with all sorts of great works and exhibitions!
I have been told this place was great for years.
I went on a tour of several breweries last summer and Capital Brewery was one of my favorites.
The menu sounds promising, though.\n\nI like the open style of the kitchen area, always curious to see what folks are up to in there.
It's no Belgian white, but it wasn't bad at all.\n\nThe German plate with two brats was delicious.
On my first layover I had a strawberry margarita that came in a cool plastic shaker.
It seems to have been built in an old warehouse - the ceiling is massively high, and there's gorgeous Mondrian-esque glass over the bar.
The staff is quick, friendly and very \""with it.\"" This is a true family business and the food is fantastic.
I go to this place about once a month for lunch and I am consistently impressed with the quality of my meals and the service.
Very good service, food was very well cooked, taste was okay.
All these other things from the soda fountain that are adult like enough for me?
The staff was friendly, helpful, and very patient with my oldest who will talk your ear off.
There was a nice ambience - it was quiet but not uncomfortable so.
I recommend you try their soups like the seafood gumbo.
If you want to support a great shop - head over to Courtesy Auto.
Hands down, one of my favorite places.
I've just never had an opportunity to eat here until I had some friends staying in Uptown and they wanted a \""Charlotte meal\"".
A lady was originally helping me then the owner came out a little later on.
A second favorite was the Aloo Pang which is spinach potatoes & spices.
He loved his meal and his tastes of everyone else's at the table (there were 10 of us).
oatmeal, biscuits) I've ordered on occasion and liked them.
Will definitely be going back for the next big game!
\n\nSpeaking of servers, the service is almost always spot on, which makes the experiences that much better.
She loves the penne ala vodka, made with pepper vodka!
Not necessary, but very nice, and appreciated.\n\nThey have valet parking, but we just park about a block away and walk, since we sometimes enjoy walking further down the strip district, anyway.
Went for a tour of the brewery.\n\nThe tour guide was great, the brews were incredibly fresh and tasty, and we overall had the best experience of being a tourist in Madison, WI here.\n\nThe beer garden aspect is tempting for a possible future return, but we'll see.
In one quick evening after work I was driving home in my own new Crosstrek - courtesy of Kevin and Folger Subaru's friendly, efficient staff.
The avocado maki roll was also great.
Food is good, beer is amazing!
\n\nThey took really good care of me, I was in & out in about half an hour.
Big salad, not skimping on the ingredients, and nice piece of fish on top.\n\nI'll definitely be back.
Great food, never had a bad meal there.
Super call outdoor lounge area for nice weather (definitely check this out if you're there during warmer months).
PUMPKIN (the best in town).\n\nLori's Raspberry French Toast is the obligatory first dine, just stay away from the other iterations that aren't first coated in corn flakes prior to landing on the griddle.\n\nThe jumbots, eggs benedict, and potato pancakes all also represent fantastic choices.
Menu is huge, and we don't know how other meals are.
These rolls on the contrary, are so fresh and soft, they're practically falling apart, until glued in place by the panini grill.
I wish the outside ambiance was nicer; maybe they can surround it with more potted trees/shrubs to block it from the street.
I love this place!\n\nBest European Food in Charlotte, besides my mother's of course....
Had we known it came already dressed, we would have asked for it on the side.But it was a perfect amount anyway.\n\nI had the porterhouse, great, cooked the way I like it.
What a great place to stop for a good meal before a Pirates game.
Yes, I've had several pasta dishes.
Were gentle and had fresh Italian accent that added to the romantic part of the dinner!
Over all it was a great time.
I stopped by Monday, the first day I felt it was nice enough to take my munchkin for a stroller ride.I like the simple clean layout of this place,no clutter and you can see a lot of the kitchen always a good sign.
They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.
One of the greatest treasures of Madison.
It was proportioned well and the cream, the hard cheese, paired with the fruit and honey were just right.
Solid huge lunch requiring a doggy bag each time for under $10.
Probably good they have not offered more of a selection for snacks since I feel like I'm always eating and drinking in here anyway...
I remember everyone liking mine the best.
\n\nNice staff, bathrooms were nice (until a jerk put swim diapers in the centrifuge for drying bathing suits), and the pool was clean (and heated).
Get one and talk like a Yinzer for a complete experience.\n\nThe Market Square location is just as good as the original in the Strip.
\nI have other friends that have tried other items and love them.
I recommend you stay here if you're seeking a reasonably priced, clean, comfortable hotel!
I will definitely go back to this restaurant when I visit the area.
Now I am conflicted.\nMoving on...\nI'm not sure if they still have them, but at one point I got some great plantain strips that I think are made locally.
Dimly lit, sleekly decorated, and filled with a sense of Zen and calm, my boyfriend noted that it reminded him of the restaurants in Chicago.
Morton's is one of my all time favorite steakhouses.
Courses arrive in precise timing, great wine selection, very attentive and high class service, classy and intimate decor.
Also tasty are their broccoli bites and their huge ice cream sandwiches (homemade).
I'm no beer connoisseur but apparently they have the best Guinness in Charlotte because of the short length of the line from the keg to the tap.
The jalape\u00f1o steak wrap is so delicious and spicy that it also ranks near the top of delightful choices.
Patio usually fills up, but if you set up near the big windows, it's almost the same thing but with AC.\n\nAnd they're open late (1:30) which is a huge plus for Pittsburgh.
\n\nThe brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails, appetizer, entree, and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.
My favorite chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh.
Tons of vegetarian and gluten free options if you're into that sort of thing.
but that was a while back.\n\nWARNING: I enjoyed their bread WAY too much.
\n\nThe place gets a bit crowded around noon and they have a pretty strict policy about ordering before you choose a seat.
Be sure to come early for the best selection.\n\nPrices are decent, but the staff can be grumpy.
Once you have Chinese food here you will select this as your top Chinese restaurant.
\n\nMy favorite still is the individual pie with mushrooms, well cooked onions ( I can't stand undercooked onions) a mild sausage more knockwurst than Italian and my twist: a fried egg on top, sunny side up.
Consistency is what I like about Long Horn.
The omelet was very fresh, just the right amount of spicy, and came with a warm salsa and sour cream.
Nothnagel for 4 years, and have been consistently impressed with the level of care she receives.
The decorating is simple, yet beautiful, with large white columns, soft romantic lighting and a big brass chandelier over the main dining area.
rate).\n- A couple of good restaurants on site.\n- Very nice room with a great view of the city.\n\nI wouldn't hesitate to come back here again.
I have not personally participated in any of these events, but hope to in 2014.\n\nOccasionally you will see a nice car in the parking lot, which I have come to expect at venues catering to motorsports.
It's nice inside and definitely had a load of amenities and a plethora of food options.
\n\nShut out to the piano players, who can not only play the piano, but also sing, play the drums and the sax.
Yes, the building is old, it's a bit run down, but that doesn't stop the staff and administration from doing the best they can with so very little and in not the best of space.
I know that Sammie has a great day whenever she goes to Best Friends.
There was one night where a friend of my date called in ahead of time and ordered a bottle of wine for our table as a surprise.
Otherwise, the entryway was clean and had an open feeling.
The customer care his above and beyond that of any body shop I have been to before.
I would definitely recommend Fu's and Jake.
The Jumbo Crab Cakes ($8) were pretty good, but keep in mind that the Cilantro Avocado Emulsion is little a small dollop on the plate.
Most recently, I saw wicked, which was amazing!!!
However everything in room was clean and didn't feel disgusted at all.\nBreakfast and dinner are included mon-Friday as is free beer at happy hour.
\n\nThe warehouse has a range of items from treasures to no-one-would-ever-buy-this pieces.
I don't think it's on the menu, but you can always ask the friendly staff.
I hope you'll stop by and give it a try.
I'm such a huge fan of hole-in-the-walls.
We really want to stay there again, and I assure you I will be calling.\n\nExcellent hotel, less than excellent experience.
Yes, you will pay a little bit more than the dollar menu options at McDonalds or Taco Bell, but the quality is also light years ahead.
They even remember what type of style I like my nails to be done.
Great help from Tracy and Heather tonight from jewelry department.
Business cards all over the wall to your left, cooler of drinks, large menu next to the ordering window, tons of copies of National Geographic in the dining area....Just a great little joint.
Coupled with the addition of Sriracha chile sauce and Hoisin sauce they include on the side is amazing.
It's in the ghetto, but if you don't mind people being loud and yelling across the restaurant, this is one of the better Waffle Houses I've been to, and I've been to many throughout the south east.
They are so accommodating, will do separate checks and provide excellent customer service.
I went to a few other places and this one is definitely the best.
Every time we go the food is consistently delicious and the owners and waitresses are very personable and friendly.
Judging from the buffet food, I can confidently say that a la carte items would be a bang for your buck too!!\n\nNext time will try dinner and see if it's equally satisfying as the lunch buffet.
If it is just coffee you want you this is the place.
\n\nExpect to pay heavily for this experience, it is well worth it.
I find it really easy to save money at Whole Foods.
My husband and I went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
(I apologize to the coffee drinkers.
The Y really does formulate a great deal of community.
So, all around, a good experience.
A delicious menu with a twist.
The malt was very good and the fries were just your standard average fries.
The main museum is located in a hanger with a gift shop in an adjacent building.
The bobcats always have great bands, dancers and other entertainment during breaks.
They have beer flights too if you want to try several different beers.\n\nThe service has always been good to excellent here (last time it was excellent).
They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic!
Take your time, eat and eat more and enjoy !!
The plastic bags on the wall are often a treasure trove.
(I guess that's what happens when six ladies go out to dinner together...haha)\n\nI would definitely come back again, although it is very pricey so it's not so much a place to come and stuff your face with maki, and more of a birthday/anniversary/graduation/other major life event celebration spot.
Anywho, I'm going to go for 5 stars instead of 4 simply b/c this was the best meal hands down that I've had in Uptown since I moved here.
Linda was super nice and she definitely knows how to do catering business and make her customers happy.
There were a few things that they missed but when I told them about it they took care of it.
Surprisingly comfy and stylish seating and lighting for a primarily take out shop.
Remind me how good your hoagies are, that they're not overpriced like the Pizza is, and then serve me endless glasses of Coke Zero.
Specifically with the version doused in coconut milk--I love coconut anything, and on top of vermicelli noodles with a squirt of hoisin and sriracha, it was heaven.
It has the perfect amount of meat seasoning and topping.
It is family friendly and usually has some kind of event going on every so many months.
Awesome concept, awesome music, awesome vibe, awesome 80's venue!\n\nI think this is my favorite new dance spot in Charlotte because it is so laid back and unpretentious, and I don't need to stress about my outfit and put on ghastly uncomfortable heels, and I don't have to worry about invasion of my personal space (i.e.
Charlotte certainly isn't lacking for Tex-mex food, but El Cancun always pleases me.\n\nDon't get me wrong-- this is your typical tacos, burrito, chips & salsa kind of place, but compared to others in the area, I find it more satisfying and a better value for your money.
Maybe it's my fiction-writer's imagination, but they really make me feel like a VIP.
Andy's Special for the day: Tuna & Kiwi or Salmon & Avocado FAT Rolls.
I'd highly recommend Cafe Luna to anybody!
The first time I came with a large group and sat in the main dining area, and we were accommodated very well with fast flawless service.
If I'm looking for something a little unusual, Frugal's has a good chance of having it.
And if you thought things couldn't get any better, you're clearly not following along close enough-you get $1.00 off every bottle you take to go.
wowowow.\n\nWill definitely try and revisit next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
This place isn't much to look at, but when the I'm talking about a restaurant ambiance falls second to good food.
Primanti Brothers is definitely worth the trip!
The people who work there are still so dang nice.
It exudes Charm and though I would not call it Romantic I do not know why I would not!
Also, the supervisors answered a question I had about A TSA guideline, and did so with a sense of humor!
It is extremely pricey, but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it.
Of course the obligating question once you enter a clothing store of any type is, \""Welcome, can I help you find anything?\"" Of course I did what any typical person would do stared at them and eventually replied with, \""No thank you, this is my first time in here.\"" I think I puzzled them with that response.
I recommend parking on the street and feeding the meter instead.\n\nI guess my only real complaint about Green's is that it's not open on Sundays, unless the Panthers are at home.
\n\nI definitely suggest trying the Wasabi Tobiko ($4 per piece).
As I expected, getting a table near the edge of the restaurant provides for a much nicer dining experience.
And of course, love our rocking chairs!
Ever.\n\nStick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
It's a fun place in a cool part of PGH.
Wait is a bit long at times, but overall a great place to eat if you want to stay close to campus.
We had decided we were going to get a cabana over in the Wave Pool area so we can leave our stuff and the kids could go and relax if need be.
\n\nTheir bacon is the best in town.
\n\nHighly recommend to anyone looking for some good Pho.
I really wish I bought more, but everything in the store was on the pricier side and I really didn't see anything else I liked.
This location is smaller, but cozier.\n\nI've never been in this location when there's a big crowd so I'm used to coming in ordering and having my caffeine fix given to me immediately.\n\nThe staff is friendly and there is a good amount of art displayed on the walls (I think it's one of the staff's friends that is a photographer), but the photos are always great to look at and are good conversation starters.
Everything I've tried is great, but special note goes to the cornbread and the catfish.
I would recommend her to anyone.
The bar has a good 15-20 taps and a huge liquor selection.\n\nI ordered the buffalo wings -- hot -- and I really liked them.
One other benefit is that the employees are competent, friendly and knowledgable.
Would absolutely go again on special occasions.
Definitely a great \""special occasion\"" or romantic restaurant.
\n\nBottom-line: Best Chinese restaurant this side of the tunnels.
Definitely NOT a sexy establishment but if what you want is good hot Chinese food you got it!
\n\nIf you come to visit Champaign, you simply MUST join the 60,000 member mug club, and take in some of the history at the Inn...
I dig them, but those who prefer the snap of dolmathes will find these softer, but just as flavorful\n\nAll in all, outstanding.
It's just a little too nice.
They serve good brunch on the weekends and you won't wait in a ridiculous line full of degenerates.
Body Worlds was fascinating as was the current \""Mummies of the World\"".
\n\nThere are really cool between inning activities.
They bake their bread fresh daily and do not include any preservative so eat it quick!
The only complaint I had was the turkey, I had assumed (and I know you should never assume!) it would be fresh, shredded turkey like the the pork and beef, but it was the processed, sliced turkey breast meat chopped up.
The dog and I participated in two sessions of behavioral classes (Lacey is wonderful and never gave up on my dog!), consulted with veterinary staff, and received constant emails from staff offering suggestions and checking in to see how I was doing.
Certainly a diamond in the rough for those who have not tried it.
This fun Little store carters to a wide range a spiritual curiosities.
She's great, and I wasn't about to give up on her just because she moved to a nicer salon that happens to be substantially cheaper than the old place.
I had a fantastic 3 hour layover here.
You can also apply for a credit card and get approved immediately.
OPH is the ONLY place I can depend on to serve a delicious and satisfying breakfast.
We read the reviews and selected Upstream for lunch because my very English Mum loves really good fish, and she knows her fish!
I've tried lots of gnocchi in my time, but not enough to say it's the best.
Got a little treat at Pinkberry and walked around.
Everything my party tried was great, very fresh and flavorful, and abundant portions.
This is my go to place for a fun relaxing evening dinner uptown.
Really, it's the number one salad in town.
I know one customer complained about there being too many romance novels and yes there are quite a few but honestly they have lots of other things too!!
My dog means the world to me and I couldn't imagine anyone better to handle her care than Dr.
As a visitor to Pittsburgh, I certainly can't claim to understand the nuances of the local culture.
The dining room is really nice with dark wood and lots of leather.
Went here last night after an exhausting day taking care of a newborn.
My friend and I are regulars there for pedicures and they know our names and even got us cute little Christmas Presents this year.
Musashi has and will always be my go-to place for simple, fresh and authentic.
I had a view of the city which was nice but I didn't get to really enjoy since I was not in the room much.
Any who growing up on the west side of town, I loved going to beauregrad's to eat, from the salads, to the burgers everything is just great.
I think Laredo's has the best Mexican food in Madison.
The staff, for the most part, are quite accommodating and all the facilities, terminals, and decor are modern and clean looking.
I had high hopes for AF and was slightly let down.
\n\nLast night I asked a friend to meet me for a beer and she suggested Lot 17.
And make sure to request their special flavoured whipped cream!\n\nMy scoop of Toasted Almond Fudge ($2.80) so nutty and smooth.
Always packed here and always a wait but worth it.
So they have your typical dinner fare, breakfast items, sandwichs CHICKEN TENDERS.
My wife agreed that it was extremely yummy!
So, if that's your thing, go for it but be prepared.
I really enjoy the convenient location to the light rail.
I have stayed here on multiple occasions, never a bad time.
The cheese fries are a must but add jalape\u00f1os and get an ice cold draft; some great selections are available.
It's the best burger in the 'Burgh, hands down!
It was clean, the owner was actively keeping it clean.
Easy to find on Park Road and reasonably priced.
They're open til 10pm on weekends which is nice.
The stewed tomatoes were great and were prepared with garlic and green peppers.
The bacon was perfectly crisp too.
McHale's is a great local bar, with a really terrific staff.
Their ingredients are really fresh and the noodles are some of the best I've had from a Thai restaurant.
\n\nThe cats responded really well to Dr.
Prices are cheaper (cash prices are even better than credit) and the selection is great!
I like my wings crispy and my calamari not overdone and both fit the bill.\n\nNow, about my braised beef short ribs.
I ordered a steak quesadilla and it was huge and awesome.
They also use nice products including OPI polish and Bath and Body Works lotion.\n\nIt's a clean salon with nice and professional staff.
Everyone was very friendly and accommodated my needs, particularly to return the car to a different location.
The BBQ fried chicken was interesting and good.
Stayed here after a KISS concert at the Verizon Ampitheater.
Great place to watch a game.
Went for brunch with a group of ladies and we had a great time!
(Thanks Annette!) \n\nThis week I learned that joint compound comes in an easy squirt tube and corner bead makes that nice 90 degree angle where pieces of drywall meet.
In the 90's, you could always count on getting the BEST ribs around, EVERY time.
Also the white bean salad/dip that is put out with the bread is amazing.
\n\nFinding a place to sit was the biggest challenge.
I am a fan of the burritos which I look forward to having the next time we are back in the area.
(Down from the already marked down \""as is\"" price of $40!) I was thrilled!
If you want cheap, gringo-esque Mexican food served by friendly folks, Don Pedros is your place.\n\nFirst, they serve freshly fried tortilla chips with homemade salsa (lots of cilantro).
\n\nOverall, it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it to our friends who would consider b&b in madison.
The people at the desk were very friendly.
We both agreed that the Lobster Bisque was sublime!
My children seemed to enjoy it.
If you're looking to get involved there's student government, community outreach programs, and community service programs at your disposal.
Pizza that makes you feel like you might be eating healthy because this is not a heavy pizza.
Another reviewer referred to this airport as \""upscale\"" and while it's a little bizarre I kind of agree.
Dinners are complimentary to hotels guests Monday - Thursday.
It's not too pricey but classy enough to bring my in-laws when they visit, and I always anxious to impress.
Food was good, had scallops, ahi tuna salad and chicken wings which were all tasty and at a good price.
I have gone with the gyros both times and have not been disappointed.
When I was away, they emailed me a picture of my dog so I could see he was doing well (plus you can go online and see them on their webcam during play time) They also offer additional packages with more play time, ice cream doggie treats, bed time stories (don't laugh, thats just cute) and more.
I still get it because it's excellent, but even restaurants in San Francisco and NYC don't charge this much for such a dish.
There's definitely a hint of pear in it, but other than that, I'm flummoxed.
I also liked a set of decorative yet functional measuring spoons.
If you know when to go you wont have trouble parking, there is a lot of parking behind the building too.
I've been to this place a couple of times.I recommend the mixed maharani tandoori entree that consists of shrimp, lamb, chicken, and salmon served with a salad and rice.
\n\nAlso, you feel like you're walking into a friend's kitchen to grab lunch with the chatter going on.
I surprised my wife with a visit to Blue the other night and as usual we were impressed.
\n\nRestaurant week - While restaurant week is fun, I really feel the quality of food in most restaurant goes down.
It's a great place to hang out and work.
I've said it before but this sandwich proves my point that a sandwich either lives or dies by the bun in which it's made of!\n\nThe people that are behind the counter are very courteous and the service is always quick.\n\nThe interior is nothing to really write home about.
\n\nHad the Salmone [Pistachio Crusted Salmon] and it was delicious.
The amount of fish was great and it was very fresh.
The food was large and in charge and sufficiently greasy to make sure you could function the next day.
They do a nice job getting you seated in a reasonable amount of time.
The only place I'd gladly drive to Charlotte just to eat.
I first fell in love in 2005.
Still, it was pretty easy to find the collections that most interested me.
Friday night fish fries are always good.
The place can get kind of loud at night so make sure your group of friends aren't hard of hearing.
Tucked away behind Outback Steakhouse on Pineville Matthews this is a place not to be missed.
I was happy in the end that I did get appetizers or my meal might have been a bit small.
Had a combo platter because I wanted some fried chicken too and I thought the whole deal was pretty solid.
\n\nLulu is super sweet and clearly highly in demand (especially for re weaving and re knitting items).
Would definitely go back for more!
Other menu highlights include, any of the soft tacos, nachos bell grande, seven-layer nachos, chick/steak burrito supreme, seven-layer crunch wrap supreme, and the pintos and cheese.
They're still super fresh with a good amount of meat, so this is just a matter of preferences, not quality.\n\nRegardless of the meh pho, I can't stress enough that it's totally worth it to come here for the coconut milk bun!
So Miquel's is definitely a perfect definition for a \""Hole in the Wall\"" but let's be honest those places clearly have the best food.
Great veterinary clinic, this location and the one at Mt Island as well.
Always consistent , always delectable, always special treatment .
The lunch specials are very affordable, even to high school students, and can be packed on days when school lets out early.\n\nAs far as the food goes, everything is delicious.
Wali is a master tailor and does fantastic work altering jackets, pants ...
I had a great experience, and I'll definitely be back.
The people at Rusty's treat you right all the time, day in and day out.
The steak was cooked to perfection and was extremely tender.
You name it, they've got it.\n\nLots of foods choices, my travel friend of Starbucks, and bars galore.
They have to be making near $6 profit on a $6.50 dog.\n\nWould I go back?
\n\nIf you're a guitar fanatic you'll definitely love it here.
It's awesome to be able to see every beer you've ever had there, including the date, and your rating and comments about it.\n\nThe food at the bar is, well, bar food.
So, it makes me all giddy inside to report that this Bank of America is not only clean and sparkly, but it's filled with really nice tellers, efficient services and a notary.
Every dish I've had has been excellent; some favorites are the sheep's milk gnudi, tuna tartare, arugala salad, bread pudding, and pretty much every soup.
DOC margherita pizza is one of my favorite foods in the world, and I ate it at least once a week when I was living in Florence.
I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found.
The red curry is probably my favorite.
One of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.\n\nNever judge a book by it's cover.
Such a fun place to get an interesting plate of great food.
Nice old school place with the original barber chairs (reupholstered), and the type of care and charm you'd expect from a vintage barbershop.
i can't quite get my hair exactly to the way I like it, mainly because I can't quite describe how I actually expect the final product to be, but they do a great job with my vague descriptions.
I'm obviously biased since I fly out of this airport monthly - but this is one of my favorite airports in America.
My husband bought me a ring for graduation a couple years ago and some jewelry on special occasions from Helzberg.
Despite its priceness, it is worth it.
The London Broil sandwich wasn't as medium-rare as I'd ordered, but delicious nonetheless.
Recently enjoyed a great meal while celebrating our wedding anniversary.
I was sad when I found out there was no cornbread.\n\nBut then I was happy again the moment I was able to put that delicious pig in my mouth.
So I went in, and I saw the sort of popular and unassuming place that every neighborhood should have.
Delivery is very fast as well.
I'm a fan of their beer selection.
- they fulfilled all of them.
I also really like their corned beef hash.
I've had cheese and crackers, bruschetta, cole cuts crackers and cheese, etc..\n\nThe menu isn't too bad either.
They made things as we ordered them and the service was prompt and friendly.
Taking a step into Klavon's is like taking a step back in time.
This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk.
He is so honest and really will do what is best for items I have a formal gown that I bought to wear to a wedding.
The ribs are the best BBQ in Madison by far and have never disappointed in many visits.
fresh food, fresh sushi, sandwiches, juice bars and the list goes on and on.
I understand (and enjoy!) the concept of \""open kitchen\"" dining, but I think that should be reserved for different types of restaurants.
I do like the fact that I can drive in, grab dinner at a nice place and then go to the arena without hoping in and out of the car since everything is walking distance.
FREE SAMPLES while you wait in line.\n\nandy is the best -- hands-down.
I thought everything was well priced (all three rolls under $10 each) and we will definitely return for a casual dinner date.
I liked that I could be in that area and have it not feel like an airport.\n\nI thought the airport was small enough that walking around the different areas to the shops and food wasn't bad at all.
I was sure I'd get the full-rotor press from the chains, because that's kind of their job.
Joyce did a fantastic job on my wedding dress.
Mike N Molly's has a great atmosphere on the outdoor patio, a surprisingly good beer list, and decent specials.
I got it now.....\""It's a profit deal\"" (Steve Martin, The Jerk).\n\nI started with the Lobster Bisque which was served lukewarm, borderline cold.
The interior is a bit dark & outdated and it doesn't have much of a welcoming atmosphere, but the outdoor tables in Market Square are a great option, weather permitting.
The beer and whiskey selection is extensive, the best part is that it runs from cheap to expensive so you can drink what you can afford depending on the night.
Great staff, great location and music (incl.
The person I interviewed in Charlotte brought me there so that I could taste a good old North Carolina barbecue.
It's a fun little place tucked away from all the hustle and bustle of your work day.
A must visit if you need luggage and want to support local businesses, especially the few who are left Downtown.
Yay, I'm a fan but sometimes service is a little slow, it was very good for us this visit.
\n\nIt does seem a little expensive, but worth it, because its done correctly.
But other than that, perfect place and good service.
I like Glass Nickel a little better, but this is pretty good.
\n\nThe bar or outside seating is perfect for a relaxing evening to enjoy some people watching.
Overall, not a bad place, I would go back.
Actually, I don't know that for sure, but I dare you to find a better diner anywhere in the United States.\n\nThe food here is made with love and that's what makes it stand out out.
The cheeseburger was as big as my head and delicious and the onion rings were just as good.
The Bread was a dark, thick, hearty, fresh wonder (looked like Chocolate Cake) 3.89 stars.
This is the best Mediterranean food in Pittsburgh bar none.
\n\nThe Meatloaf is called the \""Meatloaf of the Gods,\"" and it truly is.
Our boss treated some co-workers and myself to lunch here last week (one of my colleagues was leaving) and had a terrific time.
I don't know if it was just me, but I could not get my hands on wifi without some kind of payment.\n\nThe staff has been friendly as I don't think that the bathroom help is a nuisance and they do a good job.
Since I travel so frequently, and this happens to be my home airport, I like it.
There was a long line and I now understand why, good food for a good price.
The wings are the best in town.
There are offices in the back - which is annoying because the offices windows surround the grand hall.
My Atmos clock is now working great and looks wonderful on my mantle!
(I wish there was one walking distance to our apartment in Uptown!!!).
The wait staff is always top notch, the bier is fantastic, the environment is friendly and pleasant; the food is spectacular.
The best word to describe them was \""sublime.\"" My main dish, salmon, was equally superb.
Where some buffets will be too heavy on the sauce, so that it can survive hours on the warming tray, the food here was almost like a large portion that you'd get had your table ordered it yourself.\n\nThus, you were able to really enjoy.
BUT, all that honestly wouldn't keep them afloat if their food wasn't good, and it is!
The service was great and I even got to meet the owner who came out to personally speak with me on a busy Friday afternoon.
Can't say enough about how awesome this place is!
Our usual picks are the Deli and the Bacon-Blue Cheeseburger, but you can pick any burger on the menu and be satisfied, and then some.
They are always fast and efficient and any extras you may want are stocked plentifully.
Moreover, Pho Minh completely trumps Tram's Kitchen.\n\nI took my parents here for my \""last meal\"" before leaving the City and they loved it, too.
Best I've had in the city.
This has made us very happy, since we have always enjoyed Asian cuisines wherever we have lived (San Francisco, New York) and Madison seemed to have been devoid of decent Cantonese/Hunan/Szechuan style Chinese food.
I think this is the best botanical garden I have ever visited.
But, more importantly than the food, we just really liked the atmosphere.
This sandwich could have been so much better with a bun of higher quality.
It was here where my love for craft beer began.
We grabbed a seat at the semi-circular bar; the fella ordered his usual dirty martini with Tito's Vodka, and I had a specialty cocktail that I can't remember the name of, but it was like a gin and tonic with cucumber, which made it even more refreshing.
The hubby ordered a meatball on the side and while it was big, he said it lacked the ooomph he was hoping for.
They remind me of little speakeasy's in mob movies :)\n\nCutters is awesome.
Unfortunately, though my hair looked amazing, it definitely took her a lot longer to blow me out and I have grown accustomed to Kim's speedy blowouts at Capristo.\n\nIn conclusion, the ambiance is WAY better at mcn and I am def considering returning if I still can't achieve the ombre color I want with Kim.
This is the best burrito in Charlotte in my opinion.
Always a decent place to sit and talk, not loud music and well lit.
\n\nIf I were to golf, Cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out!
Excellent set up for any weather situation.
It was very good, fancy ritzy interior.
On my quest to be a refined English lady I've been on a hunt for the cities best high tea service.
As with most other locations I have visited, the staff is genuine and friendly.
They also serve noodle as well as the normal fried rice.
According to Vietnamese cookbook author, Andrea Nguyen, \""as you move south the sauce gets sweeter, hotter, and more garlicky.\"" YUMMY!\n\nI thoroughly enjoy the Pho Meatball entree.
The pasta was delicious this time, so I'm thinking it was just one-uped by the Filet Mignon at dinner.
They weren't stingy on the gravy enough for your mash potatoe.
Awesome selection of prepared food - I like that you can eat it there or take it home to share for parties (or hoard for yourself - which I mostly do).\n\nI wish I cooked at home more, but they have a great selection of items that you can't find in the regular grocery store.
The decor is awesome - especially the backlit wall with wine bottles.
Otherwise it was a very pleasant experience and I enjoyed it!
There is a very small 25 yard warm water pool that is used primarily for swimming lessons, physical therapy, & recreation.
I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a delicious soul food meal!
The food was great the service was great.
I love that this place serves Sprecher root beer.
A refreshing and delicious twist on a comfort food staple.
This is by far the best Japanese place in Charlotte.
\n\nDuring the day, you can come here and they have these kickass big, savory, juicy burgers (a different burger and fries special each day) that are really yummy and filling so if you haven't already, try making it out here at least once for lunch.
Home Fries come with it and all I can say is I hope your hungry.
AWESOME fish fry on Friday night.
Sundays is another great crowded night.
Andy makes waiting in line a joy.
This is hands down the best italian restaurant in the city.
My wait was minimal, the staff were polite and I wasn't being jerked around.
I didn't realize this.\n\nOverall, food, service, and mimosas were excellent; I look forward to returning for dinner.
I also had the fish and chips, which was pretty nice.
My dad and I both had the Heathen Vegan Shoplifters Delight.
Easily the best TB in Madison (though with State St and University/Segoe closed, it's not much of a competition).
Put two hours on that meter and set a timer on your phone for 1:55 just in case.\n\nIt's a little spendy (expect to spend $25+/person + drinks), but if you want a nice meal in Chambanavoy this is about as good as it gets.
they also have a hip bar with couches and they open it up during the summer\nDuring certain holidays they have the chefs tasting menu which has 4 courses.
And if you are a girl, you can always get to the bar (just smile).
She thought it was good, but a little too soupy (too much fluid).\n\nAlso, they offer most things spiciness from a scale of 1 to 10.
I went with a friend and we spent a little over $20 on lunch for the 2 of us, which seems a little high for what it is, but I think we must have just gotten a lot of food because $7.99/lb is fair.
The kids split an order of french toast and I had the breakfast special.
I had such a low expectation I was pleasantly surprised.
Standout item was the beans & greens which were very fresh.
Bear with it, he's totally worth it.
The portions are large and the quality is good so it's probably justified.
This small and very quaint Italian restaurant is located in the heart of Shadyside.
Not a fan of their cookies, but hey everything else is very good.
!?)., after a stop at The Home Depot located in the same shopping center, across from Carolina Place Mall, I thought I would check out Best Buy and see if they had what I needed.\n\nI am typically an amazon girl, and I avoid going places to shop if at all possible (even though my job is the design of big box retailers).
Also like that there is guide to speak with at every directory I've looked at to see the location of the food.
This place is excellent, the food is top notch, atmosphere is refined, and the waitstaff is professional.
Recently discovered this place and have come to really enjoy it.
The staff is attentive and informative without being overbearing; the wine list is extensive, and the well drinks are stiff...
Charlotte Marriott city center is a nice hotel located in the perfect part of downtown.
Tessaro's is one of those Bloomfield institutions that certain generations of Pittsburghers always rave about.
When I have strayed to a burger or something else more substantial, I always walk away satisfied as well although, it's not a cheap lunch by any stretch.\n\nNot sure I will ever give them a chance to up the 3 Star dinner lens with which I view them.
I called around to a few locations and it was unavailable, but I was recommended to call this Barnes & Noble location.\n\nNot only were they very nice and courteous over the phone, they pulled the book, placed my name on it, and held it at the front counter.\n\nI was literally in and out of the store in less than a minute.\n\nWith service and staff like this, why go anywhere else?\n\nThank you for the excellent service Barnes & Nobles.\n\nNCFoodGuy
While I wouldn't call them chefs, as the menu at the end of the day is simple, they definitely have a solid skill set at the griddle.\n\nIf you've never been to Primaniti's, here are a few tips from a seasoned veteran.
I grew up in Champaign and now live in LA, and this place is on my list of about 5 places i HAVE to eat at when I come back home to visit.
But for 20 bucks, I definitely got my money's worth.
I don't know how they do it but they should be proud.\n\nLike other reviews add, the layover amenities here are great.
East and West is completely vegetarian and leans towards Southern Indian style snacks, whereas Bombay Grill has heartier food and has a more formal dinner.\n\nI think some of their dishes are a little overspiced, but the Tandoori chicken is absolutely divine with a crisp skin and the perfect amount of seasoning.
The amount of choice is less than just about all the Chinese Buffets that I have ever been too, but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food.
Sam and his cafe of dive heaven.
Always cheerful and attentive, they really make you feel comfortable and encouraged when you walk through the doors.
On weekends, though, and Thursday nights, it gets a lot more crowded--pretty packed, in fact, so it's definitely got a different feel on those nights.
I found the meal quite enjoyable.
Breakfast is wonderful and the coffee is good.
Overall, great restaurant, but a little on the pricier side.
The burger was cooked perfectly and fresh!
The cooking is superb, the staff are friendly and helpful.
I'm not sure I'm totally sold on the \""Manger's special.\"" I think I'm going to stick with the regular wash from now on.
That flavor should be banished from the Earth, but that's another story.\n\nTry the Graham Cracker, Chocolate Orange, Almond Joy or Coconut, delicious!
Other than him, the staff seems great, and I'm happy to give them my business.
Their pizza is actually REALLY good.\n\nOh, and they have gluten free beers, which is good since I don't eat/drink anything with gluten in it!
I have been to this hometown buffet multiple times, a lot for family holidays.
I really appreciate all that helped me at the hotel to make this event special!
\n\nOne small quibble: please, for the love of all that is holy, get rid of the fake-o Mrs.
Also they did deal with the hornets I promise.
I had the carrot cake yummy!!
Do we go there for yummy, fun times with friends, yes!
The Carnegie Museum of Art includes American art from the late nineteenth century, French Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings, and European and American decorative arts.
My stylist (Abbey) definitely knows how to do my hair exactly in the manner that I want.
The concierge gave us free covers into the local bars at the epicentre so be sure to ask.
In the next 5 years, CLT is planning to expand the roadway outside the airport, add an extension to the E terminal, add another security checkpoint, build 2 new parking decks, and make various improvements to the airport including many new restaurants.
But honestly I get the craving for them sometime!
The spaetzle was really light and was sincerely the best I've ever had.
My kids were more interested in hands-on, kinetic features, and there are plenty to be experienced!\n\nThere are many interactive exhibits for kids of all ages to get lost in.
I called them 3 days, and they`re done and the sub is ready to go!
She was going to be nice enough to go to \""Dish\"" although I know it's not one of her favs'.
BEST COFFEE IN PITTSBURGH!\n\nYou might think there is better coffee elsewhere.
So I was glad to go back for lunch today and get the items I liked last time and taste something new.
The chicken and beef dishes are both well prepared, with that great smokey flavor.\n\nWhile I did not eat on the patio this visit, I was very intrigued by this location's arrangement.
When they are good, they are GOOD and when they are bad....
This is the absolute worst place in Downtown Champaign (other than Phoenix), and I mean that in the best way possible.
Pretty quick to get in and out, terminals are easy to navigate, and there's a decent amount of food options.
\n\nThis is also one of the few Chinese restaurants I've been to that does an equally good job of catering the adventurous eaters and people who are a little bit less comfortable with something out of the ordinary.
That's the only reason I'm giving Casbah a 4 star review...
This Westin is a very well run hotel.
(once every month) I've had good experiences all four times that I've gone.
We were seated immediately and our server was quick to greet us.
The entrance is bright, open in a colonial style with piano and complimentary coffee, tea and cookies.
The volunteers make this place feel like home its awesome!!
\nWhen I got home, I was really excited to get to chewing.
This is the only high cuisine restaurant I know of in Charlotte that does a unique vegetarian main each night as a special - and at 16.50 for my cauliflower cream pot pie (topped by perfect puff pastry, made in-house) it's accessible to anyone.
The fish is grilled perfectly, plenty of home made guac, pico, and sour cream accompany this dish.
I found out about this place from a friend who said that the guy who runs it is awesome, and the person getting his hair cut before I arrived was busy in good conversation when I arrived.\n\nAnyways, the hair cut was nice, what I wanted, quick, and $14, so not bad.
The wine bar in the back is one of my favorite drink spots of all time.
I love hosting large groups here!
They are straightforward, honest and do good work.
It was a let down after the Dreamsicle, but there was nothing wrong with it.
Think of the show Cheers, the edginess of Ireland and the heart of folk all bended together (for 2-4 mins depending on the blender) and you my friends have the Park House.
But, thankfully we were all staying across the street at the Omni so no worries about safety as we were leaving (with the exception of one guy who needed a little help getting down the stairs, LOL).
I had the red pepper casereccia and was thrilled with the amount of seafood in the dish.
We saw Dr.Simard who is amazing, she was very kind and empathetic with regard to our situation.
I love that it isn't just the regular brown house made goop that most BBQ joints serve.
She put down a note on different hi-index lenses and pointed out how much each costs to me, and how they would be able to handle my frame (I am making lenses with Google Glass prescription frame, few Eye Care knows about this in the Champaign-Urbana area).
\n\nMy husband got the weinershnitzel, and it was pounded perfectly thin and uniform, crisp on the outside and tender and moist on the inside.
Overall, good food for a neighborhood bar.
So beautiful and filled with many inspiration pieces.
Either way, it's nice to treat others with respect.
The staff is friendly and will explain things to the non-initiated and they have a good selection of statues, toys and other merchandise.
\nBefore I became a transporter, I visited here at the urging of friends...
We all have the opportunity to choose whom we like.
I am never disappointed when I leave, only when I can't go!
My friends and I were discussing card/spiritual readers that we had been to in the past and this place came up.
Friendly service and the food was very tasty.
\n\nWe had grabbed 4 lounge chairs in the front of the wave pool so we could lay out and relax it was a great option to have those or go sit in the Cabana.
The shrimp one was a little bland but okay.
Once inside you can see that there is a pastry store adjacent to La Prima (not a bad business idea) and while I did not try the pastries, there seemed to be a lot of happy customers pouring out of the store.
The hot sauces they have are HOT and I love it!
I strongly recommend the hospitality and culinary program for anyone interested in those fields.
Of course all of Peter's family are great too.
This is my 2nd favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
I enjoyed the furniture and thought it was a great spot to grab a nice glass of wine or a cocktail.
All of the oranges, lettuce, berries and bananas peppers are perfectly ripe.
And I am so thankful that I did because the first dress I tried on with them was the one I ended up purchasing.
\n\nI had the pasta trio (like everyone else, amirite!?) and indeed, the beginning portions of the pasta were small.
This airport is actually kind of nice!
Reminded me of one of my faves Nick's back home and will be back if get a chance.
Pros: \nGood clean rooms\nNice lounge inside and out, fire pit awesome\nStarbucks and breakfast, service friendly and fast\nfriendly front desk greeters very accommodating\n\nCons:\nHear noise levels of the highway in room\nPrices of food is a bit steep\n\nFinal word: I'll go back and stay here when I'm visiting.
A Brazilian wax may never be a comfortable thing to go through, but I've been seeing Amy and she has always tried to make ripping out hair as painless as possible:)\n\nAll the people who work there are incredibly friendly, and make you feel very comfortable while you're there....even offering up the owners homemade red wine to sip while they style!
go before 7 for the happy hour and the best drink and food prices.
The entire staff was very good about humoring me.\n\nGus loves it there (his radar triggers around 21st street and he starts to flip out in the car) and I feel safe about leaving him there.
Ok ok I'm not here to review the show, I'm supposed to review the Benedum.\n\nThe Benedum has all of the features a classic theater had to offer - cathedral ceilings with the gold leaf and naked babies, massive chandeliers, huge archways, and the feeling that history took place here.
They have expanded the store and it's even better.
Oh and the couple next to us ordered an ice cream Sundae, it was ridiculously huge and looked awesome.
They were happy to give advice about what beer we would like and happily cut samples of cheese.
On my next trip to NC I will definitely stop here.
This is a local favorite for the guys at work.
The hot dogs were full and plump and had good flavor.
Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef.
But, I gotta hand it to Joe's they have a pretty nice place to lay down your boots, or heels...
Good place to watch a game.
It was quick and easy, and definitely better than trying to fight people for product in the store.
The shop is great as well.
If you don't mind the wait to get seated, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
My clam sauce with whole wheat pasta was absolutely perfectly al-dente.
Other than that, they are great!
Everyone that works there are super nice and professional as well.
My date and I brought our own bottle of wine, which was decanted and gladly served by our server.
It has huge slices of apple, pecans, blue cheese crumbles, and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing.
They do catering too, so maybe I'll recommend them for the next office party.
Owner is active in the community.
\n\nDon't know if people thinking about college will read this review, but if so, give UIUC a good solid look.
I've had breakfast and dinner here and it has always been good.
I like to try many different places & this is a favorite of mine!
I like my sweet tea to taste like sugar water and lemons.
The server helped me patiently figure out what was good, and we settled on Southern Fried Chicken, Collard Greens and Mac & Cheese.
\nGreg Dunlap} did an excellent job communicating and managing the construction project beginning to end!
Beautiful lounge downstairs that doubles as a lobby/workspace and hotel bar.
They also tell you the story of the north side of Pittsburgh, which I also found interesting.
\nBe sure to sign up for the SPG rewards so you can earn a free night at an SPG property.
I haven't been since they moved to downtown CHampaign, are they a tapas place now????
Then it really will be!\""\nThe prim blond and her man giggled, and a few tables around us applauded.
Their praise has been so high that I feel totally confident in recommending this veterinarian!\n\nSarah Kalnajs BA/CDBC/CPDT\nBlue Dog Training & Behavior
Schedule your training appointments or your purge because these are high-calorie affairs but worth it.
The food is great and I couldn't believe the cheap prices.
Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.
No footsies or romantic hand holding but just shuffling forks with an extreme eager to try each other's plate.
Just go it alone and who cares about anyone else?!
It's literally a two minute drive from there or a great bike ride, but whatever.
Im sure none of these rides exist anymore but back in the day it was great.
Don't be discouraged of the line is long.
But to me, she's always nice and sweet.\n\nI like this place...
\n\nGardening section: \na good selection of garden seeds from a variety of suppliers including Seed Savers Exchange, Renee's garden seeds and similar companies-a good place to shop for seeds if you are looking for something a little more unusual although they are a little more expensive (they often discount the leftovers in the late fall/early winter and I pick up some seeds for the next year while getting my bulbs).
One slice was perfect to fill me up for lunch, too.
This restaurant is a huge surprise, and a good one, too!
Great variety of beer and wine.
Love finding these hole in the wall spots in my backyard, I call Pittsburgh.
I love your wonderful cheese, Penn Mac!
Dinner from the menu is leaps and bounds better than the buffet at lunch.
Giant mound of mozzarella + only 4 thin slices of tomatoes seemed off somehow; still tasted great though.\nMy husband had Linguini alle Vongole- clams in a white sauce.
\n\nThe rest of the menu offers some very good salads, some decent wraps, and a few pasta dishes.
They have every style covered, like \""Boot Camp\"" where they teach you the very basics of cooking (sauteeing, roasting, making sauces, stocks, butchering a chicken, basic knife skills, etc.), to French, Italian, Spanish, Thai, Mexican, Baking, Wines, etc.
\n\nGirasole is a wonderful treat amongst Pittsburgh's restaurant scene and never fails to deliver a delicious meal and a wonderful dining experience!
The one thing I really have to applaud about the Benedum is that the seats are all pretty good.
If you haven't then your probably visiting from a foreign country...\n\nAny who, the staff here is always friendly and eager to serve.
However, Capital Grille treated us so well during the Yelp Generous Pour event, we decided to return.
Great place to go on a Saturday or Sunday morning after drinking way too much.
I thought it was interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tubes here.
He and his staff were calm, professional and welcoming.
so was my teenager daughter (she was picky but she loved her order very much).
I've been here at all hours of the day, and the crowd is always interesting...
Even the presentation of your dessert is outstanding!
Their hoagies are also very good.
But being very nice, it is average.
I haven't been here in awhile, but I definitely miss it.
The spring rolls are made here and delicious, and the scallion pancakes are another favorite appetizer.\n\nThe waitstaff has been here for years and are very good.
We came in for a late brunch and it's was so delicious.
Both were slightly overcooked: the burger arrived more medium rare than the requested rare, and on the carnitas the yolk of one fried egg was deliciously soft, while the other was just a bit too set.
I really enjoyed that.\n\nBeer: We got the beer sampler to try the whole list...
I ordered salmon, which was cooked perfectly.
The staff was great and the people there were so much fun!
They've got an awesome patio, delicious eats, and friendly service: what more could you need?
Lets just bump you up the list of cars and give you a free upgrade to a higher class of car, of which we already have one cleaned and ready.
Maybe that's why they always:\n\n--Remember my name\n--Remember I like medium starch\n--Return my clothes quickly \n--Do so for only $1.50 per shirt\n\nI tried a lot of the bigger cleaners, paid a lot more money and was never satisified until I found this hole in the wall cleaners.
He came and unlocked the front doors, and in we went, past the muscle man with the cool brown eyes.\n\nWe were the first to arrive, and as I looked around the room(s) and I have to say it was kind of charming in that 1970's Soprano's kind of way.
\n\nWhether you're a hungry student or just a BBQ lover, don't miss this place.
the curry fried rice is amazing.
Not only is the food great, but the staff is wonderful and we enjoy our visits there every week!
We came here on a Saturday night and luckily it wasn't as packed as I thought it would be.
The other was the green fuji, this was different and delicious.
I'm told the chili was good as well - not life altering, but good.\n\nThe waiter came back to take our dinner order: two orders of beer battered cod, an order of lake perch, and an order of shrimp.
It is huge and has a wonderful selection of collectibles.
It is connected to the convention center but I've never been inside so I can't give an opinion on it.\n\nMy overall experience at the Westin has been positive.
Hopefully our little guy starts getting better soon, we're awfully worried about him!
I had the Reuben and was so happy with it.
ANDi wanted to save room for a dessert.\n\nOMG.
I run into him every now and then at Snug Harbor and it's a trip.)\n\nThis is my group's standby go-to place for celebrating birthdays or showing it off to friends in town, but you may find us there on an average Saturday as well.
The drinks were good, strong & cheap.
If I could give it 4.5 stars instead of 5.0 I would, but I can't quite do 5 because I've been to other Pittsburgh facilities that have better court facilities and my own home courts out West didn't get a 5, so I can't be accused of bias, haha.\n\nPITC is just that, the Pittsburgh indoor tennis club.
The woman working was very friendly and helpful (telling me the best machines to use for what I was doing)
The service was fast and friendly, the sweet tea was syrupy sweet and the interior is very entertaining.\nMy sister enjoyed a dessert - was it sweet potato cake?
Deep fried and then dunked in their signature sauce, it was a AMAZING.
We enjoyed a beautiful brunch with flawless service.
We have ordered this many times in the past and new it was a winner.
The wine list is the sweet red table wine offered immediately after you sit down.
It was near the bottom of the different bids I received, but their apparent competence and great communication from the get-go made the small price difference more than worth it.
After spending a month in Europe, I was very excited to come back to Madison and rediscover Clasen's European Bakery.
It seems to have the entire Charlotte Police Dept eating there daily which is very interesting seeing that they do not sell doughnuts at all.\n\nThis is not a fast food joint, but you do place the order at the counter, and they will yell your number when ready.
The tables were very close together...we had to cram ourselves into our table, which is less than favorable (In fact, upon exiting, my husband managed to slide the tablecloth and silverware off the table with his butt).\n\nI ordered a half rack of pork ribs, which seemed at bit expensive to me at $14 until they arrived at the table.
Swetha + Qdoba's Grilled Veggie Burrito = wheeeeeeeeeeeee!!!\n\nYummmy, yum, yum, and some more yum!\n\nOh yeah, don't forget to go in wearing sweats!
Seeing all the salted fish (for the upcoming feast of 7 fishes) was beautiful.
It's very non-spicy, non-original food, but it's fresh and good tasting.
Friendly service, will continue to frequent with my family.
Since, fried pickles don't exist in CA, I loved eating them while I was out in Charlotte.
It took a little longer than I would've liked but they did good work.
By far my favorite Chinese food!
The portions were more than big enough.\nAnd for dessert, we had the Vietnamese coffee creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e, which was beyond delicious.\n\nI generally enjoyed the meal, but would appreciate maybe one more vegetarian entree to give diners a choice.
The asparagus is great and as big as a baseball bat.
I was tempted to try something new on the menu but our waitress said you can never go wrong with the tofu tacos and she is right.
It's even better now that smoking is longer allowed inside.
For the small space that the store occupies, they sure do know how to jam pack all racks and shelves to the maximum.\n\nI was greeted almost right away as soon as I walked in the door.
The burritos don't have rice, which is weird and makes them messy, but I actually enjoy the result; more beans and meat is not a bad thing.
Over the years we gave celebrated many birthdays & anniversaries here .
\n\nDoes this not show my true devotion to these tasty little taco's!
The food is delicious, the wait service attentive.
Great job on the remodeling, folks!
While it's not a sports bar per se, it's a great place to watch a game...
I love this airport for connecting flights.
I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious.
The restaurant is never to crowded and you won't get packed in like sardines in a tin can.
You will find rocking Chairs in the main food court area as well as the E Concourse.
I talked with her about color options and products to make my curly hair tame and straight.
Michelle cheerfully took it back, apologized and brought us a new one along with all new fresh sides.
One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.
I forgot to ask if the coleslaw was sweet before I ordered so I was a little worried, not a fan of sweet coleslaw.
I go here alot cause its right down the street and the waiters/bartenders are so cool.
I am not a big bar food junkie but the tomlin sandwich is great & reminds me of a fatheads sandwich.
i had a 1st floor room, private patio with table and chairs, beautiful room.
For his side, he ordered the Mac & Cheese.\n\nFor my dinner, I ordered the ever so popular Henny Penny and a side of \""smashed\"" potatoes.
Excellent and tasty with lots of flavor and spice, I cleaned the plate and then picked up the bone for chewing.
It made me realize that I totally take Crepes Parisiennes for granted.
I am usually not a huge fan of these, but theirs are pretty decent and sweeter than I remember.
I liked this hotel, but it is something of a mixed bag.
You have to turn it on when you enter...or there is no ice.\n\nBottom line: A great hotel for the price that is not too far from downtown Charlotte.\n\nSide note: I've been staying here for about 3 or 4 years now.
I had fries as a side and they were tasty.\n\nGreat lunch and great location for relaxing.
If you like good home cooked goodness then Mert's is the place to go.
The Shadyside Inn was PERFECT for our stay.
Don't be fooled by the appearance, it looks like a place you would want to walk right by, but because other Yelp users said it was so good, we decided to ignore the appearance and went it.
Another great (WEEKEND) brunch at Lidia's.
I've missed out on a couple of these attractions for that reason.
Wing night the bad: they charge 50 cents per ranch or blue cheese dressing, effectively making 10 wings (the minimum order, which they DON'T disclose) $3 rather than $2.50 which makes it more like 30 cent wing night.
They have excellent fries as well.
The hot cakes were delicious but be prepared for more buttery goodness than one should consume in a month.
My favorite bar in the Strip District.
Great restaurant, cosy but I'm used to that being from England.
Although they don't take reservations (at least not this weekend, maybe because of the holiday) our party of 11 was sat together rather quickly at 8:30.
I had an amazing hamburger instead, meat from Jenifer St Market.
The Harris Y is clean and family oriented.
I honestly thought i could handle it, and for the most part i did..
Well, yes it is strange to this jedi, but Beto's knows what they are doing!
I don't think it was a very full house so things were on the quiet side which was nice after a long harrowing day driving in the snow.
The only benefit to being forgotten was that we had plenty of time to read the beer menu, which features a nice selection of craft beers from microbreweries - Dexter's doesn't strike me as a place that would feature such a wide selection of unique beers, but I guess it goes to prove that you can never judge a book by its cover.
Other machines ranged in price from $2.75 to $10.00 (super mega capacity machine).
This tiny little place at the edge of Brookline doesn't look like much, but it has a real family character, cheap eats and tasty food.\n\nI have dined in twice and got carry out twice as well.
I found there selection very good they carry the whole selection from seed savers and a good amount from baker creek as well as a number of others.
But really, it's abou the cheese.\n\nI love me some fresh cheese curds, and I have yet to be let down here.
Good!\n It's not the most comfy lookin spot, the booths are a bit stiff sometimes, but it's Fiesta, get over it.
They host a number of authors doing discussions and signings from what I can see on their calendar (bummed I missed Chelsea Handler though) No, they don't have the selection of the huge bookstores or all the glitz and glitter but I feel a little better knowing that my money is going to the local economy to keep it running.
Overall the food was fantastic, flavorful, delicious and served just right.
It's like most other high end chain steakhouses (Palm, Ruth's, Capital Grille, etc.).
It's sort of like buying groceries on an empty stomach.
There's just something special about Ritter's.
The sauce has a great consistency to it and it clings nicely to the meat.
It's right in the heart of the uptown commercial district, so if your business is there, you can park the car and walk to your destination.
\n\nThe relish was bright green, so I was a little taken aback by it.
\n\nThe wings are delicious and I wish I could say my favorite buffalo chicken sandwich was also still a delight but the last time I had it, somebody messed with the recipe and not in a good way.
Could definitely bring a bottle of wine and make it a picnic with the use of a little discretion.
Drive thru service is always great and restaurant is always clean.
There are tons of routes which change fairly regularly in both the bouldering and top roping areas.
On nice evenings or lunches, eat outside .
Looks like a waffle house, smells like a waffle house..
Come here leave the kings kitchen food is great looks great staff out of this world!
Parking was relatively easy to get (Tuesday afternoon).
\n\nThis place has everything for a child of the 80's like myself could want.
They have a huge menu for such a little place - so I settled on the Quiche of the day - OMG - so yummy.
Corn hole is set up out on the patio which can help pick up your a portion of your tab if your competitive and into gambling.
I got the chocolate maki, which was rich and delicious.
It has a very modern design to it with nice wood floors and metal sculptures of fish hanging from the ceiling.
The easiest thing to see is that they have won a ton of awards which are hanging up on the back wall.
I recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Charlotte for business or pleasure.
The event flyer specifically mentioned food so that was a bit of a let down as I was definitely hungry towards the end.
\n\nI'll definitely be filling out my loyalty card here (8 sandwiches, get one free).
Beer sampler was fun to try!
I truly appreciate a self-contained coffeehouse doing everything on site.
I've seen some of these musicals on the Broadway series in the cramped Broadway theaters themselves so it is refreshing to be able to see that same show from a larger venue.\n\nIt is true that if you have seats to the far right or left then you will miss both the scenery and what happens on that side of the stage but that is true with most any theater.
One of the nicer airports to fly into, out of and thru.
The servers are inviting and seem genuinely happy to be there.
I also really enjoy the cheese and mushroom quesidilla and the fajitas.
Thank god for all the comfortable rocking chairs everywhere so that I can have a kip by the window while I wait for my layover.\n\nAlso they happen to have a plethora of healthy food options.
I have eaten a lot of Greek food cooked by a lot of Greek people who are very good cooks, and this stands up to any of it.
I especially like the lobster mac and cheese.
It was just as I'd imagined it, only better because it was on my head!
Being in Charlotte the last 15 weeks I needed a new place top stay that was not going to show up as a huge expense to my client but better than the HGI.
The pumpkin chocolate chip bread is really moist and delicious as well.
Authentic New Orleans flavor and great family atmosphere.
D and E are the newest concourses, and are very nice.
\n\nThe reason for the 4 star review is the guy who owns the place is often in the laundromat, saying hi to the customers and making sure every thing is running great.
\n\nEvery single course was interesting, beautiful and delicious.
I can imagine all the food there would be of the 'hot and brown' category, in a positive way.
They give out these massive coupon books with oil change/service discounts to get people to come back which I will likely get me to go back.\n\nLike most places like this, they offer to do extra services (air filter change for example) which you could probably do on your own without much hassle.
There is even a replica of the original flyer flown by Orville and Wilbur Wright.
I am not used to a place with cheap and good breakfast...
Fish sandwiches PILED with breaded fish that looked amazing.
\n\nThe options for sides are as plentiful as the moan dishes and the hot bacon potato salad was awesome.
It is obvious that they really care about the customer, how refreshing!!
I'm so thankful for the furry friends I've adopted from the ARL!
It looks like your typical take out chinese joint so our expectations were not high to begin with but we enjoyed the food and would definitely go back.
We had a great time here and it's just a nice place to relax.
Both times , the food was perfect.
The place tends to be packed like a tin of touch-a-philic sardines on the weekends, and I think many people are tourists, but that doesn't stop it from being great.
Certainly not a creole expert, but felt very authentic.
\n\nPrice was nice too, only $16 for their standard haircut which is pretty much on par with the cheapo places around town but infinite more value here.
lol.\n\nEarly one recent morning (still getting caught up on reviews!), I had their fried chicken, and it was excellent.
He was friendly, checked back with us often, and made sure we had a great meal.
Thankfully, my friends took me to Silky's and reminded me that it's worth it to cross the river now and then for a drink.
That first bite of a leg with that tangy sauce is heaven.
We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating, plenty of help and advice for weary holiday travelers, always delivered with a smile.
It feels kinda funny being a fan of an airport, as no one really enjoys waiting in one, but hey, let's do it.\n\nCLT is one of those airports that is clean and straight forward but it really helps to know a few tips and tricks so you don't pull out your hair when you're waiting in line behind 26 teenagers who refuse to take their game systems out of the bag for security screening.
I really liked this airport.\n\nFor some odd reason this was my connection lay over airport both on my way from Dallas to NYC and Newark to LAX.\n\nThe airport is bright and clean and offers lots of shopping and dining options.\n\nI really liked the Mexican tequila bar.
I love the patio here and enjoy the overall feel of it.
Not tall enough for the big slide (48\""), but she was not fazed.\n\nThe accommodations in the shower/bathroom left something to be desired, e.g.
The palak paneer is also delicious.
I enjoyed the crab rangoon especially.
Very objective and incredibly well written.
I can only imagine what the place will look like come January.
Good place to go for something different and tasty!
Their tuna salad with lemon zest in it is fab and so is the rotisserie chicken salad.
The produce section is well managed, and the greens are fresh, many are locally sourced.
The sign faintly resembles one of a Harley Davidson merch shop, but upon entry, your greeted with plenty of boozin' options.
Professional, super friendly, and aiming to please, Hendrick Lexus is as good as it gets!
Yes, the gym was very small and the indoor pool postage stamp sized.
I'm a heavy(tea) drinker, so this was great!
Great selection of pies, and will take suggestions on what to offer.
If you do find yourself having to wait, the time is never that long.\n\nA major plus: the restaurant is non-smoking, so you won't have to worry about the smells of cigarette smoke intermingling with the smells and taste of your own food.
\n\nBesides this, broth was excellent and portion/taste was great.
Either way, it's a nice easy walk from the Hilton and I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in town.
My wife and I loved our food and the service.
Recommend by several senior student of mine in CMU, finally I came here today for my dear friends birthday.
Right after checking in and going up to our room, I noticed it smelled like stale smoke (even though this is a non-smoking hotel).
I also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available.
I never feel like the are \""selling\"" but are happy for people to look and let the items find them.\n\nFourth...how I got here.
I want to compliment every sandwich maker in that department, specifically Bethany, Eric, and Rick.
Its a chill little spot that puts out great food at a reasonable price.
The Hot and Sour soup was good (we split it).
Homefries were kinda greasy, but tasted awesome.
\n\nWe capped the night by sharing a piece of Chocolate cake and it was delicious..
The 1/2 chicken sandwich on rye was very fresh too.
Believe the hype about Tessaro's; I can't recall eating a better burger than the one I had there last night.
I understand that they are trying to keep things healthy and all, but without any grease, the food was easily burnt.
The coconut curries served in ceramic pots are all delicious.
But if you want to poke around for a great find on a pretty Sunday afternoon, this is the place to go!
Good beer selection and a truly local atmosphere.
and I get take out, add a bottle of wine, and have romantic dinner parties-for-two on our front porch.
Big portions, affordable prices, excellent tasting....just the way Chinese food is meant to be.
Be prepared to spend at least 4 hours wandering around.
A true, authentic dive in the most accurate sense of the word.
Capital is my go to Friday night spot!\n\nI love visiting Capital Brewery anytime of year.
The free valet parking is a great perk too.
The food has been consistently good, and their specials are always interesting.\n\nThe menu is small, but for Carmon's, this is a good thing since everything on the menu is delicious.
This lovely restaurant near the BOA Headquarters and the business district is a surprisingly excellent restaurant in a hotel at the Marriott.
I think the best was when I got invited into a private box, but it's hard to get back outside after that.\n\nThe stadium also hosts college bowl games as well....
A few favorite things are great here.
the waiter was friendly but not intrusive.
I figure I'd get a late night burger and I wasn't disappointed.
The staff often stopped to smile back at the baby when she was smiling at them, and our waiter asked if we needed anything for her.
They were so nice to do it and they took the cardboard boxes with them.
The waitress without hesitation proclaimed they always had a vegan version, but it was never put on the menu.\nWarning: even though it's vegan, it still contains the same amount of salt that was reported on all the news channels when the salt, fat, and cholesterol police made the sodium content available to the public.
Nothing pretentious here, just good wings, a huge burger, and unique selections.
\n\nThey also have a juice bar & vegetarian \""cafe.\"" I don't think I'd call it a cafe, more like buffet.
They have a great selection which includes an entire bookcase of my personal favorite genre, Southern Fiction.
\nWe had a server who was efficient despite being slammed once the music started.
\n\nParking is fairly convenient as well, which is a definite plus for something located uptown.
\n\nThe calamari and the proscuitto appetizer are a great start to the meal and not too heavy or filling and I could eat a whole basket of the warm bread.
Order specialty pancakes \""for the table\"" (to share).
\n\nCheck out the Hand made Pizza station.
It is small enough that you can ride every ride in one day and large enough so you are never bored.
And the one I had wasn't a ticking grease bomb!\n\nDo yourself a favor when you go and try the red lentil soup.
I was looking for an engagement ring and had some very good options online, but I am willing to pay a little more for good costumer service and to shop locally.
They are very good, especially the dinner special.
I recommend this place if you want a sanitary, quick piercer who is no-nonsense and gets the job done immediately.
It's always a fresh look with lots of different colors and textures!
I got the platinum service which cleans the inside as well and they did a great job.
\n\nPerhaps my favorite dish at The Original Pancake House is their chocolate chip pancakes.
Always give the special a shot.
The people with me had the elk filet and were very pleased with their choice.
Dr Gerson is really great also- funny guy (kind of gruff, but kind if you look beyond that).
Alrighty, I now officially feel sort of bad about my last review on this place, but it was indeed an honest review that was based on my few experiences at the time.
I am already booked for my next visit at the end of the month...right on time to get sexy for New Years Eve.
And that is delicious steaks, insane deserts and outstanding service.
This is up there in my top 5 thrift stores.
There really isn't a bad seat in the house...
Love this place and everyone who works here!
I was aware going in that they weren't going to make it fit exactly perfect and they surely exceeded my expectations.\n\nWhen I showed up on Friday, the two women (mother and daughter) were so kind and warm.
I saw a few fun bands while I was there and the sound was great.
I moved to Pittsburgh about four months ago, so I only have recent experience to go by, and I think this place is great.
My friend recommended asking for the potatoes to be \""crispy\"" and I'm glad I did.
Bartender very attentive and awesome!\n\nService - as mentioned, the bartender was attentive and I would def come back with my girls/guys for some fun drinks.
There was no \""come back on Monday or come back in a week\"" story from them - as soon as we agreed on the details, we were told that we would be driving our vehicle home that afternoon.\n\nKristen even followed up with us this week, and sent my 4 year old a \""Swagger Wagon\"" can cooler because she noticed that my daughter liked the promotional video.
You'll have no problems getting here fast enough that you won't turn into a pumpkin.
I wasn't able to explore more in the Inn, but all the things I was able to see I loved.
I recommend going here for breakfast and not for lunch.
I love this place for my nails and pedicure!
My car broke down the other night and a friend told me I should have it towed to Buffalo Tire.
They also have sandwiches there besides bread so if you're looking for a quick treat, you should stop on in!
it was easy to fall asleep on the comfortable beds, and I woke up to a rather decent continental breakfast.\n\nThe amusement park is right across the street, however you still have to walk a little bit to get to the entrance.
There is plenty of space, and there is a decent homegoods section as well.
good place if your in Madison
The goat cheese, spinach & sun-dried tomato filling was surprisingly light, even after dredging it through the brown gravy and sour cream.\n\nFor our entree, my other half ordered the Hausgemachte Maultaschen \""geschmelzt\"", pasta filled with meat and spinach, lightly dressed with sauteed onions and beef broth.
The BBQ burger cooked medium is perfection!
Although the physical structure and ambiance leave a bit to be desired.
This place is GREAT if you're looking for a tasty, quick lunch like a sandwich, burger, or salad.
The ribs were fall-off-the-bone good, at a decent price, with that tangy sweet sauce that so many people like.
Furthermore, said meat and cheese products are *delicious*.
The interior could use some sprucing, but, all in all, it was good Italian food.
Can't imagine what it's like in the summer.
Cannellini beans tossed with tomato, basil, red onion, tomato, and olive oil are a delicious light start to your meal.
Baxter is worth checking out if you're near the state line.
Calamari, Lobster, Crab, and yes, fries.
Lunches are generally busy, but I've rarely had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.\n\nThe dinner menu is much more expensive than lunch and the atmosphere changes...it's almost like two different restaurants.
Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.
Smoked salmon appetizer was as good as the other yelpers say and the portion was humongous.
I could never stop saying good things about the Animal Rescue League!
I really like their house noodle (kind of a mix between Pud Thai and Pud See Ew).
Probably one of the best places to eat pasta or wood-fired pizza...
Yes it's a chain, but not every Capital Grille gets 5 stars from me.
Fun atmosphere - and apparently a big pole in the middle of the women's bathroom (see back of menu).
My daughter's sesame shrimp was also delicious (she let me have a bite) although she thought it was a little too sweet.\n\nStaff was quick to refill drinks throughout the meal, and our total bill for dinner was $38 - a relative bargain considering we had two appetizers, two entrees and multiple refills on my daughter's soda.
\n\nAlmost as tasty as that good night kiss.
My meal was enjoyable I got spicy beef dish and it came with potatoes.
So the bar was set pretty high through Whole Foods and Safeway.
The service from the staff was excellent.
It was so good in fact, that I didn't even consider anything else during our 2nd visit in two weeks.
- YOU DO NOT DESERVE THE CAP-G\"" Yeah, bringing it back to Seinfeld for that one.
When we arrived, we were warmly greeted by Jorge and Francesco, who would be making our food that evening.
They are super busy because they are so great, so they have no need to do unnecessary repairs.
In this age of mechanically separated chicken, it's good to see somewhere which doesn't cater to the lowest common denominator.\n\nThe amazing food just goes on and on,\n\nAnd everything is tastier then the last.
I wish I could remember his name.
aside from that, they stand back and let you marvel at the good food.
The hot tub is really nice.
Through the years, their customer service has been outstanding!
Like most college students my common sense eventually came back, but that's another story.\n\nWell he took me back and showed me the raw beans, and how they roasted them.
The white tuna was delicious as was the salmon.
We had just driven about 6 hours from Jersey to Pittsburgh, we got in kind of late and hungry, and decided to get something to eat here because it was so close to our hotel (and I did not want to get back in the car and drive somewhere.) \n\nThey had a good drink special (a couple of dollars for a margarita), and we got sandwiches and burgers.
I'm sure a lot of their other food is good too, but anyone that names a sandwich after the local hero and my favourite (joint) QB, is going to get my business, and since that sandwich is so delicious, it's the only thing I've ever ordered since I started going there.
Polite, attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.
Due to the third annual Schizophrenia hardcore/gabber event, my friend Aaron and I found ourselves on the outskirts of Madison and in need of whiskey.
Something told me to be adventuresome when my first choice for lunch was closed for the day.
I wish NoVa had a place this size and this beautiful!
The food is good - comfort food for the soul.
\n\nCON: Too many good options and I could only order one entree.\n\nWe will definitely be going back there soon to try their other items on the menu.
Great airport and service personell...especially being a hub airport (for US Air, maybe one or two others).
The atmosphere is simple and tastefully done (unlike another restaurant in Oakland, cough cough).\n\nThe staff are courteous and accommodating.
Worth a stop - be extra nice to the staff, they are awesome.
It didn't sound like it would taste great from the description and my cousin is ultra picky, so I don't fault him at all...
Service at the bar was very prompt and friendly despite them being very busy.
Felt compelled to write a quick review after having a phenomenal burrito here today.
The toppings are not cooked, the cheese melts a bit but not all the way and the peperoni is lukewarm at best.
Ryan, at one point, shoved his seat back, sat up straight with hands on thighs, neck rigid like a scout-dog, let out a billowing exhale, momentarily composed himself, then jumped back in for another oyster and few more forkfuls of rice.
My dream weekend starts with waking up and taking a nice long walk, stopping for coffee then heading on to WF to pick up Eggs Rancheros Burritos and Sausage patties from the breakfast bar.
Its proximity to Frick Park makes it an excellent place to stop for sandwiches and provisions for a picnic.
\n\nMy friends and I ordered a little bit of everything...fajitas, shrimp quesadillas, tacos, rice and beans.
This is the best restaurant in C-U.
The store does take credit card, so that's a great modern convenience.
Good for their simplicity, they have this cheapo little sandwich called a \""skinny\"" that is just meat and bread.
This place is a classic \""don't be fooled by the outside\"" place.
the rooms are typically adorned with a DVD player and movies are available to borrow.
\n\nUnfortunately, I usually get massive amounts of heartburn after eating at Zorba's, but it's totally worth it.\n\nI've been told that Zorba's has live music some nights, but I've never actually seen it.
Upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer, but has nice views.
can i reach in my wallet to give you the cash, needless to say i said yeah your right and left without tipping.
Their garlic bread's not the best, but it's edible and again, I can't stress how much I love that baked mostaccioli!!!!
Airports get extra points for the wifi =)
I have been here many times over the years and everyone is friendly and the food is always tasty.
Good service, and the fare I've come to expect from Noodles locations.
That said, it wasn't bad either.\nOn the bright side, my boss said that Dor-Stop's was one of the best eggs benedicts he'd ever had.
The relaxed pace at Carmon's is probably the most French thing about the place.
Instead of ordering just two entrees, we wanted to sample as many libations and treats as possible.\n\nFirst, we ordered the white wine flight, and split a few seafood appetizers; then, we ordered the red wine flight, and split a few meaty appetizers; and, finally, we each ordered a glass of our favorite red and split a chocolate ravioli with raspberry sauce dessert.
Her tattoo turned out amazing as well.
Pittsburghs goin' to the superbowl!\n\n\n\""Y'ins kicked ass this yir, playin dawn-tawn at the new stadium.\"" \n\nI love you, the best things about Pittsburgh- ever.
I really like the way this airport is laid out.
Also, while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch, you get a lot a food.
We went for friends bridal shower brunch and stayed for the art.
First let me say FREE PARKING!!!!
Both were fresh and lightly dressed.
The kind of clog your arteries good.
Had the chicken pretzel sandwich which was good.
There are tables for dining, a long bar for sitting and watching the game, and volleyball courts out back for summer fun.
\n\nAdded bonus: Awesome beer selection, some brews I haven't seen.
I like the cheese area but I never know what to get and so I've never bought cheese here.
The house noodle dish is fantastic.
They communicate clearly about diagnostic and treatment options.
There are always some randoms bartending and you're never sure if you'll get a hipster or old mother Hubbard, but they always serve great drinks!
The service was great and the prices weren't bad either.
I saw Shakespeare's \""As You Like It\"".
Such a wonderful trip to this place.
I'm not going to do too much of an in-depth review, most of the basics have already been covered below....but I must note that their lattes are astounding.
Really good coffee in a not small mug.
Definitely a place I would visit again :)
Remember to check in with Yelp to get a free coffee!
Olive or Twist, a narrow bar tucked away in the Cultural District, has friendly service, reasonable prices, and pretty decent bar food.
Her favorite parts were the painting room and the water room.
Shadyside is one of my favorite neighborhoods in the city, especially on a Saturday afternoon.
Wow, I think I found my new favorite local grocery store!
Fiesta on the other hand....well, there are few places I'd rather sit on the patio and have margaritas.
The addition of BYOB was a hidden gem as well.
The best place for Indian food in Charlotte.
I'd highly recommend the Scramble for breakfast and the Wing Walker for lunch.
\nNext the place is in Wholey Fish Market, Wholey gets fresh fish daily, so you know his sushi is going to be some of the freshest in Pittsburgh.\nFinally, the price, load up on Andy's rolls and sashimi for the fairest price in the city.
Unpretentious, hole in the wall that is worth the drive.
I had the pasta trio and thought the ravioli was amazing.
Looks like just another house from the outside as you go zooming by on 7th Street, but this family-run garden shop is worth a look if you need to spruce up your yard or get your green thumb on.\n\nThe inside of the house is more like a gift shop with a pretty wide variety of gardening gifts and knick-knacks- from watering cans to small planters to all kinds of kitsch one can stick into their garden.
That was ok nothing I would order again.
Amazing is all I can say.
Like this Westin better than any I've stayed in.
\n\nThe wifi was definitely spotty but it was free so that was a plus.
And once again, Rosa gets my blouse back to me, looking like it had never stepped foot in a Mexican restaurant.\n\nThe best part, every time I stop in, Rosa tells me I'm pretty.
In the heart of the theater district separated from PNC Park by only the Clemente Bridge, close to plenty of solid dining options, walking distance from Heinz Field, walking distance to nightlife .
I love that they have a local beer selection on tap and in bottles.
I'm the first person to stick my nose up at Asian fusion, but hot dang, I had a wonderful meal here.
Always delish, fresh and well made meals, great wine, warm atmosphere.
Also worth mentioning are the spicy basils stir fry, the spicy basil noodles, and the three flavor chicken.
They were great , succulent and tasty.\nThey were also very meaty I had trouble finishing the whole rack !
Great portions, low prices, tasty food.
The potatoes were much better than before and the eggs were done on a per order basis when it wasn't busy.
\n\nOne of the best kept Le Mardi Gras secrets is that on Sunday they offer free food to their patrons.
They've changed it a bit over the years, but I still love this buffet.\n\nAppetizers- My family loves the soft pretzels.
Boston Markets are the same anywhere, but the people who work here are great.
Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got cheese in my tummy.\n\nThis place is very compact.
I like both better than Smith and Wollensky, Butcher and Singer, Ruth's Chris, Sullivan's, and The Palm.
I went straight for the cider.
The service was excellent, the staff is knowledgeable about the various products and is more than willing to spend time and answer questions.
\n\nNot only did they respond and were ready with the cash when I arrived, but they were really nice about it.
The video people seem to always find enthusiastic fans to promote...the dancing is contagious and sometimes a bit over-the-top (you know what I mean if you saw that little elementary kid dancing \""the dirty.\"") The Lady Cats have definitely got their groove going on and make for quite a hot performance!
They walked me through the entire process, and I believe I received excellent care.
They were still nicely crispy even in the buffet!
Our favorite manager is Joe and favorite server is Kevin.
Since we're both parents and don't get out often without our children in tow, we wanted to make sure that we fully enjoy our food and drink wherever we decide to go.\n\nWe actually enjoyed ourselves very much, thank you, at this wonderful downtown spot.
The side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me.
I just hope I always have a rather positive experience!
It was served on what tasted like fresh tomatoes over the pasta.
I wouldn't say that they were the best that i'd ever had, but they were pretty good.
But make sure you pick the right one.
I've always heard good things about the Spaghetti Warehouse, and I'm one to love a great dish of spaghetti and meatballs!\n\nA friend of mine had a buy-one-get-one coupon from the local newspaper, so the two of us ate for the price of one.
The salted caramel was absolutely delicious.
They should put iton the menu :) \n\nFor entrees, I got the pad thai and hubby got the filet.
\n I will definitely be back!
I'm excited to try their iced drinks now that the weather is warming up.
This is a beautiful restaurant and deserves 5 stars.
But that could also be because I'm not using the proper technique.\nEither way InnerPeaks is awesome, not only do they have some hard core walls that wrap around the entire interior of the building, but they also have little stations where you can work on your grips, techniques and strength training.
I realize that seems like no big deal, but I would feel better about the whole experience with a new floor that's easier to clean.
There was a jazz band playing which gave the place a good atmosphere.
FAIL OPEN TABLE REVIEWS!\n\nMorton's The Steakhouse, to the average joe, is a special occasion treat.
I personally preferred the first one.\n\nMy favorite food item was my entree.
A special shout-out to my deli favorites: forbidden rice salad, Cajun spiced tofu, Asian-baked tofu, and sesame noodles.
Don't let the humble sized kitchen fool you..it cranks out some great meals.
I ordered the Turkey Club with a side of macaroni salad and loved every bite!
A great neighborhood bar in the strip with authentic tasting Irish pub food.
Great little place to grab lunch.
I'd definitely go back to Dexter's - sure, they dropped the ball, but they did an honorable thing and made everything right by us.
Okay, that may be a lie, but if you've been here you'd know why I'm saying this.\n\nAs much as I love the newfangled bakeries such as Vanilla and the now defunked Dozen, to me, there is nothing like a good old fashioned take a number type of bakery.
Great place for lunch!\n\nThe reviews on yelp don't do this place justice.
Although the restuarant is small, the ambiance is wonderful.
Everything on the menu is memorable.\n\nThis place is, however crowded and can be quite noisy and they don't take reservations.\n\nSomewhat food-allergy friendly, but no gluten-free pasta, and they could improve a bit on this.
Oh and like others have said, they are NOT OPEN on TUESDAYS.
I then had the special French toast, which came with peaches: for some reason I expect fresh peaches, but they were canned.
The light and very tasty crepes are served with a small salad topped with mandarin oranges and a champagne vinaigrette.
A broad, customizable menu with a solid mix of Italian and Greek deliciousness.
For everything here, I am never ceased to be amazed by how neat and organized it is.
The food is simple and tasty (even if you just want a simple garden burger, Cajun fried & a blue moon!) The atmosphere is cozy and unpretentious.
Though I think this may be by design, kind of like a casino.
Let's face it: if you've grown up, went to school or currently live in the area, you've probably spent a Sunday devoring forkfuls of Pamela's unique and delicious brand of pancake.
I had the homemade beans and Mac and cheese, both were delicious!
I have been eating and playing poker at Picasso's for over a year now .
We drove across town from Lake Norman to Phillips Place searching for the best oysters in town and we found it here.
However, although good, the food does not satisfy my appetite when I'm in the mood for \""soul food\"" or southern cooking.
The number and size of lanes makes up for the small amount of time you spend in the locker room and outside of the pool.
The bonus: Andy treats you with friendly hospitality and part of the Wholey's family.
Our server was wonderful and we had a lovely time.
What an absolutely delightful and special dining experience!
They have a variety of dishes guaranteed to please all ages.
We will definitely be going back (with a bit more knowledge of the menu)!
The Virginia spots are one of my personal favorites.
The sauce is really sweet, the best thing I can compare it to is spaghetti O's sauce...
I was more than pleasantly surprised to find several veg appetizers and an inventive vegetarian main on their exclusive menu.
I loved the Strawberry Shortcake too.
This is, by far, the BEST place to eat breakfast anywhere in the world.\n\nDo not leave Sam's without trying the pancakes.
Good truck stop dining at the right price.
\n\nThe service is a little slow but once again, it is a small restaurant with lots of charm.
\n\nI have stopped through a couple of times and remember the food being really tasty and the airport being easy to maneuver.
Cajun Queen serves up consistent cajun food in a fun environment.
I decided I'd bite the bullet and hope the stain would come out.
is always a good choice, but if you really want to travel to yum-yum land, get the Panna.
As much as a sushi fan as I am I going to stick my neck out and say this is the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
the restaurant is dark romantic and the decor is amazing.
The seafood and veggies always have a really fresh taste...
There are very few things more satisfying than a deep bowl of pho on a cold winter day.
\n\nI recommend this place to anyone and will definitely come back to try some other types of pancakes.
Mary, one of the owners, told me it was her favorite, best on the menu.
If you like donuts, you will love it.
Surprisingly peaceful...not overly packed packed wit customers considering it was 1pm on Monday...\n\nLocated minutes from the Strip District...sufficient parking available on the side...had to wait several minutes to be seated cuz no hostess was available...\n\nDecor was eclectic ...brings u back to the days of the \""phone booth\""...i wouldn't know them days...lol :)\n\nThe food was amazing :) the salmon was juicy and tasty...but wasn't a fan of the green paste on top...
While I love the idea of a drive-in in theory, in practice I'm always annoyed by it.
However, I'd cut them some slack here because the infrastructure is not built for 4000+ people hanging around the hotel.\n\nAll those problems aside, I thought service was good and this hotel has a good location with walking access to lots of restaurants.
Also seemed more brightly lit this time, so that probably helped.
We got to sample a lot of the appetizers and everything was so exquisitely prepared.
lol\nAnyways back to the Saucer, draft beer menu, some really good bar quality food, pool tables.
The wait staff was extremely friendly, as well!\n\nNow for the burger: It was absolutely huge!
I had never been there before but we stuck around after the tasting and ended up right in the middle of an enormous party!
Decor is standard sports bar kitsch but the place is clean and vibrant, service is really good, and nearly everything I have had there has been extremely well done and consistent.
\n\nService can be a tad slow but hit or miss.\n\nThey also do breakfast and its a great alternative to waiting at eat and park.\n\nTry the shakes, they're great.
I still haven't found any ghost activity, but as long as Frank is serving drinks, I'll certainly keep looking!
Mama Ricotta's is my ideal Italian restaurant.
I've always found the staff to be friendly and knowledgeable.
Everything was festively decorated for the holidays.
Thankfully my baby slept through our entire dinner despite how loud the place is.
This thrift store has a truly community friendly atmosphere.
I strolled in (literally-baby on board!) on a Tuesday afternoon for a treat after having lunch at Little Tokyo.
The tortilla was good and the cabbage added the traditional touch.
So, being in that area, my Mother wanted the Chinese Chicken Salad at Applebee's, one of her all time favorites.
The small office seemed like a friendly, casual environment.
I did however like their new growler station.
Egg Rolls, General Tso's, Happy Family, Triple Delight, dumplings...all taste delicious.
He was very cordial and paid great attention to detail.
\n\nWe started with the pate appetizer, which came with cornichons, sweet onion relish, old-style mustard, and baguette: no complaints, it was very tasty.
I have to admit that the Bobcats are a very far distant second team for me behind the Celtics.
Way better than Famous Dave's ribs
\n\nI feel like their breakfast treats leave more to be desired and their coffee is so so.
This rating is inflated because of the location: I\""m coming from the Bay Area where there are tons of great Mexican joints and Fiesta doesn't really compete with them, but it's by far the best we have here in C-U.
The sauces perfectly complement the fish.
\n\nEveryone that works there is so helpful.
The staff knows EVERY one of the animals, they do all they can to care for them, and keep the doors WIDE open for both domestic and wild animals, even if that means a staff member or volunteer takes a cat or dog home!
And the building its self is a site to see its very fancy'ish but they love the kids !!
I previously went to this location a couple years ago for a tux and had a good experience.
It was made with a very delicious crust, nice and crisp, not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)\n\nThe one waitress we had JASMINE, was fantastic!
The best things about Casbah are it's very cool atmosphere, good service (a very friendly hostess and knowledgeable server).\n\nI had a wine flight (they have a good wine selection), and several appetizers, soups and salad.
My hubby and I shared a mixed berry cobbler served with vanilla bean ice-cream.
I'm forever on a quest for a good bakery.
The spices were fresh, intriguing, and well-balanced, and the quality of all the ingredients seemed very high.
The cheese blend is really good.
It was an honest assessment, and that meant more to me than anything else.\n\nI'm in my second year now in the PMBA program, and I'll tell you this--I will never regret this decision.
Their Americanized offerings are also cooked pretty well, definitely better than take out restaurants.\n\nContrary to popular belief, China Palace actually has a Taiwanese owner and not an American owner.\n\nChina Palace is nice as you can go there with people with more Americanized palates if you have a more Asian palate, or vice versa, and you can please everyone.\n\nPrices run from around 9 dollars to upper teens for some of the chef's specials.\n\nHighly Recommended.
\n\nOverall, excellent spot with great authentic beer and food.
Want good bloody mary's to kick off your Saturday or Sunday morning?
I really liked \""Possibilities: Rising Stars of Contemporary Craft in North Carolina\"" in the summer.
Seriously, the best I've found in the US (...and by that I mean darkest chocolate.
My favorite meal here is the Turkey Jezebal, thin sliced turkey, lettuce, tomato, cheese, served on a croissant style bun.
and I think a few concerts.\n\nSure all the newer NFL stadiums are great, but I think Bank of America Stadium is still pretty modern and growing in charm.
It's been almost a week since my mani and pedi and it's still going strong.
The surrounding concrete pool deck has abundant chairs for sunbathing and covered tables for finding a cool spot to escape the sun.
It's always friendly and I feel like they are eager to please.
\n\nI love the atmosphere at Dexters.
Membership is easy- just fill out a form and pay $30 (individual) or $50 (family) and you're good to go.
They are very loyal to their customers and provide a wide variety of comics to choose from.
Service was perfect: attentive but not hovering.
I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm.
Best German food I've ever had.
I take my grandfather here once a week because he LOVES the food.
So, now that the old timer glee club has abandoned this location, I can truly say that the relocation of this 'Bucks has become my favorite.
The gates open a good bit before the game, but people will be waiting in line to get the best seats.
She did a great job thinning it out and giving me layers without sacrificing length.
They really shine in the dessert area though, the bread pudding Brioche was absolutely fabulous.
I can say, however, that the terminals are clean, nice, and easy to navigate.
Don't worry he didn't pick anything up off the floor and put it back on plates, i checked.
Don't forget a reservation on weekends.
I normally hate tofu, but I even enjoyed the fried tofu dish.
The wait staff is very educated and can help you with selections, wine pairings and anything you need.
Brought along two bottles of wine, which is such a nice bonus.
I can't say I thought the restaurant aesthetics were that fantastic.
Their sweet potato fries are served with a side of brown sugar honey butter dipping sauce that I wish I could make at home.
I was extremely pleased with my choice, because in my experience hot and sour soup is a very hit or miss dish.
This restaurant takes special care of my kids by making sure they get chicken that has not gone through the egg wash.
It is a big bowl with beans, and rice if you desire, a wonderfully spicy tomato sauce base.
Be prepared to walk a while to get there.
The wall of Clemente, Steel Curtain photos, and my personal favorite, the shoe-string tackle of Nick Harper, which I find amusing to be considered one of the greatest plays in Pittsburgh sports apparently.
They completed the work in the quoted amount of time and did a great job.
The inn is really lovely and it's a great if you want to try something new or different for brunch!\n\nService is impeccable and the whole atmosphere is just so elegant!
The beans would be great if they were smoked and hade little bits of meat in them.
We had good service and they were very accommodating despite the fact that a few folks in our group were pretty loud and maybe bordering on the obnoxious side.
This place reminds me half of a diner from the 1950's, and half my grandmas kitchen.\n\nThe seating room is accommodation, the service prompt and courteous.The prices are fantastic and so is the food.\n\nI had a grilled hodge podge combination of hot/sweet sausage, potatoes, eggs, and peppers all on one dish for 9.50.
As much as Borders and Barnes are tried and true, it's refreshing to know that an indy is still around.
We planned our departure time so that we could get here at lunch (it was a mere 7 hour drive!) \nWe both ordered the Bacon Cheese all beef dog (hot dog with bacon and melted cheddar on top) plus a corn dog, dusted wings and two root beers.
It came fast and was oh so good!
There are some great pizza places in this City, and this is one of the best.
Tons of faves like wings and burgers but the intriguing \""Codfather,\"" which I will take part in at some point!
\n\nDiverse, well stocked non-perishables and cheap, delicious pitas and prepared food accompaniments.
Other than water temp, I liked the fact that the cold water pool was only for lap swimming.
They are open until 3am on the weekends, so if you get a late night hankering for pizza you are in luck.
I believe they would park INSIDE the store if they could).\nI don't complain about the prices, because the food, and health benefits, are worth it in the long-term.
Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold.
I came here for the show called True Grit: Frames, Fixations and Flirtations, which is a blend of woodwork and other types of craft with art.
Good conversation, no frills, and a darned good haircut from an experienced barber, all at a very reasonable price.\n\nMade my appointment earlier today, got right in, and had a great experience.
Don't worry after an hour and 2 calls to the airport police the nice folks helped me load my bags on the shuttle I should have taken an hour ago.
\n\nThe waiting room is very large and has regular size chairs as well as a few small benches.
This was absolutely fine by me, since I enjoy sweeter digestifs later at night.
The late night staff is great too as long as you're not overly drunk or loud; my friends and I have come in enough that they recognize us, even though some of us have been alumni for a few years now.\n\nAs noted above, the stack is their signature item (hash browns, meat, cheese, egg, and gravy), which I recommend with sausage (hamburger is too plain) and a biscuit.
So after the encouragement of many of my friends I decided to gave this place another try.
I was actually pleasantly surprise by my visit to the Cherry House.
I also heard no complaints about the black & white ice cream sandwich (dark chocolate cookies, white chocolate cheesecake ice cream, peppermint sabayon, pomegranate molasses), though it sounds like too much for me.
This was as good or perhaps even better than any other strip I've had in town.
So allow yourself two-three hours for dinner.
Small-ish portions and a very pleasant covered heated patio.
There's room for improvement but it's everything I'd look for if I was looking for a locally owned, non-chain Mexican restaurant.\n\nWe did have a service oops.
Service is excellent and the place is always clean.
The buffalo chicken dip disappeared within minutes as it was better than any buffallo chicken dip any of us have had at a restaurant.
Charlotte is an awesome city and the stadium is very nice.
Something that seemed a bit odd to me.\nAs far as uptown southern goes, I'd say Mert's is your spot for casual, friendly, quick but still very tasty - a nice place to hang out with friends.
Booze and Bait,what more do you want?
Great view of the Mon too.
It seems like it could be highly stressful for the servers, but Diane was smiling every time she came back.
We called in advance and the managers were all very kind - they told us to stop by their office and say, \""Hello\"" even.
I can't even put into words how good the pies were.
All the Dogfish Head and Rogue a girl could ever want?
But like I said, it is possible to eat here for a reasonably.
Atmosphere is nice but a little too dark and loud for my tastes.
I ordered the bacon cheeseburger with the works (hold the cheese) and he ordered two (2) trios; one for now and one for later.\n\nThe food was good, but the fries were sparse and non-crispy while they were seasoned OK.
Staff is knowledgeable and makes great suggestions.
for my attendants, which is standard in larger cities and which smaller cities like Buffalo are even catching on to.
The environment inside is very pleasant and homey.
All the other times, including this time, I was told my car looked great.
While you won't find anything truly amazing, everything I've tried has been delicious, well thought out, and ready quickly.\n\nValue: this is where they truly shine.
Common Ground is packed with anything you might need- from toilet paper, to pet food, an impressive bulk selection (bulk nut butter can be good if you are an addict!....just buy a few servings at a time), fresh produce, baked items, and grocery, to name a small chunk.
The accompanying refried beans were decent, and served to allow for the spice from the tacos to dissipate.
I like quality, but I also like a good price and I got both at Stamoolis.
Took a friend to chow down at this thai restaurant.
I gotta say that the food from this restaurant is really good and the service is very nice.
The service, provided mostly by Diane, was excellent.
My favorite was the tuna but everything was delicious.
So much food we didn't think we would eat it, but it was so good we did!
I had many visits here and always pretty happy about the airport itself.
We walked in without reservations at 7pm on a Friday and when we asked if we could sit at the bar we were told \""yeah, if you can find seats\"".
Service is quick, knowledgable and incredibly courteous.
Since I always do what I'm told, I went with the Wiltshire Patty, a delicious brisket sandwich.
Score on fantastic products at a more \""affordable\"" price.
The bartenders are on the ready to assist you with making your favorite drink.
Took the girls here for Mother's Day and sat on the patio, which is even more attractive with the new greenway.
\n\nThey do have the best Cinnamon pretzels, however, there's usually always just 1 person working or taking orders in the cafe.
Great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food.
Lucky for me everyone inside was nice and the people waiting with me were all very friendly.
I say this merely b/c a couple people have said it's a great date spot.
\n1) Pork Dumplings - good...not really unique or anything; pretty standard for dim sum \n2) Sesame rolls - AWESOME!!!
They all actually embraced me as soon as I started to boogie which was cool.
At the end, instead of using an electric razor to shave the back of my neck, he used a straight razor with warm shaving cream.\n\nI'm going to keep coming to this place because I like the traditional feel and the familiar atmosphere.
I had the meatless loaf sammich, and it was awesome, though it tasted nothing like meatloaf.
I love old navy clothing, it's vintage styling with good prices.
Even though I lived out in Bloomfield, I chose to drive out to this vet because I'd heard good reviews about Dr.
\n\nAs soon as i walked in, I felt really special, which sounds corny and laughably pathetic but I'm not kidding...I felt like one of Angelina Jolie's adopted kids...really special.
After working for the rival of Target for years, Target has become my favorite mega chain store to shop at.
In Penn Station on the way home, they post what train to board on 15 minutes before its departure, you board yet again with no bag checks or pat downs, and they check your ticket like 30 minutes after the train has left.
You walk in and they've got a nice selection of canned and bottled beverages - including beer.
I'm guessing if you're like me you don't go to Mortons often, so try something that is hard to get elsewhere.
\n\nStaff were all gracious, helpful, and kind.
Melts in your mouth with miso broth.\n -The Royal Platter is by far the most impressive display.
Yay, let's continue to oppress women's sexuality!
For those not from the midwest, it is a nice oasis.
I usually go for the enchiladas, but I've been super impressed by the fajitas, and most recently, a vegetable quesadilla that was parmesan encrusted - somewhat odd sounding, but soooo good.
The only downside was that the heat in the room was up pretty high and we couldn't figure out how to turn the heat down (no room controls).
The servers were courteous and the service was pretty quick.
\n\nI used to come here every Sunday after church and order his special not on the menu rolls.
Classroom Central is an awesome organization helping students in underprivileged schools get school supplies they desperately need.
We went for my wife's 30th birthday with a large group of people and it was a great experience.
Next door to the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
very fresh and juicy.\nSesame crusted Ahi Tuna.
The meat was cook just perfect with a flavor glaze that is so good.
There are tables and booths - the place kind of looks like a Burger King knock-off.
And buy your dry stock at Trader Joe's or the East End Food Co-Op.\nI love Whole Foods.
Holes are tightly packed, so half the time you have to remind yourself (or the peeps ahead of ya) to step off the green, please.
I don't know if the popcorn shrimp was, but the beef and noodles, fried chicken and mashed potatoes definitely were.
I was so happy that it was within very short walking distance from the tire place, saving me from a fast-food breakfast.\nI did the gyro omelette with hash browns and a biscuit.
I needed a sweater rewoven and Lulu did an awesome job.
The focaccia bread was grilled to perfection.
Gyros, tzatziki, fries, and friendly cooks and cashiers make this place a must-go.
But that smaller size actuality work in favor of Double Door, there is a very homey, friends and family vibe about the whole place.
Food is SO much better than Carrabas, Olive Garden, etc., I don't know if locals don't know good Italian food when they taste it (I'm from Boston, which has many great Italian restaurants), or if it's a weekend problem (I almost never eat out on weekends, since service is always worse on busy nights at any restaurant).
Deceptively large and packed with with information.\n\nPrepare to take at least an hour and be ready for a history that pulls no punches.
I really enjoyed riding the bus downtown to the Convention Center everyday, and the venue is really beautiful.
Always a good time, although it's definitely not a place I would visit often.
Few places have such charm that I believe influence my enjoyment of the food.
Customer service at the desk was great.
The service is some of the best in B/N food was great (I got the burrito loco) and a good place to watch a sports game, Definately one of my new favorite resturants.
By far the best oysters I ever had!!!
Just don't worry about your wallet.
In Charlotte for business and wanted some good local fair.
It's definitely the place to go to have fun in Ft.
I handed her my key, and they told me they would email me a copy of my bill, since I used my credit card to book.
Southern hospitality = bathroom attendants = clean bathrooms.
I had lost some serious inches and he made my old stuff fit like new.
My husband enjoyed the wings and I had a fantastic sandwich!
It went from being a stuffy, dull, \""stuffed and mounted\"" exhibit to being a really neat walk-through one.
sometimes I pack my lunch (a quick sandwhich and some crackers) then head over to Zorba's just for some fries and ranch, hahaha!
The updated open kitchen and living room combination were beautifully decorated and super clean.
Normally you get a tomato based version in western NC, but Bubba's does Eastern pretty close.
The food was great and the wine was wonderful.
I do understand how someone looking at a $15 plate of \""Chinese\"" food could wonder why he or she is paying more for less than your standard Chinese restaurant, but it's never bothered me.
The cucumber gin drink that was featured was also great.
The pizza is the best, but the burgers (veggie and regular) are very good as well.
You MUST get the horseradish cheddar spread - you'll breathe better for days!!
I've been in Champaign for several years and whenever I need my Chinese food fix, I know exactly where to go.
You will be surprised at how convenient they are to stick in the freezer at the beach.\n\nAvoid: Urinating on the side of the building.
My sandwich was just filled with Boars Head ham, salami, cheese, delicious fresh tomatoes all on excellent toasted bread.
It was perfectly seasoned for my taste, though it was a bit hot for my mother.
If you're looking for a great salon with reasonable prices and friendly folks, MCN will be a perfect fit!\n\nPS.
Our server was very nice and had a to-go box waiting for me before I had to ask.
He recommended essentially all of our food to us, and we were happy with all of it.
Tasty sandwich with a TON of meat in there!\n\nChicago style Vienna all beef hot dog ($2.75)~ Very good dog with all the fixings.
(And me, and everyone alike.)\n\nThe Sandwich Shop doesn't look like that much from the outside but the warmth and atmosphere that Mama Ros and Mike put into it, is something amazing.
Staff are very friendly and accomodating.\n\nThis location used to be at the corner of Idlewild and Independence but moved down the street on 74 near the Nissan and Honda dealers, on the left heading east.
I've always received outstanding customer service and found the staff to go out of their way to find a solution for me.
I recommend trying the Jet Room.
Most likely because I licked them clean from the baller sauce that is on this BBQ.
Go and have yourself one of the best burgers you will ever have in your life and add a hot homemade bowl of soup to your check, outstanding!
Based on the finished work in some parts, the end result promises to be spectacular and commensurate with what one would expect of a top notch DoubleTree Hotel.
And it's really cheap, which is a rare but appreciated combination.
There is a beautiful garden outdoors with lots of trees and a sweet little gazebo which is perfect for those wedding photos.
It's right next door to Za's, where I've going a bit too often, so I'm glad I finally gave it a try.
This is the best Chinese food we've had since leaving NYC 4 years ago and living in many cities since.
The food is pretty good, but overly priced in my opinion.
I admire this and always try to give my business to local family run places like this .
I would venture to say this is better than the market district.
Go and enjoy some of Wisconsin's very best fried cheese curds.
\n\nKids are expected to behave (and ours have been reminded as have we - good for all).
However, if more were like my night here, than I might change my mind.\n\nNo pressure, relaxed atmosphere, in a very nice looking (and clean) venue!\n\nBest part of the night?
Also, the service was great, I never once had to ask for water.
\n\nEntrees varied and all were pretty good!
Ask for Paul the bartender-he is very competent, but also entertaining.
In and out in an hour.\nI'd go back because the fish was that good
I ordered the daily special: Halibut over a veggie succotash.
My boyfriend seemed surprised and delighted by the coffee roasted chicken with the orange-ricotta sauce( the bite I had was quite tasty).
They are willing to help you out and they give you a nice verity of food and items for a little shop they are.
We all had maybe one measly little wedge, and it definitely kept the salad from being as yummy as it should have been.
The economy *is* bad!\""\n\nIf a mere picture of Mert's ribs gets 25 likes, imagine how many their flavor would get.
Yep, they've been doing pretty terrible lately and I've been here in Charlotte for a few years now, so maybe it's time to think about changing my loyalties to my home town team.\n\nAs Steve mentions, we don't really have the rivalry here that really drives fans.
Our server Rachael did a awesome job.
\n\nThe taste was perfect - spicy, smooth, crunchy, warm.
Go to Lot 17, you will not regret it.
I used to love Smokey Bones when I lived in Orlando.
There were a lot of nice shirt that were just too small or too big.
Delays are usually not bad at CLT, and runway congestion is nearly absent with the addition of a 4th runway at Charlotte.
Fantastic food - top choices are the mozzarella and prosciutto appetizer, meatballs app, all pizzas, and gnocchi.
The room was very clean and comfortable - you basically get your own apartment, which makes for a very relaxing stay.
I've been flying in and out of this airport for more years than I care to think about, so it feels like home each time I'm there to fly, drop someone off or pick someone up.\n\nI remember when Douglas International was much smaller, similar to Greensboro or Raleigh, and have seen it expand quite a bit over the years.\n\nOf course, airports were much more fun back before the tragedy of 9/11.
The pad thai portion was huge and chock full of the good stuff (they did not skimp on the meat or veggies in here!) The sauce was flavorful and plentiful, yet light...not overly thick, oily, or sticky, as some pad thai sauces can be.
Carrot cake was monstrously huge and delicious.
My wife had a spicy chicken burrito, and my grilled fish tacos were fresh and full of flavor.
Low prices, massive portions, and better prepared, home made, flavorful food than they have any right to offer at the prices they charge.
Then a FULL plate of noodles/veggies...as I'm eating, I see the rice start an say oh \""SH&T\"" and start to eat faster while my wife watches and is content letting her plate rise with goodness and not concerned about \""timing\"".
He always comes back to me happy and healthy.
The only question I have is this...are the chickens free range?
\n\nDeli/Made-To-Order: The deli and made-to-order foods are currently my favorite.
I liked the flavor, and the greens were tender, soft but with a nice bite.
It's reassuring to know that you're going to walk into a facial and come out with soft supple skin - rather than a face full of red marks and peeling.
If you need a place for a private party, this place can host any size.
I'm not a deep dish fan; I'm more fond of the Chicago style hand-tossed (medium crust).
Make sure to ask for sweet and sour sauce if you order the crab rangoons as it is not assumed.
This is a really great tailor!
I wish no one else to service my clocks in the future!
The man at the front desk is very kind as well.
I really enjoyed everything that they served before it.
North of campus, in downtown Champaign, near good dining.
I would rank it in my top 3 of Italian hoagies.
One, Almost anything on the menu can be made gluten free.
Staff was great, rooms were clean and our view of the river was beautiful.
Dress fancy and get ready for a dining experience at Carpe Diem.
There are dinner entrees as well and I've ventured there a few times and was pleasantly surprised..
The hotel is very nice & the reps were all hospitable.
I've had several clothing items dry cleaned here and I'm very happy with the results.
\n\nI went here at the beginning of October and they have a great selection of adorable Halloween decorations.
It's a little sweet, but not too oily.
Went in and worked with this funny and wonderful man.
\""Hey, darling, you talkin' to your boyfriend?\"" the deli counter man recently teased me as I waited in line talking on my cell phone.
Lovely atmosphere, friendly and attentive waitstaff, just a bit crammed--you sit very close to the neighboring tables.
Definitely makes it worth checking out.
Considering I knew next to nothing about this, I needed some attention from a worker who could answer questions about durability and how to take care of the flowers I was looking at.
Absolute best price for quality sushi, and well worth the quick drive from Rock Hill.
Food is excellent, nice focused menu, fresh ingredients and nice wines.
Fried Okra and Sweet Sweet Tea!
Great outdoor seating, cozy inside seating and the bar is long and hospitable.
I was lucky to get a last minute reservation to get a manicure since it was Mother's Day weekend and they were apparently booked the entire time.\n\nI got an essential manicure with Marilyn and she was awesome.
They did a good job at directing people when to go to the buffet.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone!
The staff are ussually very helpful but it does get a bit loud inside when crowded.
The gorgeous facility on 6th St is worth a trip from visitors and residents alike.
Here's why:\n\nFor a chain, the menu is surprisingly upscale!
It is a good hour drive south to get there, so I won't be going too often, but I will be back.
Trust is how a business thrives.
We were the only reservation they had that evening the server insisted they were fully booked the rest of the week though!\n\nIf you have never been or never heard of them before, they ask for you and your party to call in how many courses and what entree choice you would like the day before so that they can plan a menu specifically for your party.
Steve and Clint are good newer additions as server and bartender.
Cheap, tasty food served by friendly people in a quaint environment.
Service is always friendly, but sometimes a little slow.
The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.\n\nThe pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:\nFiori's\nPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)\nPizza Perfectta\nAiello's (Murray Street)\nBeto's\n\nSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.
I added a little chili oil and it brightened up some.
They had live music that fit the scene, made the atmosphere, and stayed background enough to have a conversation - check it out Tuesdays through Saturdays.\n\nOrder the pecan catfish with the crawfish BBQ on top, aka \""Maria's special\"".
The potatoes were also amazing - true lyonnaise style with crispy outsides, warm insides, and plenty of onions.
Anyone who likes The Walking Dead AND Downton Abbey is alright in my book!\n\nAll Pets has been able to see me with very short notice, has never rushed me in and out the door, and always made me feel like my dogs were their top priority, even on busier days.
The treadmills are sufficient for running but Uptown is completely side-walked so if you prefer running outside its 'safe' from traffic at least.
\n\nWe are starting to get back our professional photos and the venue photographed beautifully; it was the perfect backdrop, in fact we chose to do our sneak peak in the 1st floor gallery space.
Previously, I did not even notice they had kept it until I returned months later and it was not in my car, luckily they still had it.
It's so cute inside and so French.
I really like their d\u00e9cor, classic diner style.
Ohh, the glorious cheese!\n\nThere were regal mountains of ricotta...
The food for our party was surprisingly good.
The suites are very comfortable and provide great views and a fun experience for you and your friends.\n\nThanks, Bobcats for being such a fun team and treating your fans!
Hot Haute Hot = Love Luv Loooove
Can i get some more toppings please i didn't get very much.
The service was attentive, helpful and pleasant.
Located at the intersection of Morehead and McDowell, Don's tennis has everything a tennis fan/player would want.
If you like fresh, good, normal food check out the Brunch at Fitzgerald's.
I want to see posters of thick eyebrowed women holding up kronos gyros.
After what we thought was 'adequate' wait time, we peered a bit over the fence and down towards the man (who we think may have been the owner).
I saw other vets at his clinic also and was always very happy with them too.
It's a big venue for a coffee shop, with a down stairs area with beautiful exposed brick and large opening windows that are great in the summer months, and also an upstairs area with many tables, a fireplace with sofas, and even a back private room people can rent out.
(Well, they're to the caliber of those art show liquidation paintings that cost $5, but I appreciate the ambiance enhancer.) \n\nEspecially fitting since this MickyD's is across the street from Nordstrom!
The atmosphere is inviting and cozy.
\n\nThe vet techs were all professional and cheerful.
Sad to see you go, thank you for the delicious food!
\n\nWhile I'll continue to be an ATM kinda gal, it's nice to know that folks inside this bank are getting the job done.
This is a great restaurant for any occasion.
We ordered the fried zucchini for an appetizer, which was good but I thought the breading as a little bland, a great side salad, and I had the mediterranean pasta for my entree.
It was such a pleasure to see her smiling face welcome us nearly every time we walked in the front doors.\n\nWhile this Hampton Inn's atmosphere and cleanliness was consistent with every other Hampton Inn I've stayed at, my 5-star rating is based solely on the excellent customer service.
Tim is fantastic with German cars, including my 2003 3-series BMW, which was out the door for 400 - broken axle, oil change, tire rotation and one other thing.
There were some great cheese spreads we tried, too.
We took my grandmother here for her 82nd birthday and had such a good time.
Dunnigan's provides an adequate bar with daily specials.
What I HAVE done is gone to karaoke there.\n\nI am not the kind of person to enjoy a \""hip\"" bar.
\n\nThere's a wide array of burgers, hoagies and sandwiches to choose from on the menu that range from good to really good.
The ingredients were fresh and flavorful; just like Italian food should be.
Love the prepared food section here!!
There's even pre-assembled eggs benedict, which I expected to be a mess but they were perfect.
Yes, hipster service isn't going to walk up to you all bubbly and smiley and be super cheesy to you.
But this stuff is like crack
My dog has been at several other kennels in Madison before I found hickory hills and he use to come home completely out of it, but here he actually seems happy.
I love when I find a great shirt or sweater for $3 or less.
So I'd stick to One World to fulfill that drunken craving if I were you...\n\n*Also, I don't know if anyone else has noticed this, but I always come out of the restaurant smelling like I've dipped myself in frying oil.
We had the cheesy potatoes, very rich, and the fried asparagus, really good.
Staff very friendly, including the owner who went the extra mile for our group once.
By the slice pizzas often sit for awhile, and though a slice is only $1.30, they're only about 30% of a slice wide, so I'd recommend going in for a whole pie.
The perfect inexpensive diner experience - even though it's a small place, we have been there several times and have never had to wait to sit (including a weekend morning).
And that beer walk-in chest is very tempting during lunch :)
My friends each had a steak.
It seemed like every time I asked, \""What is that?\"" I wouldn't even let the woman behind the counter finish her description before I would reply, \""I'll take one of those.\"" I will definitely return.
The food is delicious and well prepared, though it can be a bit pricey.\n\nI've visited Lidia's most frequently for brunch, and find the value to be top-notch.
I love the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut.
They also accepted payment over the phone and didn't expect any payment until the job was completed and passed inspection.
Clearly it's a hot spot in the neighborhood because it was packed by 7 pm on a Tuesday?!
I am from Houston, since I came here I've been searching for the perfect bowl of pho.
What a great place to stop on a beautiful Pittsburgh evening.
My aunt was visiting from Chicago and booked a room at the Inn after the Vanlandingham estate (which is a sister business to the Morehead Inn) said they were full.\n\nWhen I dropped her off, I went inside to check it out, and I'm glad I did.
Associates in Pamela's also very kind and sweet.
Admittedly, I was quite inebriated - the food was great.
(I THINK it was a Vernor's...it better had been!) \n\nMy only wish for Primanti's is that they had more vegetarian options (I know, I know...when in Rome, but my friend is a vegetarian and didn't have much to choose from on the menu).
I totally recommend the chihuahua hot dog.
\n\nOverall, we both combined have 6 pairs of shoes from this place and so far we have gotten a lot of compliments.
Security is rarely super bad, and if it is, you can hoof it down to either A or E concourses and usually get right in.
Bar is fun for friendly gathering for some sake bombs!
No person working could be found for a good three minutes while I stood there with my bill in hand.
It's a good bar with good bar food, go in with the right expectations and you'll be well satisfied.
\n\nHere's is where I met the charming Kara last week, with whom I had a great consultation.
The beer selection is great with many craft beers on tap.
Today I saw:\n\n-fabulous 1960s desks\n-old scratched and/or locked filing cabinets\n-retail display cases\n-disassembled kitchen cabinets and countertops \n-ancient (and very intriguing) appliances \n-hundreds of toilets and bathroom sinks\n-random bathroom and kitchen tiles\n-carpet remnants\n-lots and lots of random chairs\n-light fixtures varying in quality from brilliant chandeliers to barely-operational\n\nThe list just goes on and on and on.
I had a italian hoagie and it was great.
but all I can say is that my mouth started salivating as I was writing this, so you know it was good.\n\nFor dessert, we shared the chocolate cake, which was incredibly rich.
Sounds like grounds for a great DYL, am I right?!
We LOVED our stay here and would come back in a heartbeat!
\n\nIt feels very open and spacious and you get tons of natural light.
Raw fish paired with avocado and an interesting garlic sauce for a bit of salt.
She was friendly and attentive, despite the throngs of customers.
I haven't explored the coffee selection (although it seems impressive), but their bulk spice selection is fantastic.
\n\nThe store offers notary service, and they know the restrictions for notarizing which will save you time!
If you're in the area I recommend it over the Starbuckses (what is the plural of that?!) in Giant Eagle or B&N in the waterworks mall.
Truly, the kindest, most gentle vets I have ever met!
I usually need syrup to add flavor to this sweet treat, but I didn't need any here!
This was a really pleasant surprise.
There are five reasons why you might want to go to Klavon's.\n1.
Ok, the prices are just about the same, but they do have a cool selection of items not seen at the big box stores.
Service was great, including providing a local 3-mile and 5-mile running maps Breakfast was excellent.
This is one of the most accommodating places I have ever had the pleasure of dining.
\nAnother favorite of mine here is the Cashew Chicken, which has almost a sweet and sour sauce, balanced with crunchy cashews, sweet peppers and rice.
I honestly was only expecting to go on the Lazy River pool all day but with my bf, we hit up so many rides...
Stayed here with a friend while she was in the Madison area for Epic training.
The prices were good and the pizza good as well, now if they only had some inside seating.
We are very great full that we discovered her.
There is a large area dedicated for tatami room style dining.
\n\nThe airport and the bathrooms were pretty clean especially for the amount of people that were roaming about.
The service is always exceptional and the food is very good.
\n\nTheir Sicilian Pizza is not to be missed, and I consider it to be their best item, though their steaks and chicken is still A+.\n\nI highly recommend Harper's (and Harper's To Go Go).
Musashi holds a special place in my heart and I can't believe I haven't blown up their yelp page with my review!
They had an amazing selection of both mens, womens and kids flips and quite a variety of Reefs and Rainbows along with other names I can't remember.
The bacon and cheese covered dish was delicious and I'd get it again (without tomatoes).
I never had one bad night at Pegasus!
They will not seat you until everyone is there.\n\nWe were seated around a hibachi station - each station has seating for 8, so we had two strangers at the end of our station (no big, they were nice).
I wish we had more places like this in town.
Instead of just getting an entree which I would normally do, today I splurged and ordered a side of Spring Rolls and also a Thai Iced Tea - which is jasmine tea with cream and sugar served over ice (so good, it tasted like dessert!).
\n\nGlasses of beer that won't stop urging you to take a gander at their naked bottoms.
Can't remember the name but it was really good.
Corn bread, beans, ribs, brisket, pulled pork, etc; all the delectable food you'd expect from a place like this.
Definitely a Chinese gem in the South Hills!
I'd read good things about it in the \""Post-Gazette\"" and the \""Tribune-Review\"".\n\nThe Rachel sandwich sounded mighty tempting, but since I was in the mood to sample, I tried the soup and 1/2 sandwich combo.
tldr; Easily 5 stars for someone who has never been to an Eye Care in the United States.\n\nIt started out last Friday July 18, 2014 when I called the Illini Eye Care.
The nacho appetizer was great; the beef strips appetizer was not quite up to par for the price.
This place is very beautifully decorated.
\n\nPortions were small, but I like that because then you can order more things to taste!
Umi however is a true dining experience for the true sushi lover.
French Fries were offered with this sandwich though I substituted the delicious \""Home Fries\"" cooked with bits of Bacon...5 yelp stars Yum!
Coupon, save, and pinch your pennies, because the 1% style of shopping will cost you a few more bucks than your average shopping experience.\n\nLet me tell you though, I'll be going back.
Staff is always friendly and service is nothing to complain about.
Chocolate mousse, chocolate salty pretzel rounds stacked on top of each other with caramel drizzled over the entire thing.
The jalapeno steak wrap is so good I have a hard time straying from that.
The salad was super fresh, and they didn't skimp on any of the \""good veggies\"".
Prices are very, very great - fairly inexpensive!
To start we ordered the cod fritters, the grilled octopus and a special salad of the night, farm grown tomatoes with Roquefort cheese.
The food is great, the place is clean and the games don't feel greasy or nasty from all the food.
She helped me pick out my frames and helped me save 100$ on my frames at the register.
I didn't particularly care for the food, but I loved the length of the vegan menu and I can't wait to come back and try the rest of it, even if it is just to be disappointed.\n\nWe waited for about a half hour and were seated likely as the last Friday rush made its way out.
It was very delicious but the only thing keeping me from 5 stars was that I understand that It was small and the pizza wasn't as filled as I would like it to be for the price.
The manager Tony is THE BEST!
What's not to like about creativity?
\n\nMy husband had the spicy duck and it had good flavor, although more of a 5 than 7 on a 1-10 spicy scale.
If you like this pizza try Osso's in Washington PA.
For me, the best cheesecake in town.
I've always had very nice servers.
Personally, I prefer the Sunday brunch more because its a buffet that I can pick what I want.
We want a place that tried and true, where our butts fit comfortably in the booth, and the food rests comfortably on our stomachs.\n\nTrio is where we go on those occasions.
If you enjoy German food, then this is the absolute BEST place in the area.
Rate was much better than local Westin or other Hilton.
Staff is always friendly and helpful.
I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.
I hear the fish fry's are good.
THe food isn't bad, there are some decent stores, and cool rocking chairs.
My teen ordered avocado chicken sandwich - it's BIG and avocado, were ripe and fresh!
There is something so nice about listening to your favorite play list while working away on your laptop.
Great place to hang out with friends or to go on a date.\n\nI recommend the sundaes at this place.
I would highly recommended a visit to Fitzgerald's any Sunday morning.
If you like free peanuts and popcorn..don't pass this place up.
Nice balanced flavors, hot, creamy, delicious!
A lot of times when you get dishes like this the seafood is not fresh and there's not very much of it.
The chicken, pork ravioli was interesting.
My room reservation and keys were ready to go when I got there.
When I want to purchase local meats, cheeses and other specialty products, I visit Metcalfe's first.\n\nTheir deli, salad bar, soups and other pre-made items are delicious.
Granted, the place only offers sandwiches (and salads too I guess) at noon, but they are absolutely, positively, worth the trip.
The place is not fancy, but their service is outstanding.
She laughed at me, and changed it to $6.65, so I could go on about my day.
Highlights/lowlights\n\n1) friendly staff\n2) fun thing to do on a nice summer night\n3) gluten free food options available\n\nI think it's really important to head in to your first (or any) mallards game with the right mind set.
With that being said I'm going from the gate and I do not have the full TSA, parking or any of the extras worries.\n\nThe airport is very clean compared to the others I've been to, the food vendors are decent but lack on healthy eating spots (I try to eat well since I'm about to sit on a plane) and most importantly, the gates are labelled well if I'm in a rush.
I went here after reading all the great reviews here on yelp.
\n\nFour stars for the beauty; definitely not for the seats.
The real compliment was the nice tip I left !\n\nI'm not sure if they have a lunch menu But I did notice the dessert menu.None of us had room for dessert.\n\nThe place is big and looked as if it had a private dining spot.\n\nListen, I am not a steak house aficionado.But based on this visit, I like Longhorn chain better then O.B and L.S.
Literally everything at Bojangles is delicious.
In VA I worked at a wine and beer bar, where we served and I tasted some of the best beers in the world.
Just, you know, not when I want to be there, it's nice to have some room to stretch out ;).
Not only did i find a mechanic i made a friend!
When I walked in I saw the sign for the upstairs eatery and it piqued my interest.
The gyoza were perfect - served with a chile oil and soy sauce.
Don't be fooled, Oyster House IS the best fried fish in town.
In the West Coast, it's glazed with coconut and its supposed to be sweet, but in this restaurant, its salty and does not have any coconut flavor, so I don't order it anymore.
From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh.
Good food, great beer selection, and outstanding service (even on a busy night.) We only went for a snack and a few beers, but I'll be going back and augmenting this review as needed!
Despite the busyness, the wait staff was very attentive.\n\nMy wife's steak came out rare despite asking for medium but they took it back and recooked it to a perfect medium level.
The milk oolong tea is a little more pricey, but tastes almost like buttery popcorn!
Yes, Pho Minh is a bit divey, and I relish this quality.
:)\n\nOverall, this is very yummy Thai food.
I always enjoy having a grub here and I will definitely go back many times.
There have only been two superb fusion restaurants that I have been to in the world.
This is a gorgeous theater its hard to capture it with pictures because of lighting glares.
It doesn't help that the place tends to be pretty empty, at least from what I've observed - a lack of visible patrons definitely can keep people away.
The emphasis on customer self-reliance here could be construed as bad or lazy service, but I appreciate the lax environment.
Nice decoration in guest room, feel like home.
My taste buds are very happy to have found good Indian take-out within the city limits.
But it just seemed like I didn't have a reason since this is such a \""special occassion\"" type of place.
Walter called me back within 1/2 hour, told me to get the car in ASAP to make sure it was safe to drive, 'and then if you have to go somewhere and wait, you have to go somewhere and wait.\"" I delivered my car 1/2 hour after that, went somewhere and waited, and had it back, fixed, within another hour, for less than 200 bucks.
One of my favorite nail salons in town, and newly remodeled.
Meat & breads are always very fresh, meat sliced when ordered.
I will eat there again I'm sure.
Hubby and I like to hang out in Charlotte on the weekends, and this is definately a great hotel.
The chicken wasn't too \""eggy\"" and the coating was almost light which is hard to accomplish with this dish.
Pretty reasonable prices too if you want beers/pitchers also (which you will).
\n\nWhile sadly I didn't get a golden ticket that didn't stop me from breaking into a ear to ear grin while simultaneously humming songs from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when I walked into Mon Aimee.\n\nIf you consider yourself a chocofiend you must go and gaze upon the rows of artisan and savory chocolates on sale.
\n\nThe house salads were exceptionally fresh and full of good veggies and cheese.
We are so very glad we did.
We loved the little kid area where we could put our baby down so she could explore too!
But I have no guilt for eating a whole sandwich by myself.
The beer garden wasn't open this time of year, but still had a great visit and tried some pretty solid brews.
It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking.
Even in the city of Chicago you will not find a chicken strip as good as here.
Drinks are reasonable priced and if you request certain types of liquor they will provide them for you.
Dry bleu cheese.\n\nSteak salad, spinach salad with steak are also good.
If you want a nice place to have a drink and a conversation, Casbah is it.
Even their low carb whole grain bread is fantastic, and it doesn't taste like the light bread you buy in the store.\n\nBest of all, they don't use any preservatives in their bread.
The staff seemed genuinely friendly and attentive.
there are times when I beg my husband to take me to applebee's because I want their stake; I eat stakes everywhere, even the Japanese Steak Houses where they only make steaks weren't like Applebee's :)\n\nthe only No at this place was, I oredered pine apple juice and it was so old that it smelled and tasted and kind of even looked like Mold;\n\nbut other than that I love theirr Stakes :)
For those not in the know, Fred Rogers was from Pittsburgh, so of course there will be a great display of his world somewhere in the city.
Reasonably priced and a nice atmosphere!
I am so pleased with my first experience at Ritters Dinner that I will definitely be back to try other items on their menu!
You really can't go wrong with Casbah.
Best home style southern cooking I've had in a long time!
wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie.
Corned beef hash, please marry me.
Luckily, I got saddled with leftovers.
\n\nOverall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!
But, if you're looking for decent (3 star) food, great value and service you could do a lot worse.
The Cornbread came out first, and it was mildly sweet, and tasty.
We shared a dessert Crepes dish called Crepes Suzette made with oranges, orange liquor, and homemade whipped cream (oh my goodness...there's something about places that whip their own cream...).
I stopped in around 8pm, and even though it seemed like the neighborhood was deserted, Klavon's was packed!
It is a huge store and is really well-organized so you can find what you are looking for pretty quickly.
\n\nCajun Queen is in an interesting location I haven't explored this part of Charlotte much....
\n\nThe clubhouse is very nice - good food and a great patio to sit on after a round and enjoy a cold one.
\nAnd its fun to go for half price margs on Tuesdays and Thursday, which usually coincides with karaoke or the fueling pianos.
I am reminiscing about my favorite haunts in the burgh.
No frills, down-to-earth place where you can kick it back with a beer (or in my case a cider) and enjoy company with friends.
I didn't try it, so I can't say what kind of selection they have for songs.\n\nThe BBQ is a great deal and though not the best I've ever had.
The staff is always friendly, and even at their busiest you're going to get your order quickly.\n\nMy go to order has generally been the large chicken, however you can't go wrong with the classic.
Everyone was happy, no complaints of any kind.
I also love to sneak raspberry cheesecake when I am done ;)
There's something about the simplicity of this place, and the friendliness of the staff, that keeps bringing me back here.
\n\nThe meal was excellent the server was excellent also!
We noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name.
Now, I was livin' large!\nAll kidding aside, the staff was friendly, professional, and attentive.
It seems like they are trying hard and I intend to be back.
\n\n(I feel I need to say that my five stars is versus other fast food restaurants, but for the money it definitely still holds its own.
The pastor is straight to the point and is very honest about his own struggles in life.
I actually thought the bacon, egg & cheese sandwich I had was better than some big time BE&C sandwiches at well know eateries.
\n\nI would definitely recommend Blue for a nice dinner or as a cool place to stop in for bevvies and appetizers.
\n\nAlso this doesn't really bother me i still ate my food but the guy cooking the food didn't wear gloves and did touch the food with his bare hands often.
The steaks are also very good.
My favorites are the steak salad with their awesome homemade ranch dressing, chili, gourmet chicken sandwich, and tier homefries and potato salad are the best sides they offer!
The mixed drinks are strong, but a little pricey.
It comes with a beautiful char, perfectly cooked to perfection, with nary a blemish to be found.
Prices are better than Strawberry Fields, sometimes by an order of magnitude, the selection is usually wider and they are less likely to be sold out of the stuff I want.
The atmosphere is classy, without being pretentious.
Decor is something to be desired but the view and food more than makes up for it.
It's a nice airport, decent places to eat/snack, etc.
A great mix of locals, students and employees from Children's Hospital.
\n\nAgain a pretty good wine list and their bar area had lots of TVs so you could watch the game and have a beer or wine.
The salad was very good and the dressing not too overwhelming.
Good thing I had the soup & calamari..
Once you walk inside it is like walking into someone's garage that you just want to rummage through.
A rare find with a dedicated customer base.
There is something to be said about friendly service and this place has it!
Prices are reasonable and the selection is outstanding.
They haven't ever pressured us to buy anything and believe me I have been known to \""window shop\"" the jewelry cases planning my next big purchase.
My room was on the top floor at the Highland Club.
The upstairs has a cool balcony to hang out on in the summer.
All the staff is very friendly and atmosphere is welcoming.
The staff were all very chatty and engaging everyone in conversation.
Had to get managers approval to come in, just a weird and inconsistent situation (as I had been in multiple times before without being 21, and in some situations without even showing ID).
I love the buccos, win or lose.
The staff was a lot of fun to chat with and answered any questions we had.
It's a favorite of our children.
It's everything you want cornbread to be: warm, caky, sweet, and last but not least de-freakin-licous!
The prices are competitive and the muffin was fresh.
Both were really good, the filet especially.
The picture of the founder is adorable and hilarious.
get out.)\nNothing beats a brew in one of Madison's best beer gardens.
Jim Ludwig's did the flowers for my wedding, and we were extremely pleased with the whole process.
It was just so, so yummy.\n\nSalad course: Great salad!\n\nPasta course: So, I was slightly disappointed that they did not give us a choice.
This is one of the greatest restaurants I have ever been to and I wish to god I had the kind of wit and vocabulary to accurately reflect the really really REALLY good meal I had here.
Despite these things, I will definitely be coming back!
We are so lucky to have them in our area and as our city shelter.
I really love the outside yard in the back where there are several tables and a play area for kids.
Their fried chicken is great as are their side dishes including mac and cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy.
Armed with an arsenal of goods to take back to Ohio, we returned home, satisfied and entirely in the Christmas spirit.
So, my better and half and I frequent this place quite a bit!
It was very cool to watch her use her talent to shape each individual's cut to their preferred style and preference, which is what we all hope for in the chair but don't always get.
I must say this was a very delicious way to start the meal!
It also felt like a family environment and the office building is adorable.
They have weird hours, weird cooks, weird customers, and great food.
Wing Night is Monday & Wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!\n\nThe dining area is nice.
The takeout gyro was great, with buttery pita and a potato-garlic spread that goes with frankly everything.
I brought the suit here (thanks for many positive reviews from Yelp) to have it fit me better.
This was just more on the bland side than I expected, No one distinct flavor dominated so I felt like it was left with an almost indescribable flavor.
Great for a quick eat in or massive take out.
I WANT to go to Lot 17.
The wooden beams are Covered with fliers of Spaten German beer which gives a feeling of Germany party feeling.\n\nSo let's get to the food.
However, I can't remember anyone ever asking me if I needed any help while I was shopping-I did not need any help so that didn't bother me but perhaps if you are the type that needs a lot of assistance, this isn't the place for you.
Too bad.\n\nIn any case, I will most definitely be coming back.
I loved the lifesize stores and rooms you can walk through to really get a feel of what it was like to live in NC from the Civil War to the present.
The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.
The shrimp was cooked well and was also good.
\n\nThe last time I went, they had a special where two people could have filets and split a lobster.
On the way there, he advised me on how to get reimbursed for my cab ride by the car rental company and a good place in town to purchase tires for my car without breaking my budget.
*\n\nIn more than three years only two garments have come back less than perfect and Rosa offered to fix them free of charge both times.
They sometimes hand out samples of their milkshakes while you wait in line which is a nice gesture while you wait.
I will eat it 3 hours later and cold, and it's still delicious.\n\nThey call out your name when your order is ready, my friends and I would give them funny names like Shaft and one time I was Captain, and my friend was Tennille, but they called Tennille first, that blew.
I was very happy that Pittsburgh has a decent hand car wash place and good detailing.
it's a great place to meet up with old friends, order greasy food, drink craft beer, and catch up in a relaxed setting.
Our pizza was $9.95 and can easily serve 2 people for dinner.
The superburger for my son, Grecian Chicken for the husband, and they have the best veggie wrap for me.
The experience was lovely and I ended up buying the dress.
It just feels like something you shouldn't eat more than once a year, unless you wanna join Elizabeth.
\n\nThe wedding cake arrived on time and in perfect condition!
My personal favorites are the sesame chicken and the cold sesame noodles.
I'd recommend stopping by here to see which groceries are being discounted; those tend to be a good bargain.
The Gnudi had a great truffle butter and tarragon flavored sauce.
I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews.
Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!
AND she mentioned that \""all of my cool friends have read that book\"" which, by default, makes me a cool kid?
4 stars because they could use some more staff on hand otherwise I'd give them a 5!
I love the confirmation email you get when making the reservation.
The food is good and plentiful and the beer selection is impressive.
The theater is small and feels really comfortable.\n\nParking is bountiful and free!
\n\nAmazing date place if you really want to impress.
They are pretty strong and taste delicious.
I asked for no walnuts and a nice surprise as well was the fact that there were craisins in the wrap too.
They offer a free breakfast in the morning which is always great as well.\n\nThe next time I am in the Pittsburgh area I will be returning.
Even Erk's huge paws get dwarfed by such a stein.\n\nI figured eating here would be spatzle only - fine, I'll have more bier - but no, there's actually a sweetly-done entree to be had - veggies wrapped in puff pastry, sliced, sauced with red pepper puree that had a creamy, somehow sharp bite.
They also have a delicious little gelato place.
this poundcake had none of that nonsense.
The second visit I went with a lunch item and ordered chicken fried steak, also great and the portions were easily enough for two people.
Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was.
Fish tanks are clean, clear, and plentiful.
And I save it for the final sayonara spoonfuls.
The Italian food tastes homemade and authentic.\n\nThis is a great place for a date but not for a family.
\n\nOver all, Visulite is very cool venue, with a chill crowd and atmosphere that make this more than a worthy venue for any live show or concert.
Prantl's always has a place in my heart.
It is rare for me to feel so confident in a stylist.
We are huge microbrewery fans and love to support local breweries....so we usually stick to the NC ones (Lonerider, Natty Greens, NODA, etc, etc, etc).
So, despite the fabulous scallops, so not worth the price.\n\nThe rest of the group loved their entrees, varying from huge and flavorful sushi rolls (I sampled a few and they were delicious; I wish I would have ordered sushi instead), to buttery, saucy whitefish dinners.
The custard at Michael's is pretty much perfect and the root beer is SO good.
On one occasion, our coach even had us swim in the warm & cloudy 25 yard pool bc this pool was so cold.\n\nThe facility is older, but if you are a swimmer this is a great place and will definitely meet your needs.
I was amazed on my first visit to Upstream.
You might not be able to do a full grocery shop but you can certainly buy up a cartloads worth of stuff and in the process save some money on the bulk.
When I was younger, my friend and I went to this CVS and started interviewing strangers on camera.
Finding a decent, honest auto mechanic is always a battle.
\n\nIs this the BEST Italian food in the area?
They also have a frequent buyers club so you can get a free lb of coffee after making x number of purchases.
\nCasual, but trendy, restaurant that was the perfect little date night.
The draft beer selection is good.
While it doesn't have all the amenities, they give a great haircut.
Their tamales are fluffy, the fajitas are well seasoned and their mole is complex like a good mole should be.
When I explained my situation, they agreed and fit me in.
I think this is the best Chinese in Charlotte.
Both me and my wife thought it had a great summer feel in the 50s.
China Inn seems to have improved since I last reviewed.
I was confused when she was there with mints and hairspray askin: \""Hey Darlin, how is your trip going?\"" - UMMMM AND YOU ARE A Sweetheart?
Having mouthwash and other items is a really great idea.
The hours are quite limited, but I like the French neighborhood cafe vibe.
There is ample parking out back, and the service people out taking care of the gardens and rooms were friendly and courteous.\n\nWhen we checked out, they were renovating the main office, so it's nice to see that they are constantly striving to update and improve.
Tender and mellow enough to spread on warm sliced bread: perfect start to a meal.
This is one of those places you can go at lunch time and run into everyone from your local car detailer to power-brokers like the former CEO of NationsBank (now Bank of America).
Salad greens with that light vinegar and oil dressing was superb.\n\nWiener-schnitzel was just OK to me...but it was really pork and was not tough.\n\nGreat atmosphere and food, hands down.
We ate governors chicken, governors beef, sweet and sour chicken, peppered beef and beef chow fun.
As soon as I walked in, I felt like I went back in time.
If you're looking for straight-forward good Thai food then Thai Cuisine is the place to go.
Liked fruit cup that was offered, good variety.
What's cool is once the show begins you can move up to seats that aren't occupied.
Great for adults just doing their thing.
And the salad became delicious.\n\nMy entree was the Ravioli di Cinghale (ravioli filled with wild boar, in a rosemary sauce) and it was pretty delicious.
We are new to the area but really enjoyed our first season w/Strikers.
Here's the deal:\n- It was Friday\n- It was Hot\n- The beer was Cold\n- The fish fry was exactly what you would expect in a place like this: great walleye!\n\n'Nough said...
If you want a sloppy concession stand type sandwich this isn't the place for you.
Order whatever you like...it all looks great!
The sauce was a little too thick for my taste, but very good.
Bossa Nova's step-sister bar, but not the evil jealous step sister more like the older a little more mature caring step-sister.
I wish they would bring the tumbled rocks out into the sunlight and stock up with some fresh stones.
The shrimp are crispy and the fish sandwich is one of the best I've ever had, with the crinkle cut fries or onion rings and you have a delicious meal!
Parking is also quite expensive unless you have elite status here, but then that's pretty much anywhere in uptown.\n\nExpect larger crowds for the bigger conventions in town as this hotel is literally across the street from the convention center.
\nNo prob I thought, let's see what's behind curtain #2: not only the drab-blue garage, but an enormous flag pole with Old Glory wafting in the wind.
Best General Tso's chicken I have ever had, and I'm Chinese.
The store is very clean, bright, well laid out, and bears a friendly staff that is eager to help.
We really appreciated the staff being trained properly.
The staff is always kind and attentive, and I'm in love with their tomato caprese bagel sandwich.
Never tried other entrees but their fries are nice and crispy.
And when my uppity friend Myra bellowed that she didn't like our fortunes, they gave us brand new fortune cookies.
Didn't mind being stuck in this nice airport for an hour or so.
I've seen Fat Tire, arguably the most popular craft beer next to Sam Adams, close to expiration.
I haven't brought one, but I sampled one and it tasted good.
\n\nRegardless, the Old Fashioned was solid - very good, actually.
Service is friendly but it can sometimes be on the slow side when the line is long.
Beautiful decor with a nice bar and jazz band playing.
The drinks are great and the staff is really friendly.
Yes, I view this as a LIFE investment!
Don't always have much luck with the sales, but I always find something I like here.
After moving from Chicago to Madison, I thought that I would be safely tucking my Lebanese palate into the furthest recesses of my tongue, saving it only for the occasional trips back to Kedzie Avenue.
Combinacion!\nThis place is the shit for real.\nWhere's the Patron at???\n\n(b)
We loved the staff, the convenient location, and would highly recommend this hotel to friends and family!
Great price of $7.95, but when you sit down it also comes with iced tea and a bowl of soup.
I figured hey, it being a nice day why not get a dog with all the goodies on it and dine al fresco?
My husband liked his soup as well, though good won-ton soup is much easier to find.
This is a very cute one; bf and I stayed here on our visit to Madison.
We passed back around to the rose garden and detoured around the flooded pathways, so I'm not entirely sure which gardens we passed through.\n\nAfter getting soaked (I'm glad I had my waterproof kayaking shoes in the car) we walked through the indoor garden, which was free because I had my membership card for the CBG, otherwise it would have been $2.
Robin the waitress is a joy to have while visiting!
Oh Olive Garden...you really impressed me with your new menu options and I'm very happy to write this review!\n\nIt had been a while since I've visited and OG, mainly because I was tired of always ordering the same thing.
I LOVE both locations of Home Economist(I refuse to accept the new name).
It's not as funky as the Oakland area Pamela's, but the food is just as good.
Green blazer came back and told us it'd be a bit of wait and recommended we hit the upstairs bar.
It is now fully handicapped accessible, with a bright clean new dining room and multiple bathroom stalls.
I shop at Common Ground because their organic produce is really great when it's on sale.
Oh, and awesome beer selection that is always changing.
While I don't usually order those types of beverages, it seemed appropriate at a cajun restaurant and I was pleased.\n\nFood: I don't know about everyone else, but I was blown away by my Shrimp Julienne (?) - it was light, but plenty of food and DELICIOUS.
\n\nBut besides that, Waldenhorn's food is authentic German, set in a comfortable, homey setting with friendly servers.
Definitely killed the craving, and put a happy spring in my step for the rest of my errand walk around the Atwood area.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly, as there were more than enough employees waiting around for the afternoon and evening dinner rush to begin.
I also prefer subbing in onion rings or fried mushrooms for fries.\nThe location is a little small, so it can get packed during the lunch hour, but even so there is usually a table open, or you can easily get your meal to go.\n\nIf you find yourself on campus and don't check this place out, you're doing yourself an enormous disservice.
Lots of different pizzas to choose from on the bar as well as some pastas as well.
I chose a Chablis (yes the REAL Chablis from French Burgundy) and it paired wonderfully with the Halibut.\n\nI didn't have time to try an app or desert.
Great food, great service, wonderful atmosphere!
As an out-of-towner, it made it one of the easiest parts of my trip.
There's a large deli menu and very fresh tasty coffee, in addition to your standard one-of-everything-else lining the shelves.
I have been here twice already and these people just don't stop.
i really like this place and if i were in squirrel hill more often, i'd definitely visit more.
When I cut into it bleed and that grosses me out but here the skillet is still cooking the steak and therefore it was soon medium and perfect!!
The food was good, and was ready in a reasonable amount of time (maybe due to the fact that we came there after peak hour).
It can get really cramped if there is a line in there and pushed against some of the valuables.
The guest service was awesome as usual.
The hash browns were a nice change than fries and the coleslaw actually tasted great and wasn't just a \""throw away\"" side.
The stylist took my concerns about my hair (lightening without damaging) seriously and worked within serious constraints very well.\n\nMy only cons:\nSome of the rooms can be a little cold.
Honest, friendly, clean and efficient service.
It is it a bit snobbish sure, but not nearly as much as many of the other coffee shops in Pittsburgh.
Inside the ambiance is very lets say, German feeling (not that I've been to Germany...
Once you try this perfect thin crust wonder, you will be hooked.
I came here for brunch on a Sunday with my bf, and we had a pretty good meal.
Compared to other airports I like CLT!
We ate here several times and everything was very good.
The service was good, but a bit on the slower side.
That did not matter as it was delicious.
The menu says it's the \""best fried fish filet sandwich\"" and he swears by it.
Cool people -- members keep to themselves dont try to interfere with your workout with chit chat I LOVE THIS !!
It was okay, but didn't stand up to the rest of the meal.\n\nOh wait - I remember that I had scallops and they were the cat's meow!\n\nGreat ambiance; beautiful digs in a part of town that's apparently been fixed up since we lived there and well trained staff.\n\nOh this pic:\n to be in the Men's Room; it's a picture of the restaurant from when I last went to it (right next to the First Union building where I worked).
Best wings I've had in the 'burgh.
We love the Priory!\n\nI don't remember how we found this place, but I feel so lucky we did.
It's the perfect place to unwind after work, hang out with friends, and get some great beer.
I wish I could give them ten stars!
I'd definitely come back here again.
I went in to repair a bracelet I purchased over a year ago and I found myself lusting over case after case of jewelry.\n\nJared's offers great customer service.
The cake was very moist and smooth only 1 word could describe it- delicious!
\n\nSo while the admission fee is $15.00, it does include both the Natural History Museum and the Museum of Art.
Food came quickly and service was good (even though the young waitress oddly addressed me as \""honey\"" every time).
I've been going there for years, and am rarely disappointed.
Today, among the regular fare, (like their marinated/seasoned olives) there were mussels, a broccoli salad and caramelized onions atop crunchy bread.
I find antique kitchenwares here that are older than my grandma, worth $85 if the antique mall is to be believed, and priced at $2.50.
If you're with a group and want to chat, head to the back for some space and a few less decibels.
I was initially pleased by the private parking lot as parking can be an issue in that area.
The hot and sour soup looked different than any other I have eaten, but it was still good and plenty hot.
Now go off and have some fun!
\n\nThe place also has really good jasmine and chrysanthemum tea, which is refreshing on a chilly day :)\n\nThe only thing I wish they did here was use the carts, but it is a small place and they serve other items then Dim Sum so I understand...
I swear we eat it at least once a week.\nWe also love their Bulk Section where we can get bulk quinoa, granola, lentils, and all kinds of things for a really decent price.
Other than that it is well worth it whenever you have the hankering for some Asian cuisine and a Netflix type of night.
I might be off on the number.
No problem found it here complete with its own glass buttons.
I always have a good time when I go here.
There's usually a line in this place but it goes by quickly and I have no problem dealing with that for a nice, hot fresh cup of joe.
Portions are not quite big enough to split unless you load up on soups and the fabulous pretzel bread.
A lot better than some of the other places higher up on the list.
Excellent taste and portions absolutely nothing to complain about even the price was reasonable.
Back in the day we just waited until the bus came, but now they have those digital boards that tell you how long it will be unti the next bus comes - awesome!
Great breakfast and great grilled cheese!!
This was an excellent choice.\nYou're offered complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.
\n\nThe reason I'm a fan of this location is that it seems to carry a huge variety of sizes and lengths!
The chicken tikka masala is nice and creamy with good flavor.
\n\nFor dessert, we ordered \""The wrongest dessert ever\"" (Please see picture to see why it was given this name.) The dessert was on their November throwback menu and consisted of a fried twinkie, two scoops of vanilla ice cream with a raspberry sauce (maybe chocolate sauce as well)..
I have driven past this place a hundred times and always got the impression this place was probably dingy inside.
The first thing at the first entrance is Starbucks in a building designed to look like an old southern home.
Also they have a great variety of pastas and sandwiches.
The marinara that came with the meatball was the best I have ever had.\n\nDon't go here if you are in a rush, because the entire dining experience will take several hours.
\nSince I am now creating a latte in PGH list, it is somewhat unfair to not come giving them a chance at all.\nI am actually not disappointed by the cap I got here, nutty and mild.
but this place is good, its cheap, and you get a crazy lot amount.
His favorite is the Kung Pao Shrimp.
What an awesome little find!\n\nAfter reading some of the reviews, I wanted to try a little bit of everything.
For over ten years, Bob at Meineke has been keeping the cars in our family in tip - top shape.
If you want a good comparison, go to Kabuto's and then Nakato's and you'll see a huge difference.
The entrance fee is kinda steep, but it depends what you like.
You can take a walk around uptown after dinner to work off the wonderful dinner.
food is good, I got some seafood gumbo to go and I won't do that again.
\n\nOur waitress gave great recommendations and was totally enthusiastic about the menu.
Behind the coffee, in a glass-walled room, is the roaster, this enormous machine that lets them roast the beans fresh, all the time, in the store.\n\nBehind the counter is an older guy named John Prestogeorge.
The biscuits which I love the most is the best!
Decent bakery in the heart of Mt.
It's a local treasure that may be overlooked in the city of Charlotte.
At this time, I have officially had every meal of the day at Casbah (it's great!).
It is true that they were better before the change in ownership but they are still pretty decent.
It isn't bend over backwards service, but they are real people and sometimes that's better.
\n\nThank you for your niceness and your prompt response.
It was a nice stop over point on our recent trip to San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Very good quality for an airport diner.
I've never been treated better in a restaurant, especially when eating a meal at such a considerable discount.\n\nIn case you can't tell from the above, we really had a fantastic evening.
That, and a few good places to grab a cocktail pre-boarding.
Friendly staff and restaurant seemed well kept up inside (a bit cluttered but I think they do mostly take out and delivery so ambiance is not what you are looking for).
\n\nIt's not the most inexpensive pizza joint downtown (I think my slice ended up being $4-$4.50) but if you're a recovering Noo Yawker like me looking to fulfill some culinary nostalgia, this is your place.
Also, their wine bottles for $29 are a great deal.
They are very friendly, good with kids, and reasonably priced.
My friend got really nice brown boots here that look really classy for only $89.
\n\nI came to rock bottom, looking for a great beer.
The have rental gear to make sure you have everything you need.
Nevertheless, I had a great experience and would happily encourage any of the Art museum visitors to head over and take the tour.
The whole meal with a couple of martinis was only $45 after the entertainment card discount not including tip.
Though in the midst of a lot of retail, the surrounding area is very picturesque with pretty green grass, flowers, and a fountain.
I couldn't even begin to count the number of times that I have been to this place.
Has gone through a couple of face lifts with the most recent being the best.
The Mozzarella is creamy and floats on top of the sauce in a gooey little pockets.
We stopped at the bar for a nightcap after dinner and the bartender said they are redesigning the menu and trying hard to make this more of a dinner spot than just happy hour.
\nI also had my all-time favorite salad, the Arugula.
The restaurant itself is very clean.
Nice albeit modest selection of beers on tap (disclaimer: we moved from Milwaukee where anything less than a novel in a beer menu is modest) and just an all around pleasant experience.
Breakfast was the best I think, I had eggs, bacon, sausage and grits.
Your party is seated at the table and the waitress and assistant take your drink and food orders (I always get the steak and shrimp combination), and soon afterwards you have a salad and soup in front of you.
The food was delicious and pretty authentic.
\n\nNow I know a lot of you will say, why not just go for the sweet then, but I've gotta have my savory before I have my sweet.
Being a Florida girl and all, the thought of a surf shop in Charlotte made me smile.
The staff has been there as long.\n\nThey have some of the best fresh-brewed iced tea in the city.
After moving from SF to Denver about 1.5 years ago, I've missed good Thai food.
The pastry was light and perfectly crisped.
As others have mentioned, the lounge is very modern and chic, lots of marble and a really cool Zen fountain running the length of the bar seating area.
The special is $8 and is plenty of food.
Best bar on Walnut.\nGo here anytime of day,\nThey will have your fix.\n\n(b)
When I picked it up everything was just fine.
\n\nThe ultimate quest for the \""best pizza\"" is a tricky thing.
They definitely had something for everyone!
I went there this past Saturday night in a party of seven that included two kids (12 and 14).
It was delicious and the marinara makes the dish.\n\nDessert was a shared fresh berries and creme anglais.
The happy hour bar bites, however, are still offered.
The PMC is the best has a little bit of everything.
Fun, unique atmosphere (hippie / indy / hipster / whatever these kids are calling it these days).
My absolute favorite is the Katsu-jyu, which is fried breaded pork cutlet with egg and onions, served over a bed of rice.
At Ruth's Chris, almost all sides are family sized so you can share.
The have delicious sauerkraut that i enjoy as well so i usually get a side for only 99 cents.
\n\nCan I admit, I wish I hadn't offered my husband half of mine, so I could have eaten the whole thing?
The gnocchi were great, and the linguine with basil pasta and shrimp was good but not on par with the other two pastas.
During the summer grab a seat on either the front patio for people watching, or the back patio for a nice quiet and private drink.
Years ago I discovered this quaint grocer and their awesome lunch counter.
Luckily, hot dogs (and other similar items) are usually quick to eat, so people don't stay seated for very long.
Hell yes, free shuttle to and from the Pittsburgh Steelers game(downtown Pittsburgh Hilton, about 1 mile away).
He'll fix your car well, and quickly, but he does get easily distracted sometimes.
I don't even like root beer that much but I would drink this stuff every day if I could.\n\nI'm sure I'd love the K-9 custard, too.
However, at The Original Pancake House they put tons of chocolate chips both inside the pancakes and on top of the whipped cream that's on the pancakes.
Just as there is a place for women reading trashy romance novels.
That doesn't express the depths of my enthusiasm for Klavon's.
Little things like that keep me coming back.
The six year old in our party (who doesn't like spicy food) loved the fried dumpling which was recommended by our server and one of the house specialties - three flavored chicken.
I have enjoyed my stay very much.
Still, I greatly appreciated the service and explanations that I got from the employees working there.
It is one of the best salads downtown!
the best dirty martini brine you can find, for practically free.\n\nThey also have a relatively extensive cheese selection, albeit nothing as compared to Penn Mac.
The menu is fairly small and changes seasonally to assure fresh and delicious ingredients.
\n\nOk and not trying to be creepy or anything but their servers are absolutely amazing.
These pieces are largely leased so as to ensure they stay up to date and in good repair.
The shrimp burritos are the best I've ever had.
Not overly spicy or garlicky and cooked perfectly crisp.
\n\nThe middle area has another bar, and some seating areas, but not much, and the back area has the famous mechanical bull, great for people watching.
The place has a good dive feel, dark but not terribly seedy.
Pita Land, olive you.\n\nI don't know why I don't come here everyday.\n\nIt's a great little market, where you can get delicious Mediterranean/Lebanese/Middle Eastern groceries.
Dealing with Mike's was about as easy as it gets.
\n\nThey've never pressured me to make repairs when I take my car in for an oil change or other minor services.
This place is close to home and had good reviews, so I decided to try them.\n\nI spoke for quite a while to the gentleman working.
I am not lying when I say that I have NEVER had a dish I didn't like here.
Chipotle maybe?) and some kind of other sauce that was like a chunky salsa/sweet-n-sour thing.
Besides the quesadilla my other two favorites are two vegetarian sandwiches Fallafel and Jeniffer, I'm not vegetarian but they are delicious.
Their sweet and sour calamari is my favorite; the raw tuna tacos were very good, but it's a small portion if you're sharing - only 3 little ones; the Queen City roll was good but has too much rice for me.
If that doesn't get you here, nothing will.\n\nThe produce is a mix of local and not, but it's a good mix.
The burger was fine, but not spectacular.
The food isn't exemplary, but considering the restaurant's very reasonable prices, it feels like a deal.\n\nI stop by a couple times a week, would definitely recommend it.
\n\nIt gets insanely busy at lunch, and there's not much space inside to move around and wait for your order, but it's a small price to pay for deli food that's this good.
Lived in a number of neighborhoods in Pittsburgh and finding that locations best pizza is always a challenge.
This is a great place to get drunk and eat a cheeseburger.
Isn't that a bloody good time?
The restaurant had neat character,it was a bit loud but it is small, so that's expected.
I also love their premade hamburgers.
When I lived in Pittsburgh, I was always trying to find the best Thai restaurant.
Some of my favorite Pittsburgh moments happened here and that's saying a LOT.
It's also the best burger in the USA.
\n\nLuce is not inexpensive but is well worth every cent.
I like that when we come in to drop the kids off at the nursery, they greet us by our first names.
The place was very empty and we decided to sit outside since it was nice out!
I haven't eaten here in a while, since they opened some nice Chinese restaurants near me in Dilworth.
This restaurant was highly recommended in almost everything we read including best restaurant in NC so of course we had to go check it out.
I do like the steps that B&N are taking to try to adjust to the times.
When I walked up to the register, I was to my surprise remembered, and the coat was sold to me for $30!
\nThey aren't trying to wow you with exotic ingredients or fun twists, it's almost as if you're sitting down at someone's house and eating what they'd eat on a regular basis.
\n\nWe did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past I have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert.
I stayed years ago for business and was impressed and recently stayed for a wedding weekend and was not let down.
its definitely a nice group of people.\n\nOther: This is a great ice-breaker date, awesome place to bring friends from out-of town...A big change up to your regular tired work-out routine..and even a wonderful place for kids.
I haven't been to this clinic in awhile, but when I did go, it was usually a good experience.
We had good conversation with the other couple staying there as well as the owners.\n\nGreat place!
The sushi during happy hour is great.
Cheese cheese and more cheese please.
Stay here often for work - hotel is pet friendly, staff are helpful.
Our waiter was very attentive and made us laugh a few times.
the decor is excellent and its dark and even romantic.
Enjoyed the winter solstice concert Saturday night.
The special pork sandwich with mustard, cheese, lettuce, and tomato is mind-bogglingly good, and I have often heard that the turkey with cranberry being referred to as \""Christmas in a bun.\"" You decide.\n\nAND YOU GET A PICKLE!!
This place has cheap-ish beer, decent shots, a great jukebox and patrons with good enough taste to make the right decisions when pumping money into it.\n\nIt's small and I'm pretty sure it's not air conditioned.
So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.
\n\nGet the cheese fries, they're some of the best in town.
I've always had helpful, friendly people working whenever I've popped in to get something for our kitchen.\n\nGreat selection of items, and the staff always have great recommendations for me when I'm not quite sure of what I need.
Like some people wouldwalk a mile for a Camel, I would walk 10 miles for beef short ribs.
I highly recommend them to anyone considering lasik.
\n\nI need to find more places like this.
I heard great things about this place from my brother and it met every expectation.\n\nHere is what we ordered:\n\n-Appetizer for 5 that including jumbo crab cakes, calamari, and mussels.
\n\nIt feels like TGIF's or Applebee's but luckily it tastes better.
This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison/Middleton area.
This dish was so good I literally could not stop eating it, even when I abslutely could not fit anymore.
The house-made pub chips were excellent.\n\nA small group of us ate and drank for a few hours; the total tab came to just over $60, which is an absolute bargain.
Sometimes over the top (\""people say it's the best meal they have had in their life\"" and \""the chef took this week off so he could enjoy the meal as a customer--and it brought a tear to his eye\"") but we genuinely loved it.
We ordered Totchos (tater tot nachos) to start and they were delicious!
Staff is friendly and down home, but you'd better leave your big-city attitude at home.\n\nWe went for a Friday night fish fry.
Great staff, Chefs are incredibly talented and that Brunch.....goodness.
The broth was wonderful for dipping the ( cold) bread, yet the shrimp had no flavor.
A good place to buy gifts for guys, even if not cigars, especially the cool zippo lighters.
Let's not talk about the sweet tea.
I highly recommend.\n\nDo yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava from the counter on your way out as well!
Kayla, Angie and the entire staff always offer excellent customer service.
I think their prices are pretty reasonable for overnight stay compared to some other joints in the area and have taken him there a few times since.
It's a nice change of pace from the over-sized mega bookstores out there and has a nice, small town feel to it.
Everything else in the store is the same way....it makes me wish I had unlimited funds and could get one of everything.
This was, hands down, the best restaurant we tried.
The burritos get to be pretty big and filling and the salads (my wife had the salad) is also large.
Basically, this Target in Homestead will eventually look like the one in East Liberty.
You get a nice portion, but the pho does not include tripe, tendon, flank, and other random meats you'd normally get with your pho elsewhere.
The sandwich was amazing - fresh bread, lots of good meat, house-made dressing and slaw, and a heap of thick, flavorful, house-made chips.
A bit pricey for what you get, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.\n\nFor my entree, I had the sea scallops with BBQ pork, and it was pretty wonderful.
We had burgers that night and they were great.
I am very excited to try their brunch menu sometime.
The clam chowder is good, their seafood pizza is awesome.
There is also a nice fitness-themed cafe with smoothies and other light fare, and even a gymnastics studio.
Waitresses and bartenders are super friendly and they mix great drinks.
You have to expect to pay more at a dealership, but they charged me a reasonable fee and I would definitely come back for future service.
I can't fault them for the table next to us being loud and drunk; I guess the wine must be good.\n\nThe stroganoff crepe was delicious, as was the Nutella crepe for dessert.
We have been to this location on multiple occasions and have never been disappointed.
I'd say this is the best cappuccino I've had since Italy.
My husband got me a gift certificate for a one-hour massage with Glenn.
Its definitely a hole in the wall but the staff is very friendly.
Only downside, some of the people behind the counter have huge attitudes.
Definitely a great choice for some good southern food that isn't too expensive.
They let us girls do our own round, which was nice since the guys can be a bit aggressive.
It appears that they give you huge portions for your entr\u00e9e which is nice.
It feels more like a 1 Bedroom apartment than a hotel.
I feel like I can trust their input.\n\nThey most recently repaired a tire for me that a larger chain store in town insisted was beyond repair.
The hummus was really good, and the spike of sumac was a nice touch, although it was tad bit to lemony for me.
Get a yummy sandwich or salad, and then make your way into Heroes for a few minutes of geeky fun.
Reposting here...\n\nEvery once in a while, you have an experience at a restaurant that's so lovely, you know you'll remember it for years.
They also have loaded waffle fries that are awesome.
Went here with some friends the other day and all I can say is YUMMY!
My boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well.
I waited for a few minutes while Jerry finished up with his customer and then just sort of presented my tire to him with a smile and a look that said \""please don't judge me for not knowing what to do about this.\"" No judgement.
Nice to know they actually like their customers!
The airport seems clean, fresh, modern and friendly.
The reason why I am giving it only 4 stars is because my steak was not done the way I requested and our waitress had zero personality.
The amount of tickets to be won was incredible.
When it comes down to it I rate take-out and delivery places mostly based on food taste because I am not going elsewhere for superior service and inferior food, so Graziano's gets 5 stars by my standards.
\n\nWe stopped in on Friday evening to meet a friend for beverages and there was a blues band playing.
In fact, the best part of this particular trip to Pittsburgh was Primanti Bros., because my Braves ended up sending out the D-team, who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.
Met some friends for dinner/happy hour.
Now I live over 15 miles away and still head over there from time to time for my cheesesteak fix.\n\nNow to be clear, this is probably not a place your typical Yelper would like.
It looks very old but in a good way.
In fact we tried, but the dates we wanted were completely sold out :-(\n\nThe location is perfect, and only a 5 minute walk from the shops and restaurants on Walnut Street.
\n\nThe Salon Nuvo nail person is FANTASTIC (and wonderful to chat with).
Amazing Cardio Funk classes with Q!!!
I'll definitely be referring Glenn to my friends and look forward to setting up my next appointment with him.
I would definitely recommend this place from my experiences so far.
\n\nAlmost everdyday the lunch menu offers a \""special,\"" which tends to be the most succulent sandwich filler one could ever conjure up in their kitchen.
Evening waitresses we've had were all very friendly and gave great service.
Any pasta shape you can think of can be found here dried and most you can find anywhere else can be found here fresh.
It was easily the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh; admittedly this isn't saying much, but this sandwich would hold its own anywhere.
I'm a fan of Westin everywhere I travel.
I really wish I had gotten a dessert to go and eaten it later, though.
It's not on the menu currently but even the Fried Green Tomatoes were awesome!
Another of my favorites are the little cake cups they make .
Both were awesome and their draft list is decent.
Once I got out of my car, weaved my way through the tables and sat down, the presentation was great.
We've started getting takeout here and I was really surprised at how good it was, given takeout usually is half as good as it is in the restaurant.
I love it when waitstaff have just the right amount of crabby/fussy/humor, and this was a prime example.
(I like the faces of the patrons already there hearing them call out my fav's..
The instructor that she had at the time was very patient and kind to kids as well as the horses.
I ordered the miso soup, ginger salad and the Charlotte Delight Roll (tuna, steamed shrimp and avocado inside; white tuna, tuna and avocado on top).\nBy the time I arrived I paid at the counter and my order was just coming out of the kitchen, perfect timing.
For the price you can get this place, you really can't complain.
The neighborhood in the back is pretty sweet too, providing a little walking trail complete with a map and bridge.
\n\nIn terms of food, drinks and cigars I would rank it as acceptable.
I recommended all my friends to come here for alterations because they kept the customer in mind (a high school student with a minimum wage summer job).
Try it - you might find that you like it too.
Maybe the best home cookin' I've eaten, and that covers a lot!
This team could've served hot dogs and it still would've seem like an amazing experience.
It was probably one of the best risottos I've had, flavorful not watery and the light sauce on top perfectly complimented the fish.
I've eaten at a lot of Indian places and I love Indian food.
On a recent visit I had the duck which was tender enough to cut with a fork and extremely well flavored.
I came here with my sister who has been talking about the wonderful food here.We tried the vegetarian fajitas and Mexican stir fry.
And, the deli meat is Boar's Head, the best!
My personal favorite is the waffle with strawberries.
\n\nThe food is all house made and truly delicious!
Awesome staff, quick and accurate service, great tasting coffee and free wifi...
Very welcoming, very clean and and great place to get your sweat on!
\n\nMy virgin experience at Double Door was good enough so that I would def return.
\n\nThey have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.
\n\nYes, the previous reviews are spot on-- authentic Japanese (minus the obligatory California roll and special sushi rolls) in a super charming space (Don't be thrown off by it's location next to the Little Caesars.) with friendly family-run service.)\n\nThis place is packed with fellow Asians (not the speed-racing kind like Ru San's) which is always a good sign.
I live down the road from Monty's and it's being in walking distance helps give it a half a star.
The play was very entertaining and it's always good to spend a night out with other Yelpers.
She leaned forward and whispered, \""....yeah 'suchandsuchbar' is alright, but if you want the BEST beer selection in Pittsburgh with the friendliest staff, go to D's Six Pax and Dogz.\"" \n\nShe proceeded to give me directions.
\n\nThe room was clean and well maintained.
I got my meat and bacon from this joint and have not been disappointed.
The decor had a nice Irish feel and they had a band going at it upstairs(another example, they pronounce Smithwicks properly, if you don't understand, just ask an irishman)\n\nThey charged a $5 cover, ladies were free.
I've gotten a lot of awesome pieces for my apt there, including bath and kitchen stuff.
You can easily meet new friends and sing and dance a little.
I was jealous of everyone walking around in bath robes looking so relaxed.
I had to go back to work right after so I couldn't have my eyes dilated, they said to come back whenever I had time for it, so I did and it was fast and easy.
So make sure to share.\n\nMeals- I, personally, have never had a bad meal here.
Animal Elegance is not much on the outside but the owner was very nice & LISTENED to how I wanted my teacup poodle groomed and used the products that I requested.\nI was very happy with my services and I will return.
Molto bene!\n\nWe parked on the street and were able to find a spot easily.
Took a kiddo (18mo.) and it was fine for her.
truly a delight to work with!
Ordering from the menu or getting the pizza/salad bar, you really can't go wrong!
The london broil sandwich is one of the best steak sandwiches I have ever had.
The apps, on the other hand, are truly first rate.\n- eat as much of their bread as your stomach will let you.
From first bite to last, it was delicious and is my new favorite thing.
Mai Japanese Restaurant used to have good Bento boxes when they were at South Blvd.
Keep in mind, it's pricey over here so it's a splurge when you go, but worth it!
\n\nI highly recommend Potomac bakery for a beautiful buttercream (not fondant) wedding cake.
It is a little hidden, which makes it even more hole-in-wall-ish.\n\nBe sure to allow yourself more than an hour for a lunch break, because this place gets pretty busy during the week.\n\nIf this place was open on Sundays, had more healthy options and a full bar I would give it 5 stars!
Blue is a goodplace to take friends and family from out of town, also great for a romantic date.
I have a friend who told me the story of when he first moved to Charlotte and stumbled into what he thought was pronounced \""Cannolli's\"".
access) so don't worry about the gas.
Sure, it's probably not what Italian die-hards are looking for, but it is a chain restaurant and it does a very good job once you consider that.
The staff is super friendly every time I'm in this store.
The peking pork was fried to perfection and the sauce was very tasty.
Happy to echo the sentiments here - good, honest shop with fair prices.\n\nNo up-sell here - I've actually had them tell me I didn't need work after another shop tried to tell me I did.
\n\nHe had dinner downtown Madison which was an easy drive to and from.
C ordered corned beef hash and was delighted to find that they mix in grilled onions.\n\nHighly recommended.
If you need HIM to make your health care a priority than YOU need to make yours a priority as well, and take the appointment he or Erica gives you and make it work...afterall you are in a lot of pain, aren't you?
This is really amazing if you can afford it.
It was very tasty and not huge in size.\n Kale salad was very pleasing to the taste buds as well.\n Loved the bread, the dipping oil was very tasty and I also asked for some butter and that added even more flavor to the bread.\n The Flounder with Risotto was perfectly prepared and just the right amount of food to risotto ratio.
I have just recently started loving beer.
\n\nA few things though - price is definitely even more steep than Capristo.
A Caribbean kick with a tangy sweet balance from the mango.
It's fine dining at reasonable prices.
Aggressive herbal flavors perfectly matched with a spike of lemony acidity.
My wife and I went here last weekend, it was really good.
Loved it, and I'll definitely be back.
We love the supper club effect with the veggies out first.
The secret in their having one of the best burgers you will ever eat, is in the meat!
\n\nThey are absolutely not prepared to receive English speakers curious about Buddhism.
This is a great sandwich, even deconstructed.
\n1st example\nstanding at the bar watching a football game holding my money out on the counter so bartender knows i want a drink.
Breakfast was good, as it usually is there, and it was fun looking out the window at the SouthPark area.
I would put this in the top 5 Italian eateries in Charlotte.
Since it was also put as a \""couples\"" pedi, we were sitting next to each other with a nice view of the pool area and the golf course.
The place is loud and great for families.
which is great if you have a small one you cant leave.\n\nNow on this visit we were actually in the NEW Hemby overflow which is accessed by the B elevator located directly behind receptionist in main lobby.
An overall wonderful practice run by professionals!
We always order the BBQ sauce because it taste so gooooood and their wings are nice and crispy and hot and smothered in plenty of sauce that you will be licking your fingers.
Personally I would like more chilis, but I realize that is an acquired taste.
\n\nWent with the \""Nakato Delight\"" which came with shrimp, chicken & NY steak for $23.95.
Their sales staff is friendly and helpful, the quality of their print jobs is unmatched and they always make sure you get your project on time and 100% to your satisfaction.
alot of people love the hot molten chocolate cake..
I would definitely order this pizza again.
It's fast, friendly, priced right & very good.
Before I moved to Charlotte, I had my stylist do an all-over color to bring me back to my original hair color and wipe out my years of highlights so I didn't have to find someone right away after moving for upkeep.
When no wedding band matched exactly, we had ours custom made and they came out even better than expected.
There are rocking chairs throughout which was a nice change of pace from your standard uncomfortable metal chairs.\n\nThere are also a ton of food options.
\n\nI was impressed by this restaurant, from the quiet setting with an uncrowded dining room to the casual friendliness of the waiters.
Cute little bar tucked away in the 4th ward neighborhood.
Pasta dishes never impress me the way other dishes do, but teh three offered this night were on the lighter side and a nice variety.\n\nOh why lie, they each had three servings and I was eating off their plates.
I actually walked by it before turning back around and finally finding it.\n\nThey have a nice little covered outside seating area.
Penn Mac deserves more than 5 stars!\n\nThis place is the best italian food store I've seen anywhere in the US.
You can also sign their guest book while you're there.\n\nThe guys working here were extremely nice.
They have a great selection of pizzas but my personal favorite is the buffalo chicken.
Like the Manor Twin it is owned by the biggest of movie theater chains, Regal, but it looks much like it has since it opened.\n\nMy wife and I have been to about 30 movies here, and have never been disappointed with the service.
Had the famous \""Birthday Coupon\"" and decided to make it worth the free entree.
Their steaks are super tender and the server always ask you to cut your steak to make sure its cook the way you asked.
The dish was pleasantly spicy and I liked the addition of the egg.
TOTALLY one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!!
the mall where there is a 100% chance I'm going to find something I want to buy and a 0% chance I'll be able to afford it.\n\nIf I am going out for dinner and a movie though, this is where I go.
I'll then make sure there is plenty of home fries and get a side of the corned beef hash.
From the soups, to apps to the main dishes, is very good food.
This was the first night we had left our newborn daughter at home with a sitter and the whole ride there I was thinking \""I hope this is worth it!\""....
I am a big fan of It's Greek to Me in Brookline.
I drop off laundry for my business and they do a great job.
The man who owns this is super nice and so helpful!
In fact, her thorough and enthusiastic descriptions of each course (including each cocktail and cheese) were a highlight of the meal.
Good atmosphere and a friendly crowd.
\n\nIf I had a long layover, I would not mind being stuck here with all that this airport has to offer.
The sauerkraut was a perfect combination of savory and acidic.
My favorite place to get brunch in this neck of the woods.
This is my favorite commercial movie theater.
\n\nAnother tip they have an amazing candy selection that is great for stocking stuffers and easter baskets!!
The hashbrowns were pretty good too.
We would definitely stop here again.
Ask for your sauces like hot sauce or duck sauce.
+1 star for the awesome rocking chairs...because EVERYONE should have rocking chairs!!
I could immediately see how fast-paced they work to keep their customers flowing on a busy morning!\n\nEveryone in my group would agree that the best part of the meal was the lyonnaise potatoes.
I always enjoy a good comedy club and though I'm a loyal Helium fan, I gotta give props to the Improv near Pittsburgh.
The space is really small, so it does fill up, but it's perfectly cozy.
The salmon carpaccio last night is the best I've ever had.
Other than that they have a huge variety of products and grocery items to choose from.
The people are friendly and the food comes up fast.
lots of folks have dessert at lunch-time!) ;)\nI enjoyed the Tiramisu!\nNow, some people like it when the lady fingers in Tiramisu are very Rummy tasting, but I am not a fan of too much of that!\nThis was perfect and delicious!\nI would def recommend it!\n\nAll in all...
Only wish they had better roadside presence so I had been able to find them sooner!
I've been informed by a fellow Yelper that they are just closed for the season, I hope they're right!
Great for a casual date night.
I would recommend Sandy's services to anyone who wants to look fabulous.
It always tastes good and it never breaks the bank.
The hallways and staircases are a bit old, but it gives it a nice vintage feel to better your theater experience.
While certainly the do is most important, the little things count as well.
The atmosphere doesn't pretend to be a place for \""hanging out\"" and talking anyway, so you want to eat and go.
I had bits of my moms duck which was also delicious and the boyfriends sea bass was amaze!
It is well done and worth the wait.
This is one of the best secrets of Pittsburgh.
Our server Brittany was so nice and helpful!
i searched reviews for it on Amazon and it was listed at $25..
\n\nFree local shuttle was a bonus.
So this made for a nice, quiet, charming evening after the day's noise and hustle.\n\nI ordered the Crawfish Etouffee and my date ordered the Seafood Au Gratin.
While some people might not think Park Road Books measures up to a huge chain like Border's, this shop is every bit as good in terms of books and customer service.
especially for those that like beer.
Every one we've had is fantastic.
The fish was thick, meaty, and perfectly flavored.
Cute little hole in the wall diner on the edge of Uptown.
They give you free chips with two salsas, one spicy and one mild.
I enjoyed the accommodations as I was provided with a King bed, big screen TV (thankfully I caught the last half of the epic rematch of the Bronco's vs Chiefs game), a large tub, etc...
Very nice guys - they act like they can be your uncles!\n\nThe place hasn't changed since the late 80s.
The giant rotunda is just magical and the grand hall is beautiful.
The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph of the happy occasion.
Our bill came to $29 (1 beer, 1 diet coke for our drinks) and it was a fabulous meal for so little.
Saag paneer is phenomenal for those interested in vegetarian options.
best burger in pittsburgh**.\n\n\n\n________\n** based on taste, price, service and comfortable atmosphere perfect for a casual lunch, or proper dinner.
The salad was solid as well.
We enjoyed glasses of champagne on the deck before heading out to explore and hike around their land.
I really wanted to try the 1/2 slab + sandwich + sides combo (only like 2 bucks more than just 1/2 slab) but I knew I couldn't finish it by myself...
Nuff said...the crowd is always down \nThe Double Door never disappoints, great shows, great drinks specials and very casual.
If you want good tasting coffee, get it there!
I still go back for friendly people, cheap eggs, the clanking of dishes, and the grease rolling on the edge of the plate.
The food court is awesome and they had some one playing the piano.
they have a lot of great products!
There are a variety, like Burnt Almond Torte, Cookies and Cream, Pumpkin cheesecake, Vanilla Raspberry, German Chocolate, and so on.
The serving size was perfect, about 5oz of very tender breast meat, with accompanying vegetables and a small side of rice.
It was a great night to be outside.
The layout and decor is really welcoming and has a great feel.
\n\nThe price point is nice on the wallet.
Sauce is also good, nothing crazy, just good ole pizza sauce.
They have a nice happy hour M-F as well.
I decided, after much positive feedback from clients of mine(and a peek at my fellow yelpers reviews), to surprise my BF with dinner at Louisianne's for our third anniversary tonight.
Very nice and listened to all my concerns (I don't take my cat to the vet much so I wait and lump it all together).
This is certainly the place to get specialty items like hemp seeds, chia seeds, and other natural dietary supplements...
We had their catering and it was fantastic.
I called the restaurant and they did have many options not on the internet menu including a couple feature dishes (note to restaurant please update your website, you don't even list any pasta dishes as an option for the downtown location).
They don't overstock the buffet, so they keep the items fresh all the time.
And oh, yeah - they don't take card so make sure that you have cash with you.
OMG , I Found one of the VERY BEST Hot Sausage WITH CHEESE sandwiches that I have EVER tasted.
No matter what you choose, I'm sure you'll be pleased.\n\nThere is usually a long wait on the weekends, but it is worth it.
I wish that they had asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar since happy hour was still going, but that isn't a big thing.
Good thing we got the bento box, too!\n\nI ordered the sea scallops for my entree and chose the Japanese ponzu sauce (there are 5 choices!) to go with it.
\n\nThey also have a nice wine list.
Very inexpensive and I highly recommend it!
I even promised some things I should be ashamed of LOL I would definitely recommend that if you are anywhere within 50 miles you need to make a trip here!
Not only do you have a ton of options here, but they're very well curated options.
Cash only, and be sure to tip the server!
The drinks are priced right and the service is friendly.
Very pretty view and lots of stores, restaurants, bars...\nGood combination of academic and party life.\nHad my master here in communication.\nGood class content but not much help in career.\nLiving expense is pretty low, rent is 300-700 regularly, food is around 5-15 a meal.
And I would certainly come back to enjoy their expansive outdoor patio.\n\nI got to sample a lot of different selections.
I didn't know at the time that I could get a new seal at Truck Trends in Champaign.\n \nSomething that really impressed me though was how honest their detail person was about the state of the paint on my truck.
\n\nThe meatball and fried cheese appetizers were really good.
\n\nTheres lots of parking, the mall is beautiful inside, and I do teh bulk of my xmas shopping there because I KNOW I will always be successful there, and I have all year to save up for it.\n\nSometimes they even have luxury car shows, which always makes me chuckle bc I think to myself, \""Isn't that EVERY DAY in the parking lot?\""
I have found many a birthday and Christmas presents here, as well as plenty of knick-knacks for myself.
So far haven't had anything bad!
Best thai I've ate in a long time.
Although slightly hassled by over-enthusiastic docents, I had a great time (though short) viewing the car and carriage collection.
It's SUPER close to work and I was craving some miso soup.
Bottom line, Tessaro's is a solid choice if you're in the mood for meat and you want to minimize your chance of running into Bloomfield hipsters.
I just squeezed lemon juice all over my plate and it was delicious.\n\nI ordered the citrus-glazed salmon for my entree, with a spinach salad and warm bacon dressing on the side.
If you do have to wait, sit at the bar and order one of their cocktails (Pear Martini and the mojito are excellent.) Extensive wine list.\n\nAll of the appetizers are delicious.
We also visited here prior to our wedding and I shared the whole rack of ribs with my daughter and my husband had gotten the rotisserie chicken, the helpings were huge, the ribs were thick with meat and we did not leave hungry!
We were even ready to eat 30 minutes early, and the staff got the buffet fully set up within minutes of being informed.
its one of the better sandwiches i can remember eating.
Coming from the suburbs, I'd never seen restaurants done like that (except tacky imitations).\n\nLuckily for students and other carfree residents, it's on the 71C route and close to the 71A!
Otherwise, keep up the great work (and flavored coffees!); we'll be back!
Thanksgiving day dinner plate was pretty good.
Whenever I come here, I don't eat the whole day so I can enjoy my carb fest!\n\nAs reviewers have stated previously, the service is hit or miss at this establishment.
Wow, this place has good pizza!
Got great service from every single encounter - front desk, housekeeping, bartender, parking valet.
I ordered the Shepherd's Pie which was veryyy good, definitely recommend it!
\n\nThe furnishings are new and stylish and they have a large well appointed lobby where their \""cafe\"" is open in the evenings at 5 so you can buy a drink or get something to eat.
No french fries here as sides, which is an interesting decision, and makes the experience more unique.
Will definitely be ordering a full size of this cake with gelato for upcoming big parties we will host.
The Marriott City Center has a great location close to everything.
Beer selections for the real beer drinkers, go in and get a liter of some good germany brews.
I think Bucky Book and/or Entertainment Book have BOGO coupons, but watch for when they're applicable!\n\nThis is a very nice course that is great for all levels of play.
Loved that the waitresses knew the regulars by name!
They told us only 10-15 mins and it was spot-on, which we were pleasantly surprised about!
With good reason, too: this place is pretty rad, to use the parlance of a youngster.\n\nIndeed, this place isn't just for young fellas.
If you're like many people I have talked to, you might have been- but you don't have to be!\n\nCommon Ground is a member-owned grocery store carrying many local, specialty, organic, vegan/vegetarian, gluten free, bulk, etc items at reasonable prices.
To-date this is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte and I highly recommend you give it a try.
Loved the place the moment we stepped in.
Handsome devoured his burger and home fries.
I mean seriously, just when you thought life couldn't get any better, you get a pickle for the win.
We will definitely be getting food from them again.
Upscale refined food but no stuffiness came along with it which is my favorite combo.
In fact, my boyfriend and I were able leave feeling satisfied and without spending over $100 (not including tip).\n\nAlthough I had heard rave reviews about the Omakase tasting menu, we decided to order off the menu.
The store is perfection, but you already know that from other reviewers :)
\n\nInitially his train was supposed to arrive at 8:10pm but they had some sort of \""line crossing delay\"" and he finally made it in about an hour and a half later...I guess...stuff like that happens.
I love this place, you are free to come in, plug in and play.
The tomato based sauce it was in, was easily some of the best I'd ever had.
No worries, just grabbed a spot on a couch while we waited.
A cheerful hostess greeted us as we descended the stairs into the restaurant.
Thumbs up, great wine selection and atmosphere.
The ending result was more than I expected, IT LOOKED BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL!\n\nI think another great thing about this place is the people are awesome.
Overall the price isn't bad either which was awesome.
The flavored coffee is the BEST, one can immediately taste the difference from the brews here and the nauseating Hazelnut that is sold at every other place that sells coffee.
Their half off appetizer deal on Fridays is pretty sweet too.
My partner wanted to try a Pittsburgh cheesesteak sandwich and we read this was the best place to go.
My connecting flight back to San Francisco was at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport which was cool because my walk to the terminal was less than 2 minutes and the airport was really clean.
All of the menu items I've tried there have been amazing.
I cannot believe there are not over 100 reviews for this place raving about how it's such an awesome hang out.
\n\nFood:\nThai corn chowder- so good and very rich.
I like walking around uptown in the vicinity before and after as well, as there are always a lot of interesting characters hanging out.
Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square, cool area tho.
There's way too much food and it's all really good - don't get me started on the Jambalaya!
\n\nThe first cool thing about this place is the caricatures on the wall, there famous and some local faces with their names and even some signature everywhere you looked!
The sauce, in combination with the tomatoes, was fabulous!
Amazed by the variety of choices.
Perfect example, I went in and asked for a pound of italian sausage (kale/cauliflower/sausage pot pie, yum!) and they were out but they offered to make me some on the spot.
Stayed here for about 3 days since there was a conference going on.\n\nI would say it is in a pretty nice location.
The prices aren't coupon quality...but they're not horrible either.\n\nTry: Those buckets you fill with liquor...yes...the ones you've always rolled your eyes at.
I came here on a Saturday night and had a really good time.
This one is the best I've tasted 4.0 yelp stars.
However, there are thousands of indie flicks (and mainstream too) and the membership is free.
\n\nSince we like to bring our toddler to dine with us, I'm always so happy that they are so friendly and accommodating with kids.
This is a friendly, hipsters-and-yinzers-living-in-harmony kind of joint.
This is an impressive review for me to give a restaurant as I consider myself an avid foodie.
I really like that they have a Mass early enough to still get me to work by 7:30.
Their aged steaks are cooked and seasoned to perfection.
One of my favorite places to eat in Uptown.
Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake, my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?' She came back, cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!
Remember going as a child at the original location on Woodlawn!
I really loved the atmosphere of this place.
Sometimes it is really good and other times it is \""meh\"".
Good luck finding a space at 5pm on a weekday.
Now that they are back in action, the restaurant is better than ever!
Quality food, large portions, relatively fast seating, and great service.
Our server Larry was not only extremely knowledgeable about the menu, but he is a genuinely fun person.
Even though it was busy when we were there, the servers were funny, had a good attitude, and our food came promptly.
This is one of those places I really want to LOVE for some reason!
These drinks are going to be on the $8.50 side, some are worth it and some aren't, but The $3 Frozen Cosmo happy hour is the best deal on Ellsworth.
Most of the waitstaff is knowledgeable about the beer selections they offer, which is a nice touch.
Hello Friends!!\n\nThis \""Teeter\"" looks & feels great.
We are very, very, well traveled, and are extremely selective about where we stay.
Regardless of the one waitress we had that wasn't up to par, I think this is a great place!
Farm fresh eggs from their hen's, herbs from the garden and all the other ingredients were local.
I'm into the shrimp burrito because i love me some shrimp.
The chicken came out pipping hot and was very well seasoned!
First time I have been to this airport and I enjoyed it a lot.
Noodle bowls could be a bit more generous or perhaps a bit less expensive.
My boyfriend and his mom do enjoy the chocolate, and I have to admit I was sucked in by the promise of \""lavender sea salt caramels\"" on a chalkboard outside.\n\nI was really amazed when I walked in.
The location is a little iffy, though; the parking lot is too small and the building itself can feel cramped.\n\nAll problems aside, I will keep coming here for the delicious BBQ.
The service was amazing, they went above and beyond to ensure we had an amazing dining experience.
Stepping into Klavon's does give me a feeling of stepping back in time.
\n\nCigar selection appear to be ok though I cant say for sure as I stick to Cubans (you can bring your own for a surcharge).
But to me, eating whole and healthy and protecting my body is not a luxury, it's a necessity.\nI also like that there is no pharmacy in Whole Foods.
Peggy the owner is one of the funniest ladies that will have you rolling out of your chair.
We decided to do Sunday brunch, and I asked bff 1 where she wanted to go - she said she'd heard Pamela's in Shadyside was amazing, and had been dying to go there.
Occasionally the end is a little harder than I like, but it's not too often.
They do have a free shuttle!
Spacious, clean, an very friendly staff.
They have also taken out the house ware section and have converted it into a Hugo Boss section that is huge!
I went here in the evening after a long day of class with a great friend.
I managed to save enough room for dessert and enjoyed a slice of sweet potato cake.
\n\nCLT is really a pretty cool airport, moving sidewalks a large food court, some nice Art and even a statue of the Queen outside, Charlotte is known as the Queen City.
I did not have much time to explore everything but very impressed by the sheer size and architecture of it.
They're super helpful with my weird requests to find the perfect cheeses for every occasion.
I feel like I walk for days.
Traveling through this airport was a surprisingly pleasant experience.
The waiting area was clean and inviting.
They truly went above and beyond!
\n\nTheir website posts a month's worth of daily specials including lasagna, baked chicken, prime rib, and more.
Most places charges between $10-20 for your first time purchase.\n\nYou will find the major beer you want in here, although you will really only save money if buying a lot of it.
Our server was Donna, great server and she knew a lot about the beers.\n\nThe manager was walking around checking in on tables so I asked him for his suggestion from the menu.
It's a wonderful museum that shows a lot and tells a wonderful story about the history of North Carolina: past, present, and future.
We then shared the house chopped salad, which was full of great stuff and tossed in a light vinegarette dressing.
layover to change planes - pleasant new terminal - lots of upscale looking shops and restaurants - clean bathrooms - clean common areas - no outside noise.
I have to say thank you Cynthia Labriola for making me excited to go to the dentist again!
Saw my friend that works here, made some good business calls, talk business with my friend.\nFree Wi-Fi is always nice.
Tim, the head mechanic (Tim Walter, hence the name of the shop), is amazingly helpful and accommodating.
Great spot for a sit down lunch on a road trip.
Biscuit.\n\nThere have been nights where I go into Merry Ann's and that's all I'd say.
Best Burger In The Universe.\nI am a burger lover.
The green beans are crisp tender, the chicken is finely ground, moist, and tender.\n\nOver all Mark Pi's China Gate is good Chinese food, served in a nice atmosphere, and a great value for your hard earned buck.
\n\nMy experience has been all positive.
Some of the smaller venues are actually much better for seeing a show.
Very generous portion sizes, and unbelievable value (2 large pieces of toro for $5 is unheard of!
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, just like comic book geeks should be.
It did the job until I was ready to hop on the next flight back home.
I love how the restaurant is very intimate and that the lights are dim throughout the bar.
Even if you don't have headphones, they have disposable headphones there that you can use for free!
\n\nI often like to gauge a business by the happiness of its employees and when I talk with them about working at Rutabaga, they never hesitate to sing the praises of this very cool store.
The front entrance, interior and back patio look like something out of a whimsical dried flower wonderland.
The food tasted good and the service was very friendly and helpful.\n\nFor the uninitiated, there are basically three menus here.
Firm, not too greasy, and the sauce is really well balanced.
His daughter waited on us and she was fantastic.
That was tons of food and I came nowhere close to finishing it all (though damn if I didn't try really hard!) and it all tasted quite good.
Connollys management and staff were quite wonderful in allowing her to host the event upstairs, offering up great drink specials to help lure in the masses.
Sammie gets groomed about every other month and she loves it!
It is definitely not an introductory course in Asian cuisine, so don't expect anyone to hold your hand.
Annie's Mom gave us an \""entertainment\"" book for Christmas and Papa J's was listed as an option.
This complex is chock full of all things sportsy...gymnastics, fencing, biking, and yeah, rock climbing!!
Yes I am a fan and yes I am Shadyside yuppie.
I read Joe D's review and laughed a bit.
Perfect.\n\nI feel like you have to get the pasta trio at least once.
After years of hoping from one hair salon to the next, I finally settled on Cardamone's.
They recently changed the recipes for some of their apps, not for the better in my opinion, but the green beean fries are my favorite.
I loved the beef bone soup I got to go from here and I found the crankiness of the owner to be charming.
Thankfully we got there nice and early so the kids could do things like the water slides without much of a wait and even to get on the lazy river we waited a few minutes but nothing like we would have if we were there later in the day!!
said, which includes the staples, such as hummos with a delicious puddle of olive oil, crispy falafel, Greek salad chock full of feta, overstuffed dolmades, tabbouleh & baklava (not homemade, w/ pistachios).
It's great to have this restaurant in Charlotte, it's very unique and stands out.
The waiters are amazingly helpful, poised, and polite.
The only bad thing I can say is that the calamari rings need more sauce and more spice.\n\nThe greens and feta on flat bread was delicious but the flat bread is plain, limp and superfluous.\n\nThe burgers are large and covered in goodness.\nI asked for bacon instead of ham and I was rewarded with a fistful of mana atop my hand formed patty.
Extra points for the extremely bass-heavy hip hop gospel music coming through the wall from Now Faith Ministries next door.
If you have the opportunity to go, do so.
It tasted like home-made Peruvian food, not that I've ever had Peruvian food, or been in the home of a Peruvian.
Love coming to this local shop!
I believe it closes at 11, so it lends itself to a more relaxed crowd.
for orchestrating a fun and entertaining evening!
That first day, I purchase their spinach and feta bread (like a savory, moist challah bread - so good!!).
Everything was really fresh and made with care.
Had a buffalo chicken wrap and quite a few Fat Tire drafts and I had a really great time.
Literally overwhelmed with crab meat...OH MY GOODNESS.
It wasn't pizza I was smelling, or at least fresh pizza.
They did have a nice pretzel side with some mustard that will clean your sinuses...
It is situated in a house just a couple blocks from the heart of Uptown.
\n\nOur server was outstanding and our food was delicious, I am absolutely looking forward to going back and trying some more of their new menu items!
I've never seen my hair look like that before!
They even have lactation consultants that come through after you have your baby to answer any questions and to make sure breastfeeding is going well.\n\nThe hospital food is much better than most and they offer a lot of different options.\n\nThe labor and delivery rooms and the post birth rooms are so great.
There was still a wait for a table, showing that the place is even more popular now!\n\nMenu recommendations:\n\nPork Carnitas - I challenge any one person to finish this.
I am so happy they aren't keeping this crab and scallop \""pot\"".
My favorite Breakfast and Lunch place in Charlotte where the food is downhome country cooking with a very friendly and helpfull staff.
And then there's the bar...\n\nBellying up to the bar at the Saucer is easy - it's roughly 50 feet long.
For dinner I had the Seared Sea Scallops and my husband ordered their Grouper special.
They are very willing to let you sniff different kinds of perfumes; they patiently wait for you to make a decision; and they are perfectly pleasant even if your final decision is to not buy anything; they will still give you free samples if they have some.\n\nThe sales clerk in the dresses section is also helpful.
The food is very fresh and extremely good for the price, I bought a big list of stuff and I would buy out the entire store if I had the money.
Both orders together were around $15 bucks and came up super quick!
He was very happy with the service and the price.
My doc is extremely helpful and nice and the staff and nurses are great as well!
\n\nThe room was fantastic with a king sized bed and all of the amenities that usually accompany a DoubleTree hotel room.
Best Features:\nExtremely nice and helpful staff.
You'll be happy you chose to rely on an online review and a referral to book an appointment with this Dr.!
The mac and cheese is amazing and made fresh there.
The rest of the year is for inside, and luckily the facility is nice enough to keep the workouts enjoyable.
HIGHLY recommend them to you if you work in the downtown pgh area
\n\nThey only have Pepsi products, so I had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could.
Been eating here for three years now, and the service is always good, as is the food.
They have a great wine list and our server made some excellent suggestions.
I fell in love with Indian there, and was very wary of moving to a tiny midwestern city.
Friendly service and a consistant product.
We both love Thai food and Thai Cuisine is still the best we've ever had (2nd best so far is in Virginia Beach, VA).\n\nTheir Pad See Ew, Three Flavor Chicken, and Thai Spring Rolls are our regular favorites.
Food is fresh - seafood is yummy - entertainment is always good !
Sometimes a little more but the experts are worth it.
A very laid back atmosphere makes it perfect for dinner before heading out or just relaxing all night.
My husband was very happy with his burger, which was some sort of super-spicy special and apparently left his mouth satisfyingly aflame.
The fried okra was great, a staple southern side, and the sweet tea is very sweet.
There is no low end of purchase to get this offer - I bought a pack of gum for under a dollar and they asked if I wanted a newspaper.
Sat at the bar - busy spot - they have lots of take out orders.\nBartender do an ok job keeping up.\nSalad was delish!
My favorite place in regent square.
The hot dog is topped with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, sweet pickle relish, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt.
However, the server and food runner or the guy refill drinks are so so....\n\nWe tried the crawfish popcorn, dinner special sirloin steak with crawfish \u00e9touff\u00e9e, and crawfish and shrimp creole.
In response to other reviews - I only go when I want to enjoy an evening, not a fast food experience.
Of course the star item on the menu would have to be the French Onion soup which boasts rich broth soaked up by a thick slice of chewy bread that holds up well and plentiful caramelized onions all smothered by gooey cheese broiled until bubbling to golden perfection.
\n\nThe decor and music was just as unique, artistic, and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.
He told me tell when you want to wake up and we will wake you up when its time for your flight.
I think it would be great to go here and just skip out on the entree portion of the evening all together and just do cheese and dessert.
Enormous portions.\n\nAmbience is very open and casual but somehow still pretty \""nice\"".
I would definitely go back and order a pie with 1/2 the amount of cheese and some toppings.
The rooms have been recently renovated and the restaurants and bars in the hotel do a nice job.
Other than that it is a good painting.
As if you honestly decide whether or not to visit a city because of it's airport?
Here's why:\n\nMonday: 2.25 bud lights 4 dollars Smirnoff \n4.99 lunch- double cheeseburger\n\nTuesday: 2 well liquors 2 dollar drafts, $1 TACOS\n\nWednesday: Trivia night, 2.25 bud lights, 2 wells\n4.99 lunch- pepperoni pizza\n\nThursday: lady nights, $4 sangrias\n4.99 lunch- buffalo chicken sandwich\n\nFriday: 22oz beer price of pint\n4.99 lunch- 1-topping pizza\n\nLunch: 11AM-4PM\nHappy Hour: 4-8PM, appetizers are HALF OFF.\n\nThis place is a win if you go on the right day.
The people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.
We had a couple of rolls and they were good.
Great flavor, nice ambiance, and delightful evening.
It's a cliche to say dishes have layers of flavor, but there's no more accurate way to describe this thoughtful, absolutely delicious cooking.\n\nThe restaurant isn't fancy, but it's like eating in someone's living room, and those are some of the best restaurant meals I've had.
\n\nSo, now I'm a 6 hour drive away, it's two months later, and I'm still thinking about those Sweet Potato Tater Tots.
Very good and not overly stuffy.
Overall the food is simple and well prepared.
Was here for some brunch with friends and our food did take a while to make it to the table but everyone enjoyed their meal.
Fiori's gets extra credit for using the small spicy pepperonis and always having a pinball game in the corner!
For that very reason, I love this place.
Word to the wise: If you're seeking more chocolate, you may want to have them add some hot fudge!\n\nMy friend ordered the orange creamsicle ice cream soda, which consisted of vanilla ice cream and orange soda, and she enjoyed it very much.
\n\nBut my advice is pick a show you love a decent Broadway one, splurge once a year it will make your experience that much more memorable.
The fries were piping hot and perfectly seasoned.
It was plated with bean sprouts and slices of fresh mango, which I had never thought to pair with a curry.
Also known as the truth, which (by the way you probably already know.) My advise is to just let him do his job -that he is more than capable of doing.
\n\nOh yea, the TSA opened their checkpoint at 5:15 AM, my flight boarded at 5:35, get there and in line early.\n\nDue to the scrutiny of airport security, I can only award 4 stars.
Sports agames are often on the TV so get ready for that.
This is a review for Holiday Inn Express- Greentree (April 7th).\n\nIt's the remodeled Best Western Inn.
Their food is amazing, best Chinese food I've had hands down.
My 65-year-old neighbor and his crew of retired friends pull up a chair every day at 3:00 pm next to business folks, college students, techies, and other folks who are looking for a good brew.\n\nNo frills, no extras; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop, brewing up warm goodness.
Between both of these it made for a perfect happy hour along with their awesome rum selection.\n\nThe service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience.
I had previously stayed in one in Chicago that was pretty ghetto.
I like that you can sell books and get some extra change to purchase other books.
With appetizers, Thai iced tea, and two entrees, my girlfriend and I paid about $30.\n\nI highly recommend the cold chicken and sprout salad.
Really sweet.\n\nThe restroom is another nice surprise.
When I'm in the mood for a coffee and sweet treat, they always pop into mind.
and were surrounded by warm refried-beans and yellow rice - cooked to perfection.
Annnnywho, I love the U of I and going to football and basketball games have been a part of my childhood.
And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch.
Mozayeni and his staff are incredibly good and knowledgable at every step you have to take in this process.
Had dinner at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
Wish there was a local alternative to Starbucks.
On my first trip there, I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't hot from the grill (yes, I've been to some places where I was sweating when the cooking was finished).\n\nIf you have a birthday, this is a great place to go!
These folks are happy at their jobs....the food prep folks, cashiers, washroom attendants, and airline peeps working the gates must all be drinking the same joyful water!
The most delicious was the Eel and cucumber roll.
I had never heard of Alexander Michael's until a client recommended it.
exciting ambiance, not for a quiet night out.
Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night
Big smiles, and a fast, efficient exchange of information.
I need a my hood bar to have a good selection of beer (I accept Yuengling and hopefully a rotating seasonal list) and good bar food.
I got so excited about it I craved it for a whole week.\n\nIts such a nice change to a greasy fried breakfast.
Linda was also very flexible with order amount and offered great prices for my orders.
\nSo, if you're stuck in North Carolina with a long layover you can have a great meal, do some shopping, and then cuddle up in one of the rocking chairs and just enjoy yourself before you get on your plane.
The Einlauf soup is just simple good eats, but if you're ever there when the soup special is beer cheese - ORDER IT!!.
They have the best wings in town (Texas wild wings).
\n\nThe brewery tour is short but interesting (it's not a huge place after all).
It is friendly, simple, and delicious!
I can't even begin to describe how happy I am with the service I just received.
I have crazy thick hair, and they did it perfectly in about a half hour, shampooing for free.
\n\nAll in all, we had a very enjoyable experience, but I can't say that when thinking of places to go in the future, I'd return anytime soon.
The shelves were neat and the store had a pleasant atmosphere.
even the salads have been delicious.
Always great beer and good live music.
I ordered my favorite dish \""Braised Fish\"" and 3 dim sum dishes.
The Allied Army was made up of soldiers from the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Newfoundland, and the Free French - a total of 160,000 personnel.
Very welcoming and nostalgic.\n\nThe menu is bigger than I expected with a variety of traditional appetizers and sandwiches along with a large selection of German items.
Personally, I love their hotcakes, omelets, and hash browns, but everything on the menu is mouth-watering and inexpensive!
Dare I say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?
You can't go wrong with any schezuan beef or brocoli and beef.
Clean, flavorful, close in proximity, priced right, friendly service, food comes out quickly, and they're probably the only ones open til 10pm!
HeeBee G.'s Axiom #1: If you use one of those discount hotel reservation sites, be prepared to be handed the keys to the \""pound puppy\"" room.
\n\nBest joke I ever heard at a Waffle House in college: \""What has six boobs and eight teeth?\"" Answer: \""The night shift at the Waffle House!\""\n\nEnjoy!
I took my girlfriend here for our 6 month anniversary dinner for a nice night out.
The greeting, service & food have always been what you should expect from this chain.
Since making the decision over two years ago to be more active and eat solely organic and Non-GMO, I'm off all of my medications, and the price of organic food is NOTHING compared to medications and prescriptions.
I was there on a weekday morning, so there wasn't a whole lot going on, but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day, and watch the traffic and people go by.
They were a nice addition to the cookies and display beautifully.
Desk staff were super nice(I left my key in the room once).
The contrast of the cool greens with the warm chicken was superb.\n\nService was great and we had several visits to our table to see how things were going.
This particular location has really friendly employees.
The servers are friendly and efficient, they know their menu.
I would suggest non-Chinese customers to bring a Chinese speaking friend and look at the Chinese menu instead of the English one.
Lots of great stuff on tap and a huge bottle room.
So thankful we made reservations here, folks were waiting at least 35 plus on a Saturday.
I had never been to a place like this before and didn't know what to expect.
Okay good, now that you have ignored it, let's talk about how freaking awesome this place \""Nicholas Coffee\"" is in Market Square.
The quality of the dishes was better than we had even in New York City.\n\nThis is definitely a restaurant to bookmark and remember for the ages.
Everything tastes good, though I've definitely had better middle eastern food before.
If you don't particularly care for the seating area, just get your food to go.\n\nThey have some competition now with Maize open just down the street, but if you ask me, El Charro is just as good.
The service is real quick, the food is delicious, and the staff are friendly.
Seriously, that place has so many red-eyed, foaming-at-the-mouth people stumbling around it looks like George Romero is filming again.
We made sure to have reservations, as the place is pretty small.
I admire the work and staff of the ARL and will continue to devote my time to them and thank them for the wonderful work they do on behalf of the city of Pittsburgh and all of the wild and domestic animals alike.
As we got out of our car, an older gentleman told us how good it was.
haha I thanked her and she said it happens all the time.
That coffee was so good, I didn't even need cream and sugar.\n\nSlight downfalls: the waiter didn't know who was the birthday person (discreetly ask if you don't know, just don't plunk it down in front of someone) and the wait staff cleared away all serviceware before I was done.
Once we sat in the classic Itlaian looking dining area, our waitress came over, and we were starving.\n\nThe greens and beans were delicious.
And right he was!\n\nI wish Fat Jack's was nearer so we could go more often!
Upon a later visit, much to my surprise, there it was!
Although this place is in North Carolina, I was happily surprised by a sauce that didn't overpower with vinegar.
The baristas were very friendly and my hot chocolate was great!
\n\nOverall, an affordable, low-fuss, great place to eat.
I recommend the bruschetta (almost always get an order of this - it's sooooo oniony, and sprinkled with cheese and a hefty serving of diced tomatoes - so good!), and any of the pizzas.
I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon, fries, cole slaw and a fried egg) while my friend had the colossal fish sandwich.
Practice area was basic but nice.
I've been there several times since (I'm from Chicago, so I'm not up that often), but it is my go-to if I'm riding I-90 through the area.\n\nIf you're feeling ambitious and/or want leftovers the next day, go for their sampler platter.
It's a cool place in strip; I'd recommend stopping by and checking it out.
This is the place I imagine sneaking into on an evening spent with that charming someone who captures your heart with the slightest smile.
Even then, you have to search for it as it is tucked away.\n\nAnyway, once we found it we were pleased with the choice.
So far I have tried the hummus and the falafel, it was good.
Our goal of the night was to have a nice Italian dinner and not feel rushed to eat.
Almost taste just like the regular Hot and Sour put of course more of a seafood flavor then pork.
No longer cash only, which is nice since I never have any.
A lot better airport to transfer than any other one I've been a lot of food court and space and is clean!
The slaw was very substantial and was dressed well without being overwhelming.
The service is good - I especially like the man who has been refilling water glasses since I was in middle school and always smiles at you.
The decor is \""down home.\""\n\nThe hot sauce is hotter than you might expect...so I recommend you ask for a mix, or just go for the mild.\n\nLet's just say I every so often get a craving for Wilson's BBQ, and it's always a special treat.
It is a great, mellow place to hang out for hours.
Good pizza at a great price.
One of the very best gift shops around!
I was only without my car for a week, and the on-site Hertz service took care of me.
It would be easy to stop at Chili's because Chili's is RIGHT THERE and comfortable and you know it by heart, but don't.
In addition to this they give you a plate full of freshly made potato chips that are delicious.
I do not know if it is blaspheme to order the pie \""double cooked\"", but I would like to try that.
Accepts insurance & FSA...if you work downtown, I recommend him.
The bathrooms have the Kholer water saving toilets and the giant water saving shower heads with good pressure.
If you're looking for something a little nicer than your typical ihop/Perkin's (yet still casual enough to go wearing just shorts and a t-shirt) , then I would suggest checking out Le Peep.\n\nThey have a varied menu with something for everyone, it's clean and open inside, they have outdoor seating for when it's nice out, service was good, and it's cheap!\n\nMy friend and I split a Nomad skillet and their Razzle Dazzle french toast (or something like that).
Quick, good pizza, and always a pleaser.
\n\nOur first time here - friends had recommended it- and we'll DEFINITELY be back!
I have been on two trips to Top Top now, and figured it was time to write a quick review.
Nice view of downtown Charlotte outside our window table from which we were able to watch a rain storm pass, thankfully, before heading back to work.
I knew from the smell outside of the building that it was gonna be fantastic eats.
The decor is simple but spacious and the service is really good and fast.
However, be careful of what you wish for - watch next time I will get stuck =( ::crosses fingers::\n\nI really do wish all airports were as lovely...i mean why wouldn't you create a nice structure if you know everyone from all over the world are going to be frequenting it?!?
Talk to him and get ready for sushi rolls bursting with fresh fish.
That alone makes it worthwhile.\n\nOn the other hand, they wrote my last name in black permanent marker on the bottom of the button seam (no clue what that's called) every single one of my dress shirts.
I was surprised that the dress code was so casual for such a nice place; my husband and I dressed up (hey, it's not every day that we eat so fancy!) but we saw folks there in shorts and flip flops, too.\n\nWe started with the delicious bread, and calamari.
And DEFINITELY drop by for a super inexpensive and pleasant lunch if you happen to find yourself in the Bloomfield neighborhood.
the staff is friendly and take out is prepared correctly and quickly.
The hot lobster roll was rich, buttery, and warm, and the lobster was good and fresh.
side dishes were excellent as always.
The house Merlot was short of the $9/glass price, but overall this was time and money well spent.
Hidden at the end of a strip plaza it doesn't look like anything special from the outside and it's easy to miss - once inside the food is good and the service is even better.
I love sweets but even this was like an overdose.
\n\nCollard Greens: I've had collard greens before, and this was good as most.
The rooms were spotless and the housekeeping service was just great.
I highly recommend the cheese plate, it is probably the best in Pittsburgh.
My meal overall was very filling and I'm extremely happy with my meal and service overall.
Their rates are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and helpful, and on the extremely rare occasion that any issue arises, they take care of it promptly and beyond my satisfaction.
PS- the mac&cheese is delicious and sooooooo creamy!
The bo berry biscuits are good if you want something sweet (and I mean sweet), but you can't beat just a plain, melt in your mouth biscuit.
Remoulade-dipped oysters, creamy clumps of spicy rice, mouth-searing fish and peppery shrimp, beer and wine, more wine, and life and love and faces flush and hearts racing.
The lunch buffet offers a variety of food, all of which is good for an affordable price.
The raviolis themselves were plump and yummy, the squash was rich and creamy, and balanced out with walnuts.
The veggies were all perfectly cooked and super fresh.
He was extremely pleasant and personable.
It is a relaxed atmosphere and they have great food.
Do yourself a favor and skip the grocery store rolls and go for the Omakase.
I had the Ahi Tuna Taco Platter that was tasty as well.
I have friends who visit from out of town who order it to take home.
Once you enter the doors of pancake heaven you are greeted with friendly staff and the delicious smells of pancakes and meat on the griddle and other various breakfast aromas.
My sister was the one who introduced me to this store and i used to make fun of her for shopping thrift.
Although I didn't try the BBQ I also had a great time.
She actually listened to what I wanted and didn't impose her own thoughts on the situation.\n\nYES!
I was very happy and reallllly full by the end of the night.
In fact, they seemed to go out of their way to do things like open doors for guests and help guests carry bags to their cars.
When asked ifnwe were going to have dessert we declined as we decided to go to our favorite dessert place.
So delicious and falls right off the bone.
(YOU MIGHT WANT TO STAY AWAY FROM THE SODAS.) Our drinks, including ice-cold water; were brought to us within minutes.
It's good food, and not just by airport standards.
Food is good, only gave 4 stars because of wait time.
Three huge pieces with a mound of fries - now that's what we're talkin' about.
\n\nWhat I really love, aside from the fantastic food, is the creative cocktails.
We were celebrating 2 birthdays.\n\nWe LOVED the food, it was delicious.
The 20% coupons that are regularly sent out definitely get me in the door and I always end up buying more than what I went in for.\n\nPots, pans, plates, towels, bedding, an enormous selection of K-Cups, lamps, small furniture....
They also have volunteer piano players in the atrium on certain days, which is really fantastic to listen to.\n\nTo read more about the expansion, head over to the airport's web site.
\nOtherwise, whenever I leave Monterrey I'm a happy camper and it is always on my \""go to option\"" list for meals.
This one is clean and bright and well stocked.
Friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach eggs benedict.
So these raptors, for the most part fairly acclimated to human presence, will merely eyeball you as you walk by their aviaries or embarrass yourself by clicking and hooting to get their attention.\nStop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds, as well as some interesting background information.
Considering the flowers I got were VERY well received, I feel like this was an overall positive visit.
I enjoyed the fried egg roll way more, but I wouldn't discourage someone from trying Tram's fresh spring roll.\n\nFor dinner, I had the Vermicelli noodles with coconut milk and beef.
Also don't miss the sampling area near the back.
Trish, the bartender, is a fantastic bartender with a hilariously sharp tongue.\n\nI haven't tried very many of the menu items, except for the chicken wings, which are a house specialty.
They are very accomodating for large groups, I have been to a few dinner parties here and it was wonderful.
It is so delicious, nothing compares!
For me, having the most authentic pizza also means they make the best pizza.
That nutty flavor goes so well with their meals.\n\nThe service staff at Chang's is always top shelf, I've never had a bad time here and love when we go.
It does have stadium seating, it doesn't have an arcade.\n\nPark Terrace runs independent and foreign films and has a certain charm that is lacking in most theaters in this region (Manor Twin excepted).
The soups are homemade as well.\n\nServers were older and ours was friendly and helpful!
It's always surprising to me when you go to a bar/nightclub/restaurant and they actually have good food!
Try the white pizza, you won't be disappointed.
Service is helpful (when you can find it).\n\nThe pepper steak salad is pretty good - get it with ranch.
It came with some almonds and some cranberries, but the polenta itself was great.
The food is French, mostly crepes, and pretty tasty.
I expected lots of great flavors and it was simply okay.
By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
If you stay and eat your meal on the patio, there's access to free Wifi.\n\nIn the bulk foods aisle, you can bring your own container from home to fill up (if you don't want to waste a plastic bag).
Their home fries are delicious and whenever I go there, I usually order a side of them.\n\nThey also offer seasonal items, such as pumpkin pancakes in the fall/winter months which are excellent.
Potomac Bakery is pretty darn wonderful - this is one of the places my family will often go to when we need a cake or cookies for special events.
The other entrees were very good.
Initially under the impression that I was intruding upon the staff holiday party, a smiling worker told me that customers were welcome to sample the wine.
The service is very courteous for dinner, they drop your napkin in your lap and you get a hot steaming towel after your meal!
Good service, quality food and robust drink/wine menu.
First of all the Singapore Noodles was the best I have ever tasted in my life and I've had several.
\n\nLocated in some cool neighborhood that I have no idea where in Charlotte is a really great bar with a very laid back atmosphere and genuine customers.
The food is consistent, it represents the brand well, and to top it all off the staff is fantastic.
We will definitely be staying here on weekend getaways again.
I love the No Chip Mani!!
The park was pleasant to walk next to while heading over, but I was glad to have someone with me who had been there before.\n\nWhile ordering, the staff was polite and friendly, noting our convention badges and asking where we were from.
Your food will be out in 3 minutes and you will not be disappointed.
I love to eat here and pick up specialty grocery items too.
He guaranteed that we would love our choices and we all did.\n\nThe BBQ pork sandwich was generous, the pork was extremely tender, cooked just right (not dried out or raw) had a smokey tang that makes it so special.
Food and service have always been good.
I would recommend staying away during popular hours due to the fact that the parking is somewhat difficult -- the scant parking is on the side of the building and on the side of the road going up the steep hill.
I like that Casbah is willing to customize plates at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon items from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressings, etc.
I don't even think I need to answer that question.\n\nThese are GOOD crepes.
The sauce over the entree was a great accompaniment to the fish and risotto.\n Did you know how serious Upstream is about their food?
I like it spicy and I always think they give a perfect amount of heat.
Our server made a good recommendation for my son since there was no kid's menu.
Had a govt rate suite and was treated like a VIP even though my rate was less.
A friend I came with had the pulled pork burger and praised it greatly.
However, I cannot deny that it is most definitely worth the wait!
Can't go wrong except for destroying any diet plans and giving you a tad of heartburn for us older folks.
McKinley health center (I wish I knew about this when I was a student here)\nFree supplies\nTwice Per Semester\n Cold pack\n Pregnancy test\n Yeast infection kit\n Wound pack\nEvery Two Weeks\n Condom pack\n Lubricant or spermicidal gel\n Latex barriers\n6.
Don't go hungry (or do ;) Very reasonable prices.
Its clean the Custmer Service is decent better than most ecspecially CLEVELAND!
The manager who has worked here for the past year or so seems to know how to run this place and is a nice guy.
Where else but Uptown could you get huge homemade biscotti for $2 and Hungarian-language lessons for free?
\n\nThe sales Team was helpful and polite without rushing even when the store was full.
This place is hard to find in this crazy plaza, but the food makes it all worthwhile.\n\nThe Herb O'Vores Tacos are one of the most delicious things I have ever had.
I love coming to buy my scrubs here!!
My boyfriend had the penne with meat sauce which he liked, but his portion was noticably smaller than mine- I think the meat entrees are prob a better deal.
The whole 'thank you baker' routine is a bit contrived but this one deserves the gratitude from staff and customers alike.\n\nI'm not crazy about have to stand in a queue to get a quick bag of bagels and a to-go coffee waiting for others to place intricate eat-in orders but that's generally a problem only on the weekends.\n\nThis location has the self-serve coffee bar which also saves time and headaches for all.\n\nI'm roughly equidistant from a few Bruegger's locations.
Will definitely be back to try the brisket before I head back east.
I think they probably are friendlier toward their regulars, but that's fine by me.
One of my first experiences in uptown when I moved here...what a great Irish pub not to mention the food is out of this world...definitely recommend
If you are looking for someone quick and not a honeymoon stay lol this is it!
The Food was very good and the prices were moderate.
The daily specials are worth watching - the 10 wings for $5 on Monday is a bargain!!\n\nSince they don't serve cheapo food or beer, the price reflects that.
I wish Miguel's would come to Raleigh.
Other than that....pretty cool music by local musicians....great ambiance and good times.
This was my third visit there and, like each time before, everything was superb.
Always had great food, Try the clam chowder!!!
No dank corners where sketchy people loitered, no broken machines, no weird funky old sneaker smells.
I was a creature of habit though - - for lunch I very seldom strayed from their wonderful lobster bisque and a nice mixed green salad.
Now that's fresh.\n\nWe want to return sometime for \""turkey day.\"" Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.
It's funny b/c the two people who helped me also give their food Acana Ranchlands.
I frequent the nearby Bryant street restaurants, but did not even know this place existed until a friend of mine brought took me here today for hot chocolate.
Big tables to study at or meet friends, great selection of wine and beer, free internet access and busy enough to not feel strange but slow enough that you can almost always get a seat.
DE-licious, but almost too rich for such a balmy night.
He played the Pennsylvania Polka for us Steeler fans, and it was magical (sorry QC peeps, you won't get that, and it's okay).
\n\nThe first floor of the house is very clean and neat, but has a very comfortable and cozy feel.
I stopped in for lunch and it was busy-- about 15-20min wait from the time I walked in till I got my order, but let me tell you, it was worth the wait.
Every bite had some ham, and spinach...so that was awesome!
The pizza tasted great, was at a good temperature and had that good amount of grease that I was anticipating from a downtown pizza shop.
The food definitely sold us.\n\nDavid was phenomenal, very friendly, professional and extremely helpful in helping us plan the event.
On top of their specific exhibits (which are great for kids and adults), Discovery Place shows movies that are worth checking out--so do check them out.
Their staff is always helpful and they can help with getting special meat cuts.
They were totally cool about it, and offered water, etc.
I had a very good Filet here once though!
The eggplant was tasty and well seasoned, but a bit chewy around the edges.
For the price, I have had better meals and better service at other restaurants around the city.
My water glass was never empty.
But what the main collection lacks in cachet, it makes up for with its outstanding curators.
\n\nThe food in the stadium is overpriced, just like the food in every stadium, but it's not shockingly overpriced.
Be sure to read the captions...\n\nThe bathroom was gorgeous showcasing cutting-edge design concepts which had me convinced there was a hidden camera shooting me for the next \""Bold look of Kohler\"" commercial (in the non-creepiest way...I do realize I'm talking about hidden cameras in a public bathroom).\n\nI might have scoffed at my little sister for going to school in a sketchy place like Pittsburgh, but quite honestly, I just need to shut up and visit her more often.
My butter knife cut into it so easily.
They are made fresh daily by the nice Japanese mom and pop that own the place.
We were seated on the top level, which was quite nice because it was quiet and there were only a few other tables aside from ours.
It could use some updating but the rooms are still nice and comfy.
Their pork ribs are outstanding and I now crave the goat cheese and mascarpone appetizer.
The toppings were all super fresh, the meat expertly seasoned, the sauces to die for.
My colleague also really enjoyed his pecan encrusted trout.
We thought it would be easy and a good \""starter.\"" Um...no.
\n\nThey had an Ethiopian movie playing on the big screen above the windows which explained why everyone was looking my way when I peeked in!
The open kitchen didn't feel right for an upscale seafood restaurant that can/should be used for special occasions and dates.
I love that they have cage free eggs and antibac free chicken.
\n\nI will definitely be heading back to this cheap, tasty hole-in-the wall.
Sabbat de Sade is fun for public BDSM.
The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette.
\n\nThe service was very good, helpful and quite attractive.
Disposable plates and cups don't make much for ambiance, but most inexpensive but authentic Chinese places focus on the food and not the decor.\n\nI deliberated on whether to give them three or four stars, but ultimately I've going with four because I did really enjoy the food I had, and the service was very good.
Good bar food doesn't have to be good.
Like some of the other reviewers have said, don't let the location or decor deter from enjoying some of the best Eritrean food you're ever going to find.
The coffee was better than average (which must be pretty damn good because I can't taste quality coffee).
You can't really go wrong there.
Won best greasy spoon in Madison, yet has vegan options and bean salad as an alternative to fries!
I was taken aback by his thoughtfulness.
Do the complimentary valet parking sons not to have parking issues.
Cedric was a great server I'd be happy to have him serve us again.
They used to have free jazz on Tuesdays, I think, not sure if they still do.\n\nYUM their cucumber sauce is awesome.
Though they didn't have the exact tire I was looking for they told me to bring the car in and they were sure they could help me.
Great food, great experience - as an out of town traveler who doesn't like to eat fast food every single day, finding Mert's was a pleasure.
The lively energy of this place was incontestable.
More \""delis\"" should take a lesson in how to be good from this place.
It was good enough for your great-grandpa; it's good enough for you.
She will offer you some delicious Greek Tea (you have to try it) and take your order, cook it and then serve it to you.
We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area.
Beds are comfy, rooms are nice and clean, staff is very accommodating and goes above & beyond what's expected.
I was pretty pleased with the food at Harper's.
But if you do choose to watch, the seats are fairly comfortable.
My boyfriend and I had dinner on a whim on a weekday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
Everything is fresh, delicious, and remarkably low-priced.
The end was pretty challenging and it took us about an hour & a half to complete it - we did get all the numbered map squares/pieces.
Overall it was nice except everyone had to exit the water not once but TWICE.
The waiter highly suggested the gumbo, and it was really good.
I honestly have never had a complaint about their food.
Also, the last 2 birthday celebrations we had there with large friend groups, we called in advance to make the reservation and let them know it was a birthday party, and they put up decorations in our area that we were seated at!
Parking is tricky but I always find a spot..plus the location is on a nice strip with other stores and offices so parking further down the street is worth the stroll.
\n\nThe stadium is small and easy to navigate.
I like the atmosphere, interior and the service has always been great.
to die for!\n\nLet me tell you about this ravioli!\nThey were not \""doughey\"" at all; they were perfect!\nVery thin pasta, but none were broken!\nDelicate and perfectly filled with the most amazing cheese.\nThe butter/thyme sauce wasn't the least bit overwhelming!\nIt was the perfect compliment to this dish!\n...just thinking about it makes me want to go back to Lidia's NOW!\n**My Faves Here: OBVIOUSLY the Goat Cheese Ravioli!\n**My Least Fave: The Orcchiette dish.
The interior goes great with the food; lots of vintage Americana items and newspaper cutouts of stunning reviews of the food.
I cannot tell you how much I love these guys!!
The only thing I didn't like was the coleslaw; it wasn't very good but the bread they served on the side was really good.
Coming to the saucer is like hanging out with friends.\n\nOne last word of advice - if you're serious about your beer exploration, sign up for the UFO club.
The photography exhibit has some fantastic portraits and slices of Pittsburgh history.\n\nThe natural history museum, on the other hand, was full of kids of all ages running around among the dinosaur skeletons.
My fianc\u00e9e and I just enjoyed dinner here last night and we were thrilled with every part of our experience at Il Pizzaiolo.
The special hummus, fries, hot dogz, and pizza make it the perfect hangout place any given day in Pittsburgh
I had to find these three different types of cheese to make my lasagna from scratch and the guy working at the cheese area was very helpful.
The experience was good - they are friendly and very knowledgeable, and I can look forward to asking them for recommendations.
Any place where I can crack up, cut up, let my hair down and be loose is a place I love to be.
Some people say they are too salty and I say, \""Well, they're pickles.\"" They get paired up with a cup of ranch, but I think they would have been better with Blue Cheese.
Even though she really couldn't answer a lot of our questions about the food, she was swift and made sure we were taken care of.
It wasn't cut paper thin, had a nice smoke ring and was easily pulled apart with fingers.
They also sell small gift items such as candles and they have nice home decor items too.
The wife got some shrimp as an app and they came with another great spicy sauce.
It makes the whole block smell wonderful!
\n\nThe reason why this restaurant did not get five stars is because the service was often overbearing and I felt the sales pitch for their exclusive club was a little too forward.
Love the outdoor seating watching the bikers go by sipping on an iced tea.
We waited over 5 minutes before someone even offered to take our drink orders and so we went ahead and ordered food to not risk another wait before she takes our food order.
sometimes you want to polish it up and make it look new, other times you want to let it be and let that distressed look shine through.\n\nI easily spent a hour in here just browsing the shelves.
It's worth the extra buck to do it some where thats clean has WiFi a tv for the game and is right next to a bottle shop and a bar.
Everything had so much flavor and tasted fresh.
It has basically everything you need and is well organized.
The flavor of the dish was exactly what I hoped it would be - delish!\n\nDavid ended up getting the garlic chicken too, but he asked for his to not be spicy...
Usually a few interesting characters hanging about, definitely a different feel from a lot of the other bars in the immediate vicinity but in a good way.
The quality of the food is very good, but the kitchen tends to be slow so bring a friend/book/deck of cards, and the serving sizes are somewhat inconsistent.
(It takes a few days.) I definitely recommend this as something different to do with friends or on a date!
Eggs Benedict meal was one of the best ones I have had in a long time!
Sam, who is pretty much in charge of the bone yard side of Sutter's, knows most every part of every bike you could think of, or that matters at least...
The guy who works here gave me the best customer service and helped me pick out my new favorite jeans.
Other than my favorite coffee chain (Barnie's Coffee, which is slowly closing each and every store), nobody seems to offer flavored coffee.
They have even sent prescriptions for human-equivalent medications to Walgreen's for me so that I can save money.
This was like gliding on velvet and I wanted to faint.
Not super decadent but that's good because it was a HUGE portion.
Both were true, so she printed me a receipt, and I signed that I received the merchandise, then I was on my way!
You find your good old, Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Peanut Butter Fudge..
\n\nThe music is good, and not played too loud so that you can talk to your fellow pubcrawlers.
thank heavens for there being one in brookline.
One of the better meals I've had in CLT.
The coffee and pastries have always been pretty good.
Seems like it would be perfect if you're looking for a romantic place to impress a date.
One of the employees, Brian, was very helpful!
\n\nThe staffs here are just like grandmothers too...
Too often charming old buildings are paved over and replaces with concrete boxes.
This guy was proactive which was awesome.
But the food is always hot and tasty.\nI like their chicken salad plate: scoops of chicken salad over iceberg, hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, shredded cheese and crackers.
As a business traveler several clients recommended this as a must visit.
Cafe Sam has a cool Pittsburgh vibe.
Also, they make the best pizza in town HANDS DOWN.
I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did!
Honest to god, I live in CO and this is always one of the reasons I return to visit the town I grew up in.
Pino's is my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant.
\n\nThe pork chop is their signature dish and does not disappoint.
I lived in Houston for nearly 20 years, and ate Chinese food all over that city, whose Asian population is among the most vibrant in the U.S.
The wine list is varied and reasonably prices, with especially fine after dinner selections.
That is funny because as I was telling people about going it became clear there are A LOT of people that haven't...
The corned beef hash (served with typical white potatoes and the sweet potato hash...
Rest assured, this isn't a regular occurrence; the next time I ordered from here, the order was promptly ready.\n\nThe tandoori is very good.
Best breakfasts in the Pittsburgh area.
Topped with a strong cheese, with a side of risotto.
The patio is very pleasant in the summer.
\n\nOur server was super efficient and polite.
If you do have a pressing safety concern though, Tim is always willing to take your car for a spin or do a quick diagnosis to let you know if something needs to be taken care of.
The amazing chicken will keep you coming back time and time again.
I continued to be friendly to the Bartender as I know the type and he was tipped $3 for the drinks.
They are frozen so make sure you take it out of the fridge a little bit ahead of time before serving, it'll be a huge hit for any parties or holidays!
You go Char-Char.\n\nMy family of 4 + friend of my sister = 5 came into Mimosa on a Saturday night.
I love this store,I found my kind of clothes there .\nI am tall and getting older so this store is not just for 20 year old ones.\nAnd the prices are good.\nThe store was clean and so where the dressing rooms.
Burgers are great and my husband loves their chicken Mac and cheese.
We ordered a small, which states it is for 2-3 people to share.
Your choice of meat with some nice itailian deli selections, kolbassi(haven't seen that on a menu i around SF), or fish, below a nice bed of fresh made and not too dripping wet coleslaw.
Concourse D was just redone, adding a lounge area complete with sushi and Pinkberry, which is delicious.
Lots of stuff, great selection of vinyl.
Hugh fan of this location!\n\nFirst, what I like most is that they really seem to cater to trendy new styles!
I will gladly return, try other items, and suggest this eatery (there is a seating area behind the flowers, next to the Starbucks) to others!
That tells me 3 things, Miguel's treats our officers right, the food is really good and a good value, and I will be safe eating at this establishment.
And for those of you who REALLY like a challenge, try the farm's Flashlight Maze at night.
Three, The food is GREAT!\n\nMy favorite dishes are the Three Delicacies Sizzling Rice Soup and the Tofu Lettuce Wraps.
Ate here (in there parking lot) Sunday night!\n\nI'm almost sure the Cheese they use is 100% Mozzarella (instead of a blend) I am a Fan of this Pizza with EASE!
Crumbled crackers topped this concoction that tastes eerily like my grandmother's.
Was immediately greeted by Cooper, the host and owner's son.
And I also like specials that involve a $7 pitcher of good beer!\n\nOh, and great service!\n\nThanks for all that!\nMichael E
I felt really silly after that and tried to justify in my head why spending $43 on a $27 order was okay.
Recommended.\n\nLamb: Too gamey, don't get it.\n\nDESSERTS:\nApple Tartin: Too mushy\n\nChocolate Lava Cake: Not lava-y enough.\n\nDolce Pineapple Cake: Too mushy.\n\nThey had live music playing on a Wednesday night, but the most entertaining part of the night was probably the fact that my 40 year-old waiter was hitting on my 2 male coworkers.
Everything was clean, heat/air worked well, and the surroundings were quiet.
This was surprising for me but the fries were average and the corn was unbelievable.
I also appreciated that they kept the bread coming, especially for the next course: a homemade pasta with pancetta, arugula and
Got take out here tonight and I love myself some Wisconsin Fish Fry.\n\nWe ordered the Lake Perch and The Cod, with baked potatoes.\n\nIt was great.
It's nice that there's wide windows that open up in the summer that people can gawk at you dropping it from the street!\n\nI like that there's actually a business downtown that stays open past 9 pm!
Probably won't go back because I have found cheaper salons that do a better job since going to MCN.
Marges is tucked away in the delightful Pittsburgh neighborhood of Mckees Rocks.
Plenty of spice staples are available, and you can even get a nice selection of nopales (cactus), if you're so inclined.\n\nGreat place, one I'll be visiting quite often.
different, definitely, with a nice crunch.
Oh, and there was also fresh fruit.
We had the Astros staying at our hotel (what's up Brett Myers and J Happ?) so it's got to be pretty classy, right?
Go Pens!!\n\nIf they renovated their bathrooms, they would definitely deserve a five-star rating.
Add a coke and its like $10.00-$13.00 for two people.
This is definitely a mom and pop place you need to try.
Our five year old loved the experience and the food as well.
The drunken cheddar dip is pretty exciting.
Not pricey, and the portions are huge.
this is starting to sound dirty.\n\nIn addition to wonderful pastries, they also offer a decent selection of breads and rolls which are tasty as well, but I wouldn't go out of my for them.
For my own personal taste (I'm not huge on donuts) it was a bit too sweet, but the preparation and plating were fabulous!\n\nOverall, an excellent restaurant with stellar service and an exciting menu.
I came here with a few friends today for a late lunch after a race.
But the best in the affordable/causal range.
I love my Greek Omelette with Gyro!!
The portions are huge and you can substitute beef fried rice for your regular rice side!
The Ruben washed down with the Mecktoberfest beer was a good combo.
The fettuccine was cooked well past al dente and bordered on soggy.
It helps that these folks are some of the friendliest people you'll find.
At this point and over the years their play has been very mediocre.
Truth be told, I was like \""Man, this is way too much food, I guess I'll take the leftover home to sit in my fridge\"".
I would just come for great karaoke (my husband DJs every Thursday!) and a nice atmosphere.
The original place in the Strip District is the best by far.
And all the staff, from the gate personnel to the guy mopping up the bathrooms greeted me and wished me a great day.
The duck played really well with the thick ragu sauce.
I like smaller airports, as it seems like you get better customer service when there's less competition and crowds.
We got the beef carpaccio to start ($10), and I loved the mustard and capers gave it just enough tang without being too spicy, and the ciabatta bread was a perfect accompaniment.
The fried pickles were pretty delicious and I don't usually like fried pickles.\n\nOverall: I would return here on a date or with friends who were ready to have some drinks.
They did and they were good!
After moving to the big city, I realized just how good the bus system at UofI is.
Great environment great location with easy parking and access to Downtown Pittsburgh.
Sam Bok's bread was wonderful, I will definitely go back for more of those.
w/ a nice modern white uniform row storefront along the moving sidewalks.
I'm more of a smoky myself, but I can recognize good sauce when it's given to me.
The crab cake sandwich is amazingly good - who would have thought??
\n\nOur bill was quite pricey, but I feel totally worth it.
The service hasn't been AS prompt since then but it's certainly been reasonable, and the speed in the kitchen makes up for any order delays.
\n\nAtmosphere: I think the best way to describe it would be nonchalant.
All in all, everything was exceptional.\n\nEasily, this is some of the best food in Charlotte.
For once in my entire life I was not stressed out shopping.
They had an exhibit with Frogs while we were there & I was really impressed with it - there were some cool camouflage frogs we had never seen or heard of before.\n\nThey have a lot of hands on activities for older kids as well (there was a build your own shoe with duct tape &/or tin foil) as well as a light show that looked like a dance party for kids.
It is like walking into a little piece of history, I could see the upper crusts socializing in here back in the day.
\n\nI've heard told that this place sold the \""best coffee in pittsburgh\"" I had to test it out for myself.
I'll definitely be visiting Mark's again soon.
Being from Nor Cal, my business trip to Charlotte gave me an opportunity to try this out.
Their prices are a little higher than we would like.\nBathroom and restaurant is very clean.
Everyone at the table was delighted at all the food we ordered - and we did the full on meal.
I can't stress how incredible the Big Burrito group is.
They have a large outside play area!
I tire of eating out only to become dissatisfied knowing I could have made the meal better myself.
The staff is also very knowledgeable and very open to any questions you have or anything you'd like to discuss with them.\n\nI now have been going twice a year, and it's pleasant experience (never thought I'd say that about the dentist!).
Salad bar was simple but delicious.
This is definitely something that will continue being an annual tradition for us.
Great service behind the bar, and a really informative tour.
Is it still wonderful to see one pop up on a menu?
They have a \""couples massage package\"" that has a scrub and a massage, but she told me how that one worked, and being that yes you get to be in the same room with your friend, mom, daughter, partner but one does the massage while the other has the scrub and then you switch.
like the inside of an old dish cloth.
Have eaten here dozens of times, and never had a bad meal.
The Store has certain days that offer you %50 certain color tags.
The staff are welcoming and efficient!
You also need to get a slice of the Sweet Potato Pie if they have any left.\n\nUnfortunately, the service is unpredictable and you may be in for a long wait.
The bartender is also generous in his pours.
\nMy husband loves extra spicy and if you ask for it, they will deliver it.
I don't like fries and I don't eat cheese, but I still loved my sandwich!
\nValet parking is complimentary; please tip your driver!
Overrated, yes.\nFun, yes.\nSomething different in a very Midwestern town, yes.
Weird, twiggy rijad's mushrooms and way too many of them (TWO piles of those things, posed at opposite ends of the plate like mini pyres waiting to be lit).
It has a very simple style -- the traditional wood, simple chalk board beer list, a couple of nice HD TVs -- none of which stands out or tries too hard to grab your attention.
The restaurants are super clean, the menu has a nice variety, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.
My wife really enjoys the Americano.
They're bad.\n\nThe decor here is awesome, with wood paneling straight out of the 80's and cheap plastic booths.
We enjoyed the hot and cold appetizer towers at his recommendation for the table.
The whole experience was fantastic, service gets a 5.
And I do mean spotless.\n\nAtriums and rocking chairs are both nice touches that make the airport feel hospitable even for a long layover.
The experience I had here at the clinic was one of the best I've had at a big hospital.
The air conditioning unit was pretty loud so I turned it off at night.
Pretty much a legend in the culinary scene for locals and those visiting on super special business.
I didn't realize there was a small and goodness, the plate we got was huge and piled high.
Produce is pretty nonexistent yes, they sell out of milk fast but if you're in need of sugar substitutes or hard to find herbs and spices they are awesome (check back in the back by the bulk foods).\n\nAlso the lunch counter makes awesome sandwiches and very good Thai food (owner's husband is Thai and used to operate one of the best restaurants in Bloomington, I think it was).
He also fits me in right away (though it is a good idea to call ahead - they do get super busy because of their sheer awesomeness and small size).
\n\nGood food, good service & good atmosphere.
He's very critical of restaurants, so I take that praise pretty seriously.\nService was as friendly and informal as yo
Having been to NOLA and experiencing the amazing food scene it's hard to imagine anywhere outside of LA being able to match the quality of food; however, this restaurant is awesome.
\n\nFor starters, all you brides-to-be, I'm sure you know that this is the wedding registry central - the ultimate place for all your needs as a new couple.
We were super hungry initially, but omg were we stuffed afterwards!
Really relaxed atmosphere, nice low lighting, friendly staff.
I went there for my birthday dinner and was ready to order it when the waiter explained that they removed it from the menu despite it being one of their most popular dishes.
The merchandise is good for the prices, the salespeople have always been helpful and friendly and courteous, the return/exchange policies are excellent, and the discounts and specials and sales are frequent and valuable.
When my daughter needed to have her impacted wisdom teeth removed, we were referred to Dr.
We started with the Pineapple Upside Down Martini, what an amazing cocktail.
I feel compelled to say that I agree with Vinh about Mindy W.
It was larger and a tad heavier than I expected and would have appreciated a smaller portion, but the dish was very good nonetheless.
The teriyaki chicken sandwich is average (a little too heavy on the teriyaki), but the bacon cheeseburger on Friday is excellent.
Steak anything is great, especially the Burrito Tequilla.
Bailey's is a great place to hangout and play some pool and have some great pub food.
Probably would have rated a 5 but our waitress could have been a little more attentive (another waitress stepped in and was great).
Great pho and fresh spring rolls!
Lots of places to eat and a pleasant sitting area nearby.
The herbs were so fresh and delightful in this dish.
I've lived in Pittsburgh my whole life and I've always gotten my birthday cake here (well over 2 decades worth of cakes!).
Topped with swiss or muenster, it's a super delish sandwich.
It is actually one of the smoothest airports to navigate and has quite a variety of food options, both healthy and fast food.
\n\nThe spanakopita was a bit soggy but otherwise the meal was above satisfactory.
Before she could take another bite, he whisked both of the desserts away and added fresh strawberries and sauce, saying that he would be serving the dish that way for now on.
But I have friends who are and they rave about the sushi here.
I highly suggest the apple walnut, banana chocolate chip, the oatmeal raisin, and most importantly...
I didn't want to test drive it, because I know the history of GS (since I had 2 previously), but my salesperson insist that I do, so I took it around the corner and just like I thought, this is a car that really hit all the marks and then some.
I mean guys you really feel like you're riding on the train!
I had the scallops, which were pretty standard.
I like the pizza size options.
The portion size is very generous & the scallops are sweet.
Ordered a couple of Meat Lovers breakfast burrito's (with no egg, of course) and a good ol' Jumbo Jack with cheese.
Please take more time to ensure the windshields are clean, inside and out and I'll be able to provide a higher rating.
I could go on and on but I honestly can't remember every dish I've ever had what I do know is not once have I left and felt like my meal was medicore.\n\nService is professional but also not pretentious.
Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw, the fact that it's a dry slaw does it for me.
Huddled under an umbrella, his arm around you to warm you from the sudden chill, you scamper down the few steps and duck into the warmth of Girasole.\n\nYou're immediately greeted like family; with a glow in the background as if a huge fire were burning.
I ordered the Thai Kew Teaw which was grilled noodles, chicken, peppers, grilled onions, and a heavenly sriracha-esque sauce.
A good friend of mine always points out the ugly carpet.
Little pricey came to a little over seven bones, but whatevs.\n\nLooking forward to washing my car, pumping some jams in the ride, getting a fresh haircut post-gym/tan/laundry.
\n\nThe menu promotes some typical bar fare, some that's good some that not so good.
\n\nIt took us 1 hour and 15 minutes to get out and we promptly rewarded ourselves with some fried oreos from the food tent outside the maze.
Equipment was easy to set up during our event and the sound quality was great!
It is also a little questionable how they serve it but, I've never denied myself some discount tofu.
Not only are these omelets big, but they are also stuffed with whatever toppings you want, so you will not be disappointed with your meal.
The food and drinks were delicious.
A trip to the Omnimax Theater is always a good time and I have never left disappointed.
Before I finally made it over to this range I heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing.
Clean, decent set up, hallways are not wide enough though making it extremely trafficy to walk through.
Best spring rolls I've ever eaten!\nHIGHLY recommended!\n\nYour pal,\nWalter
had lobster here on my birthday once too and it was good
Easy to get reservations, prompt service, and DELICIOUS food!
at $8 for adults, $7 for kids, less the discount for going to the museum at the same time.\n\nWe didn't attend any of the several live demonstration/lectures that were going on around us, but they looked interesting.
They mailed me both items for no charge (I offered to give them a credit card, but they said no.) I receive the package within 3 days of returning from my stay.
Of course, you don't get the huge selection either, but this is my go to place for buying food, litter, and random toys.\n\nIt makes me feel good to be supporting a local establishment.
then they sat us down and put roses and 2 glasses of champagne for us.
I actually enjoy the experience of walking around HUGE stores that overwhelm me with variety and random things.
I can run in, order, head out pretty quick.
Although Barrington's is really expensive (face it) it is worth every penny.
I'm pretty sure my friend who recommended the restaurant, has tried at least 50% of the menu over her visits there.
Lebanon variety.\n\nThe vegetable wrap is phenomenal, the burgers are great, and the \""Codfather\"" gigantic fish sandwich is simply amazing, the best outside of Wholey's.
If I could change on thing, I would prefer fresh herbs on the gyro instead of dried.
Make sure you request a room with a river view.
Solid food and a good place to start out a night.
We enjoyed our brunch soooooooooooo much.
(I agree with the comment I saw that stated that this would be a perfect place for a hungover posse!)
I came here last weekend to see Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre perform The Great Gatsby.
The Harmony fits right into the vibe of the neighborhood.\n\nOh how I miss you, Harmony Bar!
Great outdoor seating on a nice day!
This place is right along my way home from the bus from work, so I'm always tempted to stop here.\n\nIf you're looking for a great place to grab an inexpensive pizza, check out Pizza Perfectta!
THEN RETURN TO SAID YELP REVIEW AND THANK ME.
Haven't been to any other football stadium in the country, but BofA Stadium is nice.
Atmosphere is very nice - quiet without feeling like a library, nice lighting, decent and eclectic music mix.
There are over 90 crystal chandeliers, torchieres and sconces in the theater, all but one are original.
\n\nThe food is interesting and the atmosphere is very unique.
These rolls are never crunchy or stale; they don't cut the roof of your mouth when you bite in (ouch!), nor do they get soggy when adding condoments.
Paired with the twice-baked potato, my meal was excellent.
Order a greyhound and watch the bartender squeeze fresh juice into your drink and kick it with strangers at the bar.
Best ice cream in the Charlotte area.
Plus they're pretty quick with the coffee refills.\nEnvironment: Old school diner feel - with booths and stools!
We had several hors d'oevres the lamb lollipops were awesome and a must have when you have an event here.
Everything everyone in our group got looked pretty good.
The prices on the a-la-carte sushi, in contrast, looked only slightly more costly than others in town.\n\nThe second difference: innovation.
But a fine neighborhood bar.\n\nAnd fried pickles!!!
This is not the kind of place you order chicken teriyaki (and if your date does order this, break up with him/her), Umi takes its suhsi seriously and the waitstaff is generally very helpful in navigating the menu, although I did have one experience there in which the waiter seemed like he was preening about his (legitimate) sushi knowledge.
They like the campus and the teachers.
The location is great as it just pops up in the middle of a residential section in the heart of Bloomfield.\n\nThe patrons are always friendly, and on more than one occasion I've had random people start chatting me up like we've known each other for years.
\n\n I will definitely be back!
Even though we visited on a Thursday, the owner, Rich, was kind enough to put some food out for us.
Of course, the facility was beautiful and staff was friendly.
So eating it outside on a windy day was not a problem at all!
Breakfast buffet was really nice each morning and bar area in the lobby was very modern and a nice place to relax.
They owner was very friendly and helpful.
It's not that much to shake a stick at, but their great at what they do and they're rather kind.
\n\nOne that is a local bar with a cast of characters hanging out, reading the paper, making jokes, all on a first name basis.
The chicken biryani was very good, perhaps not traditional, but its very hard to get good biryani in any restaurant around town and this was about as good as we've had so far.
If you have other small children accompanying you then this bench is great for sleepy children.
They're all very accommodating with tv channel change requests, please turn up/down the music, etc.\n\nBEST NIGHT TO GO: Badger Band Concert Day in April!
If you are looking for an outstanding comedy gift, this is the place for you.\n\nAlso: a strategically hip book selection, high quality puppets, a wall of giggle-worthy novelty shirts and a jewelry case.
It is also one of the only entertainment venues that provides ample seating without an extra whack to your wallet.\nVisualite, don't change a thing.
I love the vast bread choices, and the fact that they serve Alterra Coffee(our fave).
Especially the Oreo Latte, yum!Employees are always very friendly.
(Hint: if one person calls you over for a drink, make sure the rest of us are set before running away.) \n\nAtmosphere: 4 stars - really good job of having enough televisions for everyone to see the game/s and marking each so you know what's on.
The menu had a lot of options for a fancier place, and the dishes seemed to be quite unique - filet of elk, seafood, interesting complementing sauces and combinations.
Fantastic party of flavor on my palate!
It was delicious and didn't leave me with that greasy what did I just put in my stomach feeling that I was expecting (from past WH experiences).
The business center is great in a pinch, too!
The service is very friendly, always willing to help you make up your mind about menu choices.
I've had at least 5 events with parties of 20+ people (sometimes even last minute) and they don't bat an eye.
He made me feel totally at ease about the purchase.
\n The cobb salad is just a cob salad, but some how they make it better than most.
Stayed here for a week for a conference in town, and it was like home away from home.
I had some Blizzard-type thing, and it was delicious.
Very thoughtful and respectful people working here.
I did not have a football team growing up and it took me a while to find the right one.
\n\nThere are two pools--cool & warm.
Busse's is very much a typical neighborhood tavern, with cheap drinks (cheapest in the city that I've found) and nice down to earth people.
Usually get take out from here--I love their fried dumplings and chicken and broccoli.
I was thrilled that it was right here in Charlotte.
I can't rave enough about how friendly and knowledgeable the staff are.
If you're expecting something amazing for dinner here then you're definitely here for the wrong reason.
Mitch is a great box office person and I appreciate he apologized.
Not the restaurant's problem to solve, but I could imagine that those coming in who aren't on foot would like an easier way to leave their cars behind.
\n\nThe overall experience was wonderful: great staff, great people, and a great setup.
The cheesesticks are great when you're craving something cheesy and salty, and their grilled chicken salad with fries and ranch dressing is dependable as well.
Our waitress was definitely a good host.
Music is always great as a mix between Dance/House and Top-40/Hip-Hop.
He stayed on the 3rd floor and I was on the 4th floor, we both had magnificent suites.
Silky's also boasts a shuffleboard table and darts to keep people busy and having fun.
The waitress was top notch and the decor is one of the nicest ive observed..
But if you just want a snack...well, be ready to take a minute to stop by an ATM first, if your bank is nearby.
The staff are great and I had a very wonderful experience.
The inside was, as others have already commented, very pastel and outdated, reminding me of my grandmother's 80th birthday party.
They lived lavishly, and Frick was an avid art collector.
\n\nAlso the layout is pretty cool too, you walk in to the Men's and Women's, fitting rooms are in the middle and kids in the back!
THANK YOU!\nThe pie was delicious, the ice cream melted slowly into the pecan crust and became a delicious consoling comfort food.
Based on the crowd and the decor, I imagine this place would be great for happy hour too.
Service was good and the food came relatively fast for a lunch rush.
The prices are also really good - any other store with a big cheese selection will charge a ton more.\n\nI used to shop here at least once a week and since I've moved away from Pittsburgh, this is the store I miss the most.
My ring finger is a good deal smaller than the ring's past owner, however, and the ring needed to be sized down from a 7 to a 3 and 3/4.
And i hate layovers, but they have really great stores to shop and eat..
\n\nIt turned out okay in the end, but it was an interesting evening to say the least.\n\nFood-wise, the pizza and wings are delicious!
But, didn't I say we don't get out much in the evening without kids in tow?) Yummy is the word for both.
The only item I've had that was less than thrilling was the vegetarian quesadilla...
From someone who looked all over NYC for a dress-- trust me-- just go to Anne Gregory-- you will be glad that you did!!
I live not too far from this taco bell, and go pretty often.
I was disappointed but didn't complain about it.
owned it and Larry taught me to butcher, it warms my heart that this place is still in existence (I still have my Jay Rath designed butcher paper window sale signs from my last week working there).
They can also walk over to the mall and shop, eat or entertain themselves if they don't have a car.
I'm definitely recommending this to my husband for future golf outings.\n\nI ordered the sushi and was pleased with the quality and how quickly the order came out!\n\nThey also have an excellent beer selection!
My only regret is that I didn't have more days to visit...maybe that good thing, because honestly, I don't think I would have left the store.
The smoothie I got here was awesome, and (gasp) made with real fruit!!
The bridesmaid dress needed to be taken in on the sides and again I think she had good advice and offered her thoughts to make it more fitted while still allowing me to move.
Big portion for the cheapest price.\n -The Seabass is by far the best tasting.
Get a Park House burger or even a Mexican War Street burger..hell try out the hummus..it's all great.
They had a delicious seasoning on it as well as their chicken.
My two co-workers and I were very happy with the food and the service.
\n\nthe lounge area has 2 tables with chairs if you would want a table for eating or computer.
I'm not a football fan...not at all...but the games are always fun here.
And I'm a guy who's had a few biscuits in his day, so trust.
Yum.\n\nHave been here a few times, and have never left disappointed.
Best nail salon in C-U area.
The atmosphere is like a typical casual dining restaurant with a bar, great to bring a group of friends or family to.
\n\nAll that being said, I have searching a place that serves great burgers.
It is a great bar for business people visiting to relax and enjoy a nice cocktail and cigar.
The blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish.
Awesome bar, plenty of seating, live music (although with a cover charge...boo), great beer selection, and really solid food.\n\nI tried the classic cheeseburger; patties were hand-formed and cooked to a perfect medium.
Yes the pizza is the best in the burgh.
The permanent exhibits at Discovery Place are fun for kids of all ages and the exhibitions are top notch as well.
Visually, it looked appealing, with lots of cheese and crunchy onions on top, but once you pulled the cheese back, it was a bowlful of bread cubes soaked in broth.
I've had it several times and it's always been moist and an explosion of nutty goodness with every bite.
Have been coming here for years to play volleyball.
Cooked perfectly, with a tangy sauce\n\nMushroom & spinach dumplings: a little smaller than expected, but the red pepper dipping sauce did it in for us.
great cooks and fresh, also ice cold beer.
Not much time wasted short waiting times and procedures were quick.
Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!
In addition to clinics and climbing classes they also offer these aerial dance classes that while I haven't had a chance to try- are awesome from what I hear.
Good thing we still had some handy.
The routes are decently hard and allow me to push myself to get better.
They are the same family-owned established where you can get no nonsense service and absolutely amazing food.
not only have i never had a bad meal here, but i've never had anything short of FANTASTIC!!
If you're looking for good Chinese food at relatively inexpensive prices then China Taste is it.
By the way, my spy happens to be an employee so I know it's true.
I also managed a dessert on my first visit, that portion size of the Oat Fudge Bar was enough for me to have skipped the fries or the burger, it was huge!
I loved it and i don't even care if you judge me for the calorie intake that i took in at this restaurant.
Like all good burgers, the meat steals the show but the veggies keep the burger's pace.
The sauce is good too, light but with a good tomato flavor.
After living in Los Angeles for all of my 20's, I find this kind of environment comforting and refreshing.\n\nFor the life of me, I cannot remember what I had for dinner here.
(BTW, isn't it so fun to see him out and about Charlotte?
I tried a small bite was amazed!
My friend who has a gluten allergy was delighted to learn that they offer gluten free bread and said his hash was delicious.
It had a great sandwich (crab) and the soup was pretty decent (cream of cauliflower).
I had what was probably the best tuna ever at LaVecchia's.
Great for kids of all ages.
Thanks for the help, Lori.\n\nBeautiful place, great Wi-Fi.\n\nErin
The bagels are fresh and they usually have hot bagels right out of the oven and a wide variety to choose from.
I want it to be a day of pampering.\n\nI took my bestie out for a spa day since she really needed one.
I like the fact that there are rocking chairs in all the terminals for use by weary passengers.
I loved the atmosphere (very classy) and the martinis (very unique and tasty).
They have the best Pho (I get the vegetarian version), vegetarian spring rolls and tofu w lemongrass.
\n\nThis restaurant is definitely a place to go for special dinners and occasions.
Their tortila chips were served hot and the salsa was a little different but okay.
\n\nAnyway, we had a fun time here.
They are really great about helping out people who have limited mobility.\n\nThe center section (the \""hub\"" area from which the gates extend) is really nice - I love the window wall and the rocking chairs that are lined up perfectly for people watching, book reading, and relaxing.
they focus on their pizza instead, and they do pizza very well.
Best gnocchi I have ever had (and I don't even really like it that much; something about it just called to me).\n\nAnd then they wrap you up with a dessert table.
the beloved burnt almond torte lives up to the hype and is never a disappointment.
A friend of mine was visiting from NYC and, though not at all religious, he's an antiques and history freak.
Nice portions, good food, and classic Italian enviornment.\n\nWhen we got here, it was a pretty long wait, but luckily they have a pretty rocking bar here equipped with many TVs and plenty of booze.
Try it with the scallops or a white-fleshed fish.\n\nThere is a nice selection of regional beers on tap, a decent selections of wines, and creative drinks (think elderflower and pear martinis).
cool atmosphere and cocktails as well.
Everyone in our party of 3 thoroughly enjoyed their meal.
Consistent and delicious with great flavors of the mediterrean.
\nIt is a busy place for good reason.
Hail to the Orange,\nHail to the Blue,\nHail Alma Mater,\nEver so true!\nWe love no other\nSo let our motto be\nVictory, Illinoisssssssssssssss!
It's a small neighborhood restaurant, the main dining room is small and it looks like you're in the banquet room of a Holiday Inn in 1985--but somehow the atmosphere is warm and friendly instead of dated and depressing.\n\nI have never called ahead for reservations and i have never had to wait for a table and I believe this is only bc I've got lucky every time I dine there.
No complaints and this one is much less sketchy than the one on Park.
The pizza is always amazing, and they have a great selection of beers on tap and in bottles.
Overall, a great place in the University area to come chill and have a pint-or three- and have some good bar food.
The absolute only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because the place isn't the cleanest I've seen.
Yes, it's true, it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.
They have just about anything you could think of and it's always bakes fresh that morning.
We are glad we seen Maggie and her owner that day.
You will leave each time with a slightly damp, but happy child.
This airport also has a crew of 70 airport volunteers to ensure your stop at CLT is a positive experience.\n\nI hear that they even have a large area for watching taking off and landings complete with a picnic area and park benches.
She then proceeded to buy us 2 desserts of our choice...carrot cake (special) and chocolate hazelnut cake (on the menu).
Their pasta choices are always on par as well.
The food is amazing and very true to its Gullah/Carolina roots of down-home, Southern cuisine.
I've always thought I've been a pretty damn good cook my whole life.
Next time I'll try to pace myself.\n\nThanks Chicken Box for making sure you added a couple of napkins to the bag.
\nMy favorite is the beef and mixed vegetables.
Definitely use the moving sidewalks...especially if you are flying out of Gate E.
I really liked their beer selections.
Palermo actually ended up delivering me and her deadpan wit was the perfect thing to get me through the process.
If you just want a simple, straight across the back haircut, go to supercuts.
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.
I really enjoyed my experience at Lidia's.
We were told it's better and thicker when Sam is working but it was still extra yummy.
So people must like them, as I always have to wait.
Go in for the service, leave out with your food, love your tummy when you get home.
Grilled Talapia was delicious and lightly seasoned.My son ordered the wing meal and always enjoys the teriyaki flavor.\n\nFriendly service but forgetful.
For the main entree, I ordered the vegetarian couscous and hubs got the veggie special of the day.
Our waitress checked with us every 10 minutes or so and refreshed coffee and water right on time.\n\nThis was my first visit to one in NC but I was a big fan in GA.
Free wifi, gotta love small airports.
It turned out a lot better the second time.
Most of the other clients are Korean, yes.
It is a very fun, friendly, music-loving environment.
#Freakfest\n\nI found myself in town visiting friends who live in the Madison-metro area and make it a point to celebrate the State street festivities every year.
My favorite pho resturant in town the fresh rolls are great the pho is very tasty.
Sometimes there are cool live bands.
We've a large amount of family and friends for this traditional celebration so I needed a place that was both Big (enough for 300+ guests), Bold (that WOW factor when they even entered the building, foyer and ballroom) and Beautiful (for a place that would accentuate my daughter and her Epic Ballgown.)\n\nI sent an email to Lake Windsor with no response.
For a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that I could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms.
I can tell they take their service commitment to heart.
Next thing you know, the chef scrapes the table, cleans it, and bids you good night.\n\nThe food is usually excellent, they have perfect seafood and ginger sauces to complement the natural flavors, and they keep your drinks/water glasses full.\n\nGreat food, great time, and a reasonable price.
Everything I've tasted has been pretty good!
Huge dryers $0.25 for 9 minutes\n7.
Will return.\n\noh, and I really mean he's a great guy beyond the generosity with the fish.
Dr Simard is really awesome and not afraid to be covered in slobber which is a way of life for any Basset owner.
\n\nas others mentioned, the Friday evening buffets are really worth it.
I thoroughly enjoyed 2 of the 3 pastas and particularly liked the meat raviolis.
I ordered the non-vegetarian special of the day, cilantro chicken with rice, french bread, and salad.
Huge basket with a great home made dipping sauce ( a remoulade) as well.
I definitely learned alot about the south here.
Frugal's has excellent service and a decent selection of beer and wine on one side of the store and a good selection of the stronger stuff in the spirits section.
This service is as good as any diner in Chicago.
I live close, so I roll on over whenever I want a new nail polish color.
Only our conscious willpower has kept us away, and there aren't a lot of places that have left me feeling that way, so kudos to Page Dairy Mart and their staff!
The fries were surprisingly good.\n\nGF's veggie sandwich was equally good.
Resonably priced wine and good service make this a \""I'll be back\"" restaurant.
I got to the shop just before they weer about to close, but the owner was very gracious about creating an arrangement for me.
Rocking chairs, lots of glass windows, and a large selection of food choices...I wish I flew in to Charlotte more often!!
Nathan Fish did my boyfriend's tattoo and it turned out amazing.
But it was totally worth it.
\n\nReally, for the price, this is an excellent place to stay.
Food is good - I've had a few \""ok\"" meals (that's the only reason I'm giving this place a 4).
A clean station with helpful staff.
It was a flavorful, creeping sort of spice that increased with each bite.
There are also a couple of tables and chairs lining the sidewalk outside in case you want to stick around.
i had so much fun, and so did my guest!
One employee went so far as to ice his neck in hope to help him sober up, if nothing else at least remeber his name.
Did I mention the chicken dishes are all quite good.
\n\nService was great, if a little slow towards the end.
\n\nThe one thing I love about this place is the hot street food in front of the store every weekend!
Ok so I bought those ...
I like to shop by color since I don't wear too many yellows or purples.
The back patio filled with plants and water features is definitely one of the highlights during the warmer months.
Even as a vegetarian, I felt REALLY silly ordering \""orange wheat gluten\"" or \""sesame soy protein\"".
Around 10 of my friends already have their honorary plates on the ceiling, so I go there a lot for their unveiling parties.
If you come to this Value Village, than you must go into this good will!
I highly recommend this place if your in Charlotte.
If you're in the mood for it, it's pretty tasty.
Attended a seminar at this hotel recently and found it to be a great place for a corporate event.
You won't find a lot of frills and stereo typical sit down restaurant decor, but man do they have something more important, FLAVOR!
What great, friendly service.\nI stopped in to Eyemart Express to see if my favorite sunglasses could be fixed.
I used to live within walking distance and that was a treat!
This year at almost 3, he was able to do a lot more so we got to bang on the drums, build monsters & play with the vacuum tubes (which were his favorite).
And their database is amazing, they know everytime which table and server that we like to have.
Even wished my dad a happy birthday because he overheard us mentioning it being his birthday lunch.\n\nNeutral: Rosemary chicken was OK.
She even made a pretty good smoothie (healthy too) and offered plenty of fruit for breakfast.
We had someone go early and put in our names for a group of 10.\n\nWhen we finally got seated, our waitress was very nice and understanding since it is sometimes hard to order with the traditional German vernacular - Lots of pointing and the waitress finishing our sentences were involved.
Tried chicken lettuce wrap at my places but this place is one of my fave.
There were so many really interesting looking things on it that I wish I was with a bigger group so there could have been more ordering and sharing.
I have been eating at Zapata's since 2002, and like a fine wine, the place gets better with time.
If you bring a child under the age of 12 well, I think you may have to feed them from the dessert bar.
IIt is more expensive than your average Harris Teeter, but that is totally because of the great quality of the food.
The staff is very courteous, but I had a creeping feeling they were all \""egh a bunch of 22 year olds just walked in and they don't belong here.\""\n\nWe'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day.
I'm actually a co-op owner, because I strongly believe in what this place is contributing to the community.
The food is amazing and service has always been great.
Yes, please!\n\nFirst, I'd like to clarify that the sandwich is NOT as big as other reviews may make it out to be.
I didn't see a single English language book even though they were kind enough to let me look over their library.
Order your drink, order with a waitress, drink some more, get seated an hour later and enjoy.
Will definitely visit again instead of going to a larger chain for lunch!
Granted it's probably not the healthiest of food options, but they provide quick service at affordable prices.
Finally, yesterday my company took us their for lunch and I did not leave disappointed.
Luna has a lot of cute clothes!
Nice airport with free Wi FI and some very good restaurants.
The mussels with diablo sauce was also excellent.
Nice, extensive flavor offerings and quaint feel to it, but definitely overpriced.
Hanger Steak left a little to be desired though, but overall good choice.
And they're not shy about size.
It makes it easier to grab with the chopsticks =) Also they have less grisley pieces in this meatball Pho.
Perfect combination of down home feel, reasonable price and excellent quality mixed with neighborhood friendly service.
The front desk clerk was very personable, friendly and accomodating.
The Beer club is the best thign going in the area after a tueday at work.
A recent discovery of mine and I'm glad that I found it!
They also sometimes carry some more interesting things to plant.\n\nThe real reason you should visit here, though, is for the advice and expertise of the owners who know their neighborhood and the surroundings.
The braised lamb shoulder was flavorful, tender, and super rich.
It's a great and elegant place to have a group event.
This particular event was called the Free Fur All.
She goes there, and they treat her like she is one of their own.\nNow, having said this, we haven't taken advantage of the boarding or doggie day-care services.
The executive lounge is great and I hope to get upgraded next time I stay!
I love the funky metalwork throughout the club, even down to the drain covers in the bathrooms which coordinate with the mirrors on the wall.
Well breakfast won out but only by a fraction of a point as the southern fried chicken and mashed potatoes and green beans were definitely calling to me.
I'm thankful to the gentleman for reaching out to me.
He says this place has the best steak.
This place is every carb-loader's dream.
To boot they always are really cool with my niece's rolling into their store.
The second week they had a lemon tiramisu and it was a little slice of lemon heaven.
\n\nI have always felt like we have received the best possible service here.
After reading it on the menu, I didn't think it sounded like something I would like.
A bit loud but still was able to speak clearly.
Awesome food, awesome prices, awesome service!
\nWe ordered the red beans and rice, the lunch special, smoked pork chop, and the ribs appetizer.
The most chill, relaxing, artistic coffee shop in Madison.
I got Vegetarian B (...why do all Mexican restaurants follow the same formula for their vegetarian menus?) and it was good.
This is a great shop in Shadyside with a little something for everyone.
I love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.
That was a bit surprising, but fortunately the noise level was low, giving Soba a feeling of intimacy - great for a date!\n\nOur server was friendly, perky, and quick to recommend her favorite dishes.
If you're not much of a pork fan, I would go with the Chicken-katsu.
Both times I contented myself to watch the large numbers of people that enter through this pizza parlours doors while we waited on our order:\n\nFirst Trip only:\nGarlic bread\nHot wings\n\nBoth Trips:\nMeatballs (x2) and red sauce\nPepperoni Pizza with Extra Cheese (12\"" - 8 cut)\n\nThe meatballs, wings, and bread came out rather quickly.
The food is very good and consistent.
I have had most everything on the menu and have enjoyed it all.\n\nAside from the beer, it is the atmosphere that sells the place.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nNathan Fish did an amazing job with my tattoo and I couldn't have been more pleased with it.
served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce.
I had two IPAs that were good and reasonably priced.
We can't compete with the Denver airport with its super cool art shops and the fact that during one four hour layover I had a full steak meal complete with bison ribeye and a bottle of red wine.
Kards Unlimited seems to take great care in choosing store products for sale.
The Wood Street Galleries is a small gallery located in the heart of downtown above the T station.
\n\nObviously you'll get the traditional gyro's here as well, with the twist of the buffalo chicken one.
I've been going to Eddy for a few years now and he never fails to make my hair look a thousand times better than it does when walking in the door.
The reuben was great and they have Dr.
Sometimes parking is kind of an issue during busy periods, but it's worth it.
\n\nAfter your tips are dried, I recommend a snack and glass of wine at Beaudevin.
I was speechless once I took a bite of that cakey, breakfast goodness (the pancakes not the eggs!).
Just make sure to ask for the student discount because they won't give it to you automatically.
Unless you visit, you can't really wrap your head around ,the growth in the last part of the 20th and 21st century, understand what \""gentrification\"" and development has done to the historical character of the city, and how newcomers have vastly changed the cultural landscape.
I honestly can't get enough of this place.
I had one of the best breakfasts I have ever had here!
Both the atmosphere and food is excellent.
That's like putting ketchup on a Brat...absolute no, no :) \n\nMatt's, also located in Cornelius is great for a quick pit stop.
I mainly visit the bar at CQ and I can only come up with positive comments.
Served warm, loads of blueberries and blackberries, crumbly topping...YUM!
nothing else needed on top of the steak.
The servers are good at being friendly and thus doing their job.
A local joint, that just makes you comfortable and glad to be out.\n\nArrived about 6:30 on a Saturday, and found our way to the new back patio.
My boyfriend is obsessed with the create your own six pack from the beer cave.
I would return and I would recommend.
\n\nThe overall experience was excellent and the price is extremely reasonable.
A lot of my friends it seems are now getting married.
After you order, you continue down the aisle to the cash register - passing by chips, fountain soda, sweet tea, etc..
If you want a more relaxed, \""restaurant-y\"" atmosphere (and don't mind paying a few extra dollars), head over to the Bombay Grill on 1st.
The crepes are always cooked to perfection and the coffee is absolutely amazing.
Great service, great food plain and simple!
Definitely a better connection airport than Atlanta, Washington, or the New York airports.
New kitchen manager is making some great food these days!
Everything on their menu is good.
The bed was situated in such a way that it has you looking straight out those sliding glass doors once you're all tucked in - a really nice setup for a Courtyard.
delicious and came with a risotto that was amazing.
It's got that classic diner booth setup where the servers pass plates right from the center, and they're both friendly but abrupt like a diner should be.\n\nIf the coffee even tried to be good here I'd probably be here more often (they usually always keep it topped off!).
Everything is freshly prepared with good ingredients.
It has a large selection, good parking and the staff is knowledgeable and very friendly.
Bed was comfy, and the pool area was very family friendly.
Possibly the best kept vegetarian secret in Charlotte.\n\nWent for a \""romantic\"" birthday dinner.
AT LEAST 4 Hours of Fantastic PROFESSIONAL Chef's Time.
They had plenty of entertainment including a really awesome competitive teen cheer leading routine, children's choir, and great jazz band.
Last night I diverged from the \""usual\"" and ordered the chicken kabob instead of the 1/2 pound Goliath of meaty goodness.
The hot and sour soup is great, the ma po bean curd is the best I've ever had, and even their newest offering of pad thai is pretty good.
It's in a cool neighborhood too.
They fixed it quickly and put on 2 new tires, taking the time to explain my options and not at all pushing for the top of the line.\n\nAs good as it gets!!
Beautiful family, beautiful service, wonderful food (and wine).\n\nWe love you Monica!!!!\nLove always, your friends in CA
I felt like Mexican for lunch.
Food here is out of this world good.
Monty's is one of those places where you start going to as a little kid, and continue going to well past your 70s.
I've got a lot of fond memories from Hickory Tavern.
He takes pride in his work and makes sure the customer is satisfied with the piece before leaving the shop.
They have a good selection of organic and whole foods that don't break the bank, but the real draw is their selection of bulk foods.
The ambiance is great, with the traditional wood paneling everywhere.
I've eaten at Casbah four times since my first review - from cocktails and an appetizer to lunch, everything has exceeded my expectations and the service has been great every time: polite, helpful recommendations, and my glass is never empty.
And steer clear of the Carolina Blond beer yuck.
I picked 4 stars, which means, according to Yelp, \""yay!
The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu answering all our questions with ease.
The rooms are clean and comfortable.
The quality here is much better.
All those things aside, I love Whole Foods.
The wait staff speak English well, so nothing gets \""lost in translation\"" when ordering.
The bowl was filled with beautiful looking seafood: large shrimp, clams in their shells, mussels in their shells, a gorgeous piece of perfectly seasoned halibut, and enormous wonderfully cooked scallops.
A bit strong and salty but good every once in a while.\n1.5 - Home Fries\n2.5 - Red Skin Potatoes: glad to see some slightly healthier yet not too healthy side dishes here.
Love being so close to Lake Waubesa and watching the sunsets too.
My girlfriend and I had a baby with us and the environment was perfect for it.
Nothing wrong with that.\n-Food - I ordered the beet salad, carolina lump crab cake and hushpuppy crusted oyster grits off the Grits Bay menu.
The man that appeared to be the manager or owner, was helping in any way that he could.
The staff was very helpful and upbeat, but not in the annoying way, in a genuinely helpful way.
Luckily for me, today, there was a WWII reenactment happening this weekend.\n\nOn the night of July 9th, 1943, the Allied invasion of Sicily , codenamed Operation Husky, commenced.
Medium rare was really medium rare, and it was awesome!
Here is my updated review in which I have been into this store maybe three times in the past six months and the dude I have dealt with here has been generally very helpful.
\n\nThe rooms are somewhat dated but still nicely appointed.
Add on some true \""Pittsburgh\"" food (I'm talking about putting fries in a salad, oh yes!) and other yummy munchies like a super stuffed chicken quesadilla and our fun time was complete!
There is plenty of variety as well.
He was able to teach her all the basics and gave her a good foundation for her later training.
I'd be happy to work with him again.
Atmosphere is better than most Indian restaurants in town.
She even encouraged me to make it a bit shorter, which I was on the fence about, but ultimately decided to do once she pinned it up.
In some sense it was worth it, just be prepared.
Context is, of course, that I expected very little from this town, yet I've been completely surprised.
it felt like a much higher end hotel - also cost more than the typical hampton inn.
We eat here at least 4-5 times a year and it's always a great night with great service.
So my dad ate it and liked it.
Molly's Sesame Noodles on the salad bar is our favorite side dish to this prepared foods treat.
\nFor non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!
The pancakes are definitely the best item at this dive - the chocolate chip and pumpkin are to die for!
Great homemade chicken dumpling soup and a very tasty club sandwich.
Our guide was interesting, knowledgeable, and happy to respond to questions.
Prestogeorge is top of my list.
Not a big deal, unless you're like me and you don't typically carry cash.
She loved the eggs not such a big fan of the arugula salad (which I have had and liked).
You will have better luck getting seated quickly if you arrive by 10am.
Patio and inside seating are nice.
\n\nThe best \""chinese\"" food I've had in Charlotte thus far...\n\ndmo out
The grilled salmon was cooked perfectly with a wonderful coconut Thai sauce.
There is very limited seating.\n\nYou can call in your order and pick it up, too.\n\nDefinitely would recommend.
A great local, hole in the wall that serves the same dependable food day in and day out.
They always bring samples out to those waiting for a seat and offer coffee to hold people over when it's cold out.\n\nIf you're running solo or with one in tow, I recommend you check to see if there are spots at the bar (first come first serve).
The cook (guy in apron) was very friendly and kept coming back to us to see if we need anything.
I booked this hotel on Expedia at a great rate for one night while passing through.
I think it was like $2 for a single banana too.
I always love a good diner.
Best fried pork chop I've ever had.
This was our second time at Blue and it was just as good as the first time.
However, the \""tower\"" appetizers were fantastic!
Really no terrible views here.\n\nMy only downgrade here is for the weekend crowds that flock into this hotel.
I have stayed here before and the rooms are always great and this time I unfortunately got a room that must have had a party in it.
I have only had takeout from Tai Pei, but the chicken lo mein was delicious and the general tso's was the best I have ever had!
You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
I thought that the sweet sausage was the best part of it with the polenta being ok while my girlfriend really enjoyed the polenta.
Charming old theatre, featuring a small stage crowned with wings at the top and gathered drapes as a background.
Great little shop off of the interstate.
The Fettuccine Carbanara was very good; a thick cream sauce with bacon and ricotta.
The service was good and our waitress was very knowledgeable.
It gets crazy busy and parking can be tough since it's in a touristy location, but the lines move pretty quick as they always seem adequately staffed.\n\nUnfortunately, this location has a limited retail area.
Tech was on time and very courteous.
The price is great for what you get --19 locations locally!\n\nThe staff is friendly and accommodating.
This one is definitely in the top 10.
\n\n*two pieces of cod, fries and slaw
The place is small, but man the food is AMAZING!!!!!
\n\nWorking out/hitting the gym while I travel is very important to me.
The potatoes were great and the omelette was ok.
Our food came out fast and everyone was very pleasant.
The bread they bring you before the meal is great along with a nice fresh salad!
She was fantastic and listened and gave me exactly what I wanted.
This is a great place with good products that serves and caters to everyone.
I was a little cautious to go in because I thought everything was going to be super expensive, but it was all priced within normal ranges.
Sandy is a true professional and really listened to what I was saying about how my hair reacts to different things and they way I like it to look (unlike the other places I had gone, hence the tiger-head.) After a wonderful head massage during the deep conditioning treatment and a fantastic blow-out, i was on my way to face the world looking 100% better than when I walked in.
They've got your bar standards: tons of choices on tap, some dart boards, trivia night, sometimes even live music and with the Uni right across Tryon they've found themselves in the perfect locale.\n\nWhere they raise the bar is with the uniqueness factor.
If want a lounge experience, I highly suggest going to the bar which has couches as well as bar seats (better for groups), if you want an intimate conversation (2-4 people), I suggest being seated to the right.\n\nFood: We ordered the crispy tofu and mushroom & spinach dumplings for appetizers, the grilled salmon and spicy basil noodles for entrees, and shared the chocolate maki for dessert.\n\nCrispy Tofu: Must eat for vegetarians or meat eaters.
I especially recommend the beef short ribs (strong and complex flavors) and the fillet mignon (super tender and juicy).
I saw this picture online that I liked and printed it off as a basis for my tattooo.
Finally go to the Tip Top last night for dinner and had a great experience.
If you're looking for an honest mechanic to help your car last that much longer (as we all are), give Todd a call
Plan your arrival carefully though, as there is often a long wait for tables.
This Hardee's always has nice staff well whenever I have been there.
The spicy softshell crab roll was amazing and i stuffed it into my mouth as usual because its a larger sized sushi.
Always a pleasure to eat at this place.
She asked us a few questions about why we were in town and made me feel like I picked the right place to stay at.
The snack car is nice, for drinks, sandwiches, or candy.
For a proper experience be prepared to pay in excess of $200 per person for the entrees and wine pairing.
I have been eating these sandwiches for the better part of my life (I'm 45) and I still can't wait for the next one.
They are booked several weeks out, but worth the wait if you can.
My all time favorite dish is one of their specialties the \""Crispy Scallops\"".
I am a big fan of this place.
Programmed into our cell phone and it is ready by the time we drive by on our way home.
First visit to Thai Cuisine (interesting name, no?) and first visit to Pittsburgh, so that should set up this review nicely.
The downstairs has sort of open booths where you can just chat and upstairs is the dance floor, with an additional top floor.
However, I would definitely go back sometime!
I love coming to Panther games.........LOVE it!
My best friend/roommate and I absolutely love this place.
So glad we decided to stop by here!
I know that she will take good care of Sammie whenever I drop her off.
In any case, the crab sandwich was good-- nice, large chunks of crab.
\n\nWe came on a Saturday night without reservations, so we had to wait 45min :( Luckily time went by fast while I was on my phone looking at the Yelp reviews for this place.
Staff is very friendly, and store is always neat and clean.
These guys and gals a this shop are great.
Balsamic dressing, chestnuts, and great grilled chicken really stood out along with the goat cheese.
I think I should have come here with more people because already it was too much and too good just for two people.
My dog was so happy when I went to pick up, I think he was even smiling!
I also appreciated that it wasn't too spicy, something that has been hit or miss lately.\n\nWe were there on a Tuesday night in early August so I wasn't at all surprised that they were pretty slow.
Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say.
You can't go wrong w/their signature dishes, that's a no-brainer.
We were quickly seated by our very pleasant host and our waitress briefed us on the specials for the evening.
These people are nice and remember my mother and I everytime.
I absolutely love it!\n\nIf you haven't tried it, do it.
On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was good pizza.
Really amazing flavors between the bacon, scallops and the pumpkin.
When you're driving past Neil, it's pretty easy to miss initially because the store looks like it's located in an abandoned white warehouse, but just make sure to keep an eye out for the sign on their building.
It's a place that looks really nice yet had a friendly almost dive-y vibe.
Living close allows us to go there anytime we want, like having a theme park in our backyard!
We LOVE CoffeeWorks - they roast their own beans at a warehouse in Matthews and have a terrific selection of different roasts.
They have a great selection of polishes and the women do a great job.
And don't worry, you don't have to be an alum, just a fan.
The portion size is also Italian as well, no over flowing plates here, but that is how I wish more restaurants would do.
No, but among the best.\n\nServers are consistently friendly and efficient, and the dining area is always clean.
I don't consider these detriments because this store perfectly suits my needs.
Date of Original Review: 09/11/2014\n*Based off of visits from August 2012 - May 2014\n\nMurphy's Pub is an awesome place to be any day or night of the week.
I don't usually have the opportunity to meet clients in the university area, but was greatly delighted with this Hilton.
I'm not a big cornbread fan, but slap some butter on this stuff and it's quite amazing.\n\nOur server recommended the ribs, and so I ordered them with the yardbird, mac and cheese and greens.
This is one of the best, intelligent displays/educational interactions of birds of prey I have ever seen.
I got in the car and started driving when the smell of the chicken completely overwhelmed me.
The food is excellent and the portions are large (the mussels appetizer could be a meal) so you aren't left feeling hungry and bitter and when the $$$ check shows up.
Oozing with buttery cheesy goodness and a touch of the topping that had baked up brown and I may as well have died and gone to heaven.\n\nOf course I could not finish all the food.
Let's not forget that every time I went they were offering complimentary wine, pouring us full glasses of it.
These are both pretty good and would definitely recommend them, but they're just not the same!!!\n\nI HIGHLY RECOMMEND The Warm Goat Cheese and Marscapone Dip!
The surrounding area had very nice places to eat and shop.
They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm)\n-Cash only\n-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack\n-About those homefries: They're often undercooked.
If you have issues, they will take the time needed to help you fix the problem to your satisfaction.
They play faster than average with a low bounce unless you're a heavy top-spin hitter.
This word-\""crafts\""-can mean many things and with sticky, crossed fingers I darted across the busy intersection to investigate.\n\nI think the best place to enter this gallery is from 21st ST.
I dig the melting pot, i mean, its fun.
The work seems to have been done as expected; I checked the spark plugs, new S-belt...everything seemed in order.\n\nThe price wasn't brutal.
You will thank me as you're rolling yourself outta there!
I am looking forward to the chance to go here again.
They have valet parking which is great because it takes the stress out of trying to find parking.\n\nUpon entering I almost fainted at the smells and views of this place.
Beyond the fact that your waitresses are gorgeous smiling Beer Goddesses wearing short short skirts and knee-hi stockings...
Within an hour (enough time for me to grab lunch and fill up my tank) my suit was done and better than I expected.
China Garden appears to be your run of the mill Chinese take out place (standard menu, decor, etc) , but I was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was.
Food was excellent and our server was exceptional.
Should it be Sweet Tater Tots?
I have now converted one friend to using this as their main place and I'm working on another as well.
They are ready and willing to cater to any need.
Definitely a great way to entertain 50-100 people.\n\nI hadn't been to a game in a while and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the turnout.
I couldn't let worry prolong the inevitable, however, with grey starting to peek out and ends beginning to split, so I did what anyone would do by asking around, reading reviews online and praying.
They are knowledgable and happy to help.
With that being accepted it took me at least 20 - 30 min to get thru check out and out the door.
The bar is very dark but a lot of my friends love this place and whenever alumni came back, we would definitely go here and make them pay for our drinks.
LaTorre's is one of my favorite lunch spots and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't been!
I like this place it provides a great atmosphere and can handle big groups.
Interior is great, looks like an authentic pub.
Yes, there's the sweet-tartness of cherry, but there's also a spice kick that put sweat on my brow (I requested it extra-spicy) and a panoply of other spice notes throughout.\n\nOh, and the hot and sour soup is actually spicy and brilliantly sour.
Diner food is what's up and I like it.
\n\nFood was well cooked and fresh ingredients - it was worth sitting outside!
I didn't get to browse long, but I was there long enough to see 2 new books I want to read.
The other day I was telling my Yelp friend Mike O.
\n\nThey have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time.
It is a chain, but it feels more like a local bar.
Excellent variety of chocolates from throughout the US as well as tons of international options.
Oh and don't forget to bring sandals while walking around.
For such a delicious dirty martini, though, full price was ok- occasionally.
This is one of my fav Clt restaurants!!
You know it is a good deal when my dad gets the check and his first words are, \""That's all?!\"" So with that being said, it is pretty affordable too.
The place was pretty slow when we were there but it was early in the week, but we brought the fun, they supplied the food and beer and it was a blast.
Other than that, and the rough handling of feet during the pedicure, all my experiences here have been top notch.
For two days I wondered how I burned my mouth.\n\nService is great, and friendly.
The 3D sharks movie is great, too!
For my most recent lunch visit, I decided to change it up a bit and went for the cheesesteak with a side of boiled red potatoes.\n\nI chuckled when my food arrived.
The restroom was super spacious and decked out in white & grey marble.
The worst part of Le Peep is they aren't open for dinner, which only gives those of us who work during the week two days to enjoy all the delicious fare served up by Le Peep!\n\nOtherwise, I can't complain.
Food was very delicious but it's hard to swallow the price tags.
Thursday through Saturday requires a cover, but it's only $1, so can't complain there.\n\nMy only gripe is that the beer garden could use better lighting.
Clean, well maintained but nothing shiny or fancy here.
\n\nExcuse me while I enjoy my nuts.
Our server was attentive all night, even though the restaurant was super busy all night.
I am a fan of Bed Bath & Beyond and this is a great location.
\n\nFirst the Food options are not bad.
Each time I've tried gnocchi, it's been prepared al-dente which imo has made it too much on the chewy side.
But if you want to sit back with friends and enjoy some non-overpriced beverages, this is the place for you.
\n\nYou won't regret popping in here as the owners take pride in their shop and keep it clean and all food fresh though note there is a $10 minimum for credit card.
With celiac disease, I was very happy to see they've added gluten free pasta to their menu.
\n\nAdditional appetizers and salads, such as the Fried Calamari & the Sicilian Roasted Pepper Salad, are also very, very good.
solid pizza at a great price.
It's a light pad this, not thick and gloopy, so your friends who only know to eat the pad Thai (assuming you have such friends) won't feel overloaded by their dinner.
The patties were well seasoned - something many burger joints can't seem to figure out.
You can drink to your delight a pint-sized sampling of a couple hundred *different* beers to claim your own fame-plate on the wall.
Free WiFi, charging stations, ramps, this airport has got it all.
It was a 65% positive experience.
The menu selection is vast - we counted at least 6 or 7 solid fish fry options, from shrimp to Lake Perch to Walleye.
The waitress was cheerful and attentive, and the manager stopped by to check on us, which is always appreciated.
Easy to get between the two buildings.
Looking forward to trying other dishes on the menu but so far, it's been good.
Great service, educated stylists regardless of what level they are.
Started off with a great Caesar's salad (Insalata \""Cesare\"" alla Lidia), followed by three pasta dishes, and ended with an interesting choice for dessert.
I mean it is huge and has a lot of shopping options.
\n\nIt's definitely comparable to Coffee Tree Roasters a few storefronts down, and definitely better than Starbucks.
This place has always been a favorite of mine.
We started with the Charcuterie platter, which was a mix of absolutely delicious prosciutto, capicola, and soppressata with a bit of veggies and mozzarella.
If you can't find something you're looking for - you can simply ask one of the CJ personnel making rounds to make sure you've found what you're looking for.\n\nI was looking for a bi fold door few weeks ago and found exactly what I was looking for less than $15.
the best night sleep I've ever had while on vacation.
I am a vegetarian, and I love that they have such a good variety of dishes available without meat.
We eat with our eyes, nose, taste and tactile feel so while this tasted good it didn't do so well on the other requirements.\n\nThe mushroom and spinach dumplings were actually very blah, relying on the red pepper dipping sauce for their flavor.
\n\nTwelve taps, good cocktails, great service and a friendly atmosphere.
Very small, old school feel, perfectly dim lighting.
The food is pretty good too!
I had to say that in capital letters just to get my point across how good Mert's is!
The experience would've made me give the location a worse rating, but one bad experience hasn't outweighed the countless positives: good meals, solid service (especially at the bar), and great takeout service for large orders and smaller ones.\n\nThe only other knock on this location - and it applies to every PF Chang's I've been to - is the insane wait that you'll encounter at dinner time.
However, our server was very friendly and attentive - and they also give you your coffee in a to go cup after you finish your sit down breakfast.
Rest assured, they were anything but.
Odd for a polish meal to be on the menu, but it was delicious.
I enjoyed my fish and chips, but my boyfriend didn't care much for his pasta--too rich and overwhelming.
Very nice with a cute, homey, warm, dining room.
\n\nI spent around $100 on products and for a haircut, wash, blow dry and style was $30 which is a great price!
It was really good food and the prices were great!\n\nOh yeah, the Pickles were excellent and HUGE!
I especially liked the Port Wine...reminded me of grandma's house, and the Horseradish.\n\nWe each had a sandwich and enjoyed them!
It's a nice reprieve to be able to sit down in a comfy chair and watch some TV while your clothes are washing or drying.
I had to try a bit of everything and yes, I was that person walking back to my table with two plates.\n\nMy entree was duck gnocchi.
\n- Pumpkin waffle with maple ice cream: festive fall dessert and presentation with berries scattered all around.
Every night there was an amazing adventure!
The best thing about the meal was the service.
10 years ago I came in regularly and enjoyed.
However, this was why the meal was a pleasant surprise, as the Collard Greens were seasoned excellently.
I love eating in the bar, because it is so posh and yet kick back at the same time.
They take your order quickly at Page and your order will actually be up impressively fast for the amount of people ordering thanks to Page Dairy Mart's army of ice cream servers on staff.
\n\nAlso their mini jukeboxes are incredibly cute so if you're feeling extremely nostalgic of the '40's then I'd go here.
I could definitely see myself here years from now shaking my head disapprovingly at the rowdy young'un's over my newspaper (aka some form of electronic tablet at that point).\n\nMonty's serves up some classic breakfast items, including the standard buttermilk pancakes, bottomless coffee (sorry millenniums, no mimosas here) and various omelets.\n\nThe servers here are extremely down to earth and friendly, and their chefs cook a mean meatloaf (highly recommended).
T-Bones is always a fun spot to hangout with a nice view of Lake Wylie, but I will say that the food is mediocre.
I ended up getting a hazelnut apricot cake good for about 8 to 10 people for only 16 bucks.
(Thank you Dora for teaching me something.)\nVery kid friendly and very speedy!
I had to ask for them to make special accommodations, which the gladly obliged.
Also they have a loyalty card which is always a good thing!
When I heard about the slightly sweet sauce served on a Fiori's Pizza, I was doubtful about whether or not this would be a place for me.
The beef and broccoli was my personal favorite, but all of the dishes were quite good.
This resulkts in this airport being actually great for layovers.
betcha a cat would go ape in a place like this.
Next door to an amazing liquor store!
It has this cavernous feel(in a good, cozy romantic way--not a dank, moldy creepy way) with nice lighting and just all around nice ambiance.
\n\nThe cappuccino was also very good.
Fantastic vegetarian and nonvegetarian food alike, great ice cream, adult beverage selection is to die for.
I would ask for her if you have the opportunity and she was the waitress on shift.
Comfortable and restful before the drive home.
I also love the access from the bike path.
The free wifi and coffee from the cafe car make the trip even more enjoyable!
You've all heard of helicopter parenting, yeah?
I got the apple cinnamon ones - they are crispy yet fluffy with apples that taste very fresh and just the right amount of cinnamon.
I've only transferred through here so cannot speak of the security and checkin services.
The seaseme fried tofu was perfect.
\n\nThe best thing about this place is the management.
It's a good time though and their menu is pretty diverse.
They aren't all gushy over my animals, but they do a good job of making them comfortable.
It would be a great place to study, read, or visit with friends.\n\nYou should expect to wait a few minutes for your drink, but it is well worth it :-)
Well, everything is just grand in Pittsburgh when the October weather is so beautiful!!
The peanut butter topping was fluffy and sweet.
My friend and I went for soup and appetizers--and licked the plates clean!
\n\nDarlene and her staff (one other person who I've never met but must be equally as amazing), are just the BOMB plain and simple.
Our room had an amazing view of downtown, but I did notice that the comforter was not clean.
That turquoise counter has never felt so good to lean my elbows on as last night.
There's also an outdoor patio that would be nice if it's not too hot out (drinking hot tea in 80 degrees isn't too appealing).
The food is absolutely delish, but be warned - your clothes and hair will smell of southern-fried goodness when you leave.
I LOVED mine - it was purple!
Do not go here if you want a fine dining experience.
The people who eat/drink there are always there to just have a good time while enjoying having a few great beers.\nI recommend this place for anyone that just wants a beer, anyone who loves hot dogs, etc.
They chicken was so juicy and cooked perfectly, with pineapple sauce on top and rice pilaf underneath.
Anyone that walks past your table will fill your glass or take your empty plate.\n\nThe atmosphere is very nice.
So far, they have saved me about $300 over what Metro Honda was going to charge me for the same services.
This place is like my second home.
I personally still prefer my Detroit Institute of Art, but this museum is still nice.
\n\nIn terms of atmosphere, it is more casual but in a classy, Italian way, not a sports bar type of way.
better than 20/20.\n\nToday was my one month follow up and my vision is 20/15.\n\nI can see my alarm clock, go swimming, travel with ease...
Came here for a work function so we had the back patio to ourselves which was amazing, because it overlooked a beautiful courtyard.
It's waaaay bigger than LAX in Los Angeles, and has so many really nice stores that you can forget that you were actually in an airport.\n\nI was simply changing flights, and didn't have much time to do any shopping, but this is a place that someone could spend the afternoon shopping in.
my favorite restaurant of ANY variety here in town.
Service was quick and brisk, waited about 25 minutes on a Sunday morning, which was not bad but it was raining this day.
Is absolutely my favorite place in Pittsburgh.
Klavon, the grandson (I think) of the original owner, still runs the place.
Which offers a huge variety of Caribbean food that they prepare fresh daily.
It maybe a bit pricey, but very worth it, if you are a fan of amazing service and work!
Smeared on is Tobiko (flying fish eggs) with its bright orange color.
It came out just the way I wanted it, with just a hint of pink in the middle, and full of delicious juices.
Usually an order will take about a week for them to get to, but if you need it right away and you ask nicely, they can fix something while you wait.
My wife and I like this place.
Sam Bok sells really good cabbage and radish kimchi that you can pick up anytime.
I was recently privileged to receive free tickets for myself and a friend to the play, \""The Divine Sister,\"" courtesy of Yelp Elite.
That's a dish we hardly ever get when its just the two of us, because it can be a bit generic, a safe choice for those that don't know or really like Thai food.
I was expecting pretty limited options for food as this is a smaller stadium but they really have everything you can get at an MLB game.
In my pre-gluten-free life, I would have really enjoyed the extensive beer selection.
My very first review, be gentle, here goes:\n\nConfession, I joined Yelp one time specifically because of this place!
Thank goodness the doctors and nurses in the back know what's going on.
Walk across the street grab yourself some cash and get here for a nice sandwich.
Super nice staff and nostalgic feel made this a great treat after our mega jump!
Atmosphere was good and busy but that is likely because of it being Valentines day.
I recently visited this eye doctor after moving to the area, and had a great experience.
Also their wine tasting is a lot of fun and interesting when I want to play adult for a night.
Lunch specials are a great deal- about 9-10 bucks for lemongrass soup (spicy broth with cilantro, mushrooms and tomatoes), a spring roll and entree.
The food is so good, that every time my girlfriend and I consider going to any other restuarant, we would have to consider the huge opportunity cost of not going to Louisianne's.\n\nThe place is dungeon-esque, but not in a bad way.
This place is a nice hometown \""big\"" bar.
\n\nThe menu was a bit confusing to start since it was their full menu with various upcharges for certain items.
We've eaten here well over a dozen times and have always enjoyed our experiences here.\n\nThe sandwiches are killer!!!!
Overall, an airport that's rapidly improving.
We opted for the \""Premiere\"" which was the 5 courses for $79 each.\n\nThe house was beautifully decorated with a Christmas tree in each room each with a different theme.
The food and drink selections are great and fairly priced.
I don't know why it's so good.
Ever since I got an office in Monona I've been looking for a great lunch place.
\n\nI enjoyed Maharani last night again.
Near the bathrooms they even have a huge buffalo standing guard.
I have been to this TGIF at least 10 times with my wife, and I will be coming back.
All the staff was friendly too.
\n\nThe desserts, what do you choose when you have a choice of German Chocolate, Red Velvet, Sweet Potato, Coconut Cake, Pound cake, Banana Pudding, along with Peach, Apple, & Blueberry Cobblers!
The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.
The ambiance is grand-folk friendly and if you don't have a problem with that, you'll be good to go.
The asparagus and mashed potatos are also solid side choices.\n\nDessert (my favorite course): get the cheesecake; you will not regret it.
They had things like Chittlins, Pig Feet, Oxtails, stuff you don't find anywhere else.
As far as airports are concerned, this one stacks up well.
It is nothing crazy, no fancy name but truthfully one of the best piece of classic apple you can find around here.
We had it again the second time and it was exceptional again.\n\nOur second dish was a whole spicy fish, which was also very good, and a nice compliment to the curry.
They seem to have gone through a makeover since I graduated, and now it is much better lit, though the much-beloved couch is no longer.\nUptown Coffee is a great alternative to Starbucks and a great place to spend a few hours catching up with friends.
As soon as we entered, it was clear that this place had a lot more ambiance.
At my first visit we talked about my hair, what issues I have, and she promised to research various solutions to provide me with awesome hair.
The crowd here is mature and casually well-dressed.
Primantis is the ideal Pittsburgh sandwich.
I'm humbled by what I have learned, and I have become a 100000000% BETTER home chef because of it!
Generally speaking, car repairs suck but the mechanics here make the process here easier.
Their choices are more on the crunchy/hippie side than the high-end gourmet side of things, and it's nice to shop for vegetables without having to turn something down because it's not organic...most of the produce is.
Anyone looking for a friendly environment with good service and great sound should definately check this place out.
To explain our devotion to this place, I should say that we drove down from Butler in order to get our crepes fix before our friend's early afternoon wedding.
when you walk into tram's, you'll be seated and handed menus and approximately 45 seconds later be asked if you're ready to order yet.
\nMy fritata was good and the home fries were good too.\nJust get there before noon, if you want breakfast.
My husband made me feel better by saying it is vacation, don't stress about it.
Bob, Vicky, and their daughter Lori go out of their way to make people happy.
Again, prices are a little higher for the basically self-serve food items, but sometimes you've just gotta support your local non-chain markets.
Drinks are always prepared expeditiously and for the most part, all the folks who work there are pretty friendly all the time.
Both came with homemade biscuit- I'm in love with this biscuit right away!
The friendly, knowledgeable staff makes getting your car's booboo fixed as painless as possible.
An excellent breakfast served by friendly and knowledgable staff.\n\nI've had nearly everything on the menu and it's all excellent.
During a short wait, I sipped a heavenly hot chocolate.
It was not extravagantly delicious but nice.
She did a great job esp with my cuticles!
The Inn is a series of nicely renovated apartment buildings, so they are all equipped with well-stocked kitchens (my husband is a chef so he was very impressed by that).
They do make an excellent Pizza when ever they do decide to open which seems like between 11am and 11:30 or when ever they get around to it I guess.
They always have a few good drafts on top of the normal college bar cheap, watered down stuff.
I am hoping to return there to have our wedding rings made.
One of the biggest attractions, though is Scarowinds at Halloween, a park-wide haunted trail for which they strengthen their workforce with several dozen seasonal actors to scare you throughout the night.\n\nAlso like others have said, if you're local, get a season pass.
Mimosa Grill, when you find it behind the vibrant inner city party scene of Charlotte is one of my favorite New Southern Cuisine spots with impeccable service, creatively presented fresh seafood and a yuppy vibe that feels good.
The pictures for each dish are closer to the ways that the dishes actually look rather than some corporate artist's fantasy.\n\nI had an omelet with red velvet pancakes & sweet tea.
If you can't make it across the pond then the Waldhorn is a trip worth making.
and it's really hard to get it nice and thin.\n\nI like how the seating works too because you order and then sit down..
really yummy, all the car hops are super nice and quick!
It was everything I'd hoped for.
They were also done to perfection and the sauce had more flavor.
\n\nAt CLT there are options throughout the airport and a central hub that makes getting around easy without the trams and monorails other airports require, which is great when you're in a hurry.
The place gets packed on weekends and around holidays.
\n\nThe best part about this location was the staff.
This is not the place to go if you are dieting as they are GENEROUS with the butter.
The waitresses do a great job with the specials and describing the menu.
Thankfully, it was also the only time that maki made any sort of an appearance at the table.
The wine list is extensive and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
When I drove up to it, it brought back yummy memories.
I love the wine bar Beaudevin.
\n\nEven though I said I was generous with the stars I do consider myself a fan.
We never felt rushed and the evening was very relaxing and pleasant.
Love the atmosphere and martini menu here.
I loved the decor and it made great back drops for my photography.\n\n2- The rooms had adjoining doors which made it very easy for our guests to mingle.\n\n3- Jay Jay at the front desk was so friendly and helpful.
It was the perfect ratio of pasta to broth and it was not heavy on the salt which is a good sign--you know the kitchen staff TASTES the food before serving it!
The wife and I eat well for $20.
The staff is a real cast of characters (don't miss the steelers tattoos!!!
The food is really, really good and I believe it is very well priced for what you get.
\n\nBig rooms with unbelievably comfortable beds.
If I wasn't on the clock I would jump on the 99cent draft special.
This place is a cool place in Charlotte.
This is quite a value, plus everything was delicious.
I live in Chicago and work in a famous Mexican restaurant and I get up to Wisconsin for the old school steak and butter as much as possible: it gives me the energy to do my job.
I mean, it has to be good, but it doesn't have be gourmet poutine, if you know what I'm sayin'?
\n\nI had a beer and a very good whisky sour.
I am new to Madison and everyone can't stop talking about what an experience it is to shop here.
What impresses me is that every few years they renovate, expand, freshen up or add something new.
You get two, they're huge, warm, salty and soft - if you're on a date and you don't get this, don't expect a second date.
It is pricey though so plan to spend a pretty penny.
The service was fine, and I liked the decor.
\n\nMy advice for people coming here is to order a bunch of appetizers to share.
All the Italian nostalgia in there is fun to look at while you wait.\n\nWe got a veggie muffaletta, grilled panini, and a Chicago style Vienna all beef hot dog.\n\nVeggie Muffaletta ($5.25)~ Wow!
Although the few times I was here, there was barely anybody else there besides the group I dragged along and the band's friends.
The veggie wrap, Greek breakfast burrito and the caprese sandwich are terrific.
I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great.
The Executive Chef, Scott Wallen is super talented and has a great staff in the kitchen, pressing out dishes that just work!
Really flavorful with a great balance of ingredients.
\n\nI always marvel at their selection of coffees, the different types of beans and roasts.
The room was made up clean every day much to our satisfaction.
\nSilky's in Bloomfield also has plenty of tables and bar stools and isn't over run with drunk yinzers it attracts a mix of college students, young professionals, and old dudes from the Bloomfield area.
It is definitely a \""comfort food\"" type of restaurant for me, cheap and cozy and consistent.
Love the Italian Beef, Char Dog and Fire Dog as well.\n\nThis location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do.
I rarely receive the opportunity to go out for drinks after shows because some of my friends who I attend shows with tire out early (lame) or don't really go to bars ever (even lamer), so I was excited to finally have the opportunity to imbibe a few in a classy setting downtown.\n\nGiven that it was my birthday, I knew exactly what I wanted drink-wise, thanks to Rachel C.'s review: the cake batter martini!
Best pizza I've eaten in Pennsylvania, the Margareta with imported tomatoes and sauce is, in itself, amazing.
During late summer, they also have a wine event called The Generous Pour.
However, they stopped making the homemade ice cream sandwiches because they don't have the wafers :( Still a nice treat.
I also took a square of baklava home and again it was the best I have ever had anywhere.
I chose to get the chips as my side and they were not homemade, something I was hoping for since all the other food was of such high quality.
Food was very good and reasonably priced.
First time flying US Airways was and pleased at the experience.
Will certainly be back, though they need to pave the cart pathways....
I love all the sauces they give you.
One of the largest in the country, you have to see this Y to truly understand the magnitude of it.
I had the gnocchi, which comes with duck ragu - fantastic!
I've been in and out of this airport for years, both as a Charlotte resident and as a transfer hub, and I've never had a bad experience.\n\nMy favorite airport moment at Charlotte-Douglass was when I returned late one night and had to get to my car, which was parked in the remote lot.
\n\nOrder off the authentic (right-hand) side of the wall, insist you want it cooked authentically, and I think you'll go home happy.
I really hope that Pegasus comes back because Pittsburgh needs it!
Man I wish there was a joint like this in SF!
Sandy, a stylist at Modern, was not only one of the nicest people I've ever met, but she did an outstanding job on my hair.
However, he is so cute that I'm sure someone else would have adopted him...\n\nThe shelter itself is large and the volunteers and vet-techs that you interact with are very friendly.
If you are a FETA fan, please i beg you to try the French Feta.
I'm not sure if it was Jon I met there a few times, but the man behind the counter was helpful and funny.
Friends, if you are going to Pittsburgh and don't stop by Pizza Perfectta, you are missing out on service and food combined that is must have.
I was referred to this dentist by a friend that swore that she was the best.
They're not going for a Michelin Star here and the goal is to serve good, consistent food day in and day out.
The potstickers were good, just wish they were a LITTLE more crispy.
If you are in the market for a Cannondale in the South Hills this place has better customer service BY FAR than the other South Hills Cannondale dealer.
\n\nAppetizers to try are; the cheese plate, Sweet & Sour Calamari (my fav) and their Mussel Pot.
The mussels were outstanding and the staff was very professional!!.
The Downtown location gave me a free portion of fries because I had to wait about 30 seconds longer than they said I would have to wait.
Good Indian food and a great value for lunch.
\n\nWe shared a Combination Meal ($17.75) that included our choice of 1/3 Slab, Smoked Pork Shoulder Sandwich, and extra serving of smoked pork shoulder, Cole Slaw, and BBQ Baked Beans.
Sure, it's not exactly a \""Mediterranean\"" restaurant, but who cares?
The pancakes looked awesome and I would get them next.
I recommend the fried chicken, catfish, yams and mac-n-cheese.
Although for a fish sandwich and fries you'll probably drop about $10, I think its definitely worth it.
Their portions, as I recall, are huge for the price you're paying, and the stuff is delicious.
A friend and I came here last month for a car show and had a pretty good time.
\n\nIt's a great place to bring guests if you want to head off to a chill and unexpected place.
This place was recommended by an employee at Evolve spa across the street and I was very happy with the restaurant.
The chicken is moist, macaroni is rich, and the collards are full of flavor.
If you live in Shadyside, make sure to check this place out.\n\n...oh and they sell Enrico's biscottis.
The food here is very good.
This is our favorite neighborhood restaurant.
We couldn't care less if we won a prize (we never did) we just wanted to see how fast we could throw.
The gentleman that I spoke with went through the collection car by car, giving an enormous amount of detail and history for each vehicle.
Haven't been to TGIFridays for years and was never really a huge fan.
\nThe gym was clean and spacious, and also empty most of the time, which I loved.
I like the other ones better as they are often faster at preparing food than this one.
\n\nA huge plus is the staff.
They've got a great selection of cigars AND pipes.
I got the Salsa Burger subbed with a turkey burger and it was delicious.
The chicken had good flavor and just a hint of spice.
Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious.
They have countless options and their menu is large, seeing that it spreads across half the damn store.\n\nI am a fan of their authentic Chinese food, but their non-traditional Chinese food is even better and this is the only place in Urbana-Champaign that reminds me of Chinese restaurants in Chicago.
and I see this place as the single best way to educate John Q.
You can't go wrong, ordering that.
Unlike other delis/lunch spots, you should keep your sandwich simple, because the ingredients and toppings are so fresh and flavorful it would be a shame to spoil the fun.
5 stars here for the perfectly chilled raspberries, blackberries and strawberries and a just sweet enough creme to dip them in.\n\nService was friendly, professional and not too stuffy the way it can feel at some other high end steakhouses in town.
I'm not a fan of beer but can appreciate a vast selection.
The gyro, lamb burger, french fries with rosemary dip, flat breads are all excellent and won't disappoint!
\n\nIf you are an Italian fan and a bit tired of the chain restaurants such as Olive Garden and Carabba's, you should take a chance and check out Mama's.
My husband's favorite is Chicken Tikka Massala - which they had on the buffet.
For those of you hummus fans, you need to get this as an appetizer, it is excellent.
When I arrived to my room, I was very pleasantly surprised.
Mothers day always has something sweet going on.\nGo see this special place.
\n\nCurds were excellent - not your typical \""from the bag\"" curds, which was a nice surprise.
But whenever that happens I look at it as a donation to one of my favorite local businesses in Charlotte.
\n\nThanks to the honest wait staff it was returned to the managers who I contacted and had the pleasure of speaking with Curtis Stevenson who took down my address and promptly mailed it back to me.\n\nI appreciate Curtis taking the time to return my valuable tool to me immediately.\nHe understood my needs and took fantastic care of his customer.\nThanks Harper's and especially Curtis Stevenson!
The two best things on the menu are the BBQ chicken (note that this is fried chicken dipped in BBQ sauce) and the onion rings.
The best is the people there, Barbers and Customers.
Unfortunately I hogged pretty much all of the corn dog since it was AMAZING!!!
The daily specials are usually pretty great as well.
He's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture.
and how we enjoyed where we stayed just as much.
For starters, I love that they have the traditional thin waffle.
My girlfriend and I just had great experience with Travis at fu's.
The parking garage across the street was very convenient and reasonably priced.\n\nWhen I checked out, I accidentally left my cell phone charger plugged into the wall and my raincoat in the closet (clearly I was in a hurry in the morning and not very careful!) I called the hotel that night and they were very nice and said someone from Housekeeping would get back to me the next day.
Gallo Miller is one of the best auto body repair shops I have ever used!
They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat.
The burgers are amazing and ridiculously reasonable!
Loved the carpaccio, a must have,
He wasn't even supposed to be on the floor yet when we got there, but they were super helpful and brought him out to us and let us take him home.
Me don't want no pot belly.
Meticulously organized and a great selection.
Although many have said that this is pretty much a 'meathead' joint/sausage fest, I think the same could be said of other shadyside bars (william penn, doc's, etc.) \n\nI give the saloon four stars because it's near my house, has cheap drinks, and plenty of space.
Quick, friendly, great car selections and they give you the option to choose which car you would like from their lot.
We have arguably the best Thai, Indian, Nepali, Jamaican, Japanese, Chinese and American restaurants in town.
This was another \""Yay my birthday is during restaurant week!\"" dinner for me.
Gets busy at brunch time on the weekends.\n\nQuiet Storm gets 4 for its food, 5 for cool factor, and 5 overall.
The main goal was to get some fresh meat and milk; let's face it - those are two items you don't want to get from an Aldi's or a Woodman's.
Until now, I thought good sushi in Champaign was wishful thinking.
This place feels like home - a home built of tires and bolts and lots of unidentifiable bicycle parts.
I've become good friends with one of my instructors and his wife (who also teaches there).\n\nI'm telling you that this is a DEAL of DEALs.
Still, they get the friedness of the noodles right, and there are precious few ...
This place is by far my favorite bfast/brunch spot.
I love having exciting draft beer choices!\n\nThe food is really good too!
I flew through on a connecting flight, so keep in mind that I never got to see anything between the ticket counters and metal detectors.\n\nOverall, the airport is very clean, doesn't smell weird, and the staff is very courteous.
Anyone who knows me knows that I love the outside.
Outside seating in mild weather is awesome.
This place will give you the best fish sandwich in Pittsburgh.
\n\nAll in all, I'd definitely return and recommend a visit to anyone!
I recommend the lengua with their homemade hot sauce.
Thats right, Han Solo/Indian Jones himself walks in, by himself and treats himself to the delicious Hooters cuisine.
Girasole walking back and forth, checking how you like your meal and pouring more wine.
But it was good and their customer service was good.
Rock climbing is a great activity to engage in with your friends and family,(perfect place to take the kids) what better way to build camaraderie than by pushing the limits and living on the edge (all in a safe and controlled environment).
Such a nice change for a morning person like me since many things in Charlotte don't seem to be open early on the wknd!
The mood lighting is dark but warm, and along with the decor gives this place a nice, cozy, romantic feel.\n\nWe had an 8:30 pm dinner reservation, so most of the people already there were finishing up as we came in.
Good blend of Mediterranean cuisine with noticable, French, Spanish, Maltese and Italian influences.
It is small as some people have claimed, but it's a great place to exchange books and find new things.
I settled for a gorgeous bright orange crystal necklace...for the time...\n\nI was back in the area a few days ago and the coat was still haunting my dreams.
Sometimes difficult to find a table for large parties.
I had the buffalo chicken sandwich--the chicken was grilled just right without being too dry, and the buffalo sauce was perfect (hot, but not overwhelmingly so).
But overall a great, affordable addition to Charlotte restaurants.
My brother once bought a Pittsburgh Gladiators T-shirt and a Pittsburgh Pirhanas jersey here.\n\nSo this is the place to be in Shadyside when you want vintage.
I have followed him from different salons and was so happy when he landed at Salon Cercone.
She enjoyed each, having a second helping of only one of the three, because they give you enough on the first go around.
The pho is great, as are all of the dishes I've tried here.
Good Hibachi, MaiTai was fantastic and the service was efficient and family friendly.
I normally go for grown and sexy but I was in for a different vibe.
The food is good and it comes out fast.
Great pricing and place for piercing, in the case of my tragus and 2nd lobe piercings.
I must admit that the facility does have its priorities in order.
It is a tiny bit cramped when there are several people loading up plates, but everyone was understanding and laughed off the occasional bumps.
If only my hotel had a mini fridge, I could have taken my leftovers back to my room.\n\nThe wait staff is super friendly.
My friends dishes were also great, especially the lasagna which was massive.\n\nA nice comfort Italian joint with some unique twists and lovely service.
\n\nKinda dim and loud in there...it is a bar after all, and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls.
This is probably the best choice for accommodations if you have to go to the convention center a lot since there is an air-conditioned pedestrian bridge link between the hotel and convention center.\n\nI thought the room and beds were comfortable.
Went here during speed street for a drink with some friends so it was likely not a typical night, but we had a great time.
One of my favorite local eateries.
One of my favorite Chinese joints in college.
Doug our server was fantastic, he was very knowledgeble on all the menu items.
I definitely did not leave hungry.
The bulk tea selection is also impressive.
The soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto.
but i always leave feeling like something is missing.
\n\nAnyway, outside the station was a bit sketchy but when I walked in it was clean and like other reviews have said \""old and historic\"" Lots of wooden benches, a couple vending machines and the bathroom but hey what more could you ask for while you wait.
I'm so glad I decided to have dinner at Miquel's tonight.
I met a few friends on the patio for dinner.
Enjoy!\n\nps\nA few final thoughts while we were going back for seconds; they only use all white meat chicken in their dishes.\npps\nAlways look at their online coupons, you will get something free!
It seems like there's thousands of tv's in this place!
My wedge salad was enormous- more like a half head of lettuce than a wedge.
The S&S sauce that came with it was not laden with all that bright red food coloring.
The group was very talented and hilarious, so I'll for sure be back for them!\n\nEven if the improv hadn't rocked, there's still karaoke after!
But I don't really see any reason to make a special trip as it's not really different from other cedar fair parks.\n If you are going to visit one time.
Price is always good when you're student.
One of the best grilled cheese around, with bacon and tomato.
But hey, if you have business downtown and just wanna stay here anyway, have at it - the hotel has a free shuttle to bring you there, if you're so inclined.
This is the best Indian food you'll find in Urbana-Champaign.
I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.
I am his client about one year, I go every other week and his massage is always awesome!
Came with a large party once and the owner (who is super nice and accommodating) brought us a sampler of all the meat.
We were there on a Wednesday and the guy who answered the phone to take my reservation acted like he was doing me a favor to fit me in.
It is great in the summer and fall because they have a few tables outside.
I highly recommend the cheese empanadas, solterito (fava bean and corn salad), and the chaufa de quinoa (like fried rice but with quinoa)!
This would be enough reason to go here, as it's hard to find tasty and fresh pitas (most of the time, the bags still have steam in them because they're so fresh) for a good price, and this is it.\n\nOn top of that, they have frozen raw gyros meat and home made tzatsiki sauce, so you can throw together a gyros sandwich.
Friendly service and decently priced for men and women.
I'm a fan of the enchiladas, chicken/mole to be exact.
They give you a nice spring roll with your entree that isn't incredible, but definitely a nice touch for an already generous meal.
Empire is cheap, super fast, and generally satisfying.
It is the epitome of Vietnamese comfort foods in my opinion.
The food here was just as good as the Long Beach location, so I have no problem with the chef at all.\n\nService was good, our waitress was very friendly and helpful.
I needed it to take a little break and I decided, what better way to get caught up on all the museums and cultural institutions in the 'Burgh?\n\nTo say that the Carnegie is THE Pittsburgh Cultural Institution is indeed an understatement and as I live in nearby Squirrel Hill, I am so happy to have it within walking distance.
The beef ribs were good but catfish was more on the fishy side.
I have super thick, curly hair and he makes cutting and styling it look effortless.
It's clean and the people offer plenty of southern hospitality.
I would definitely recommend it to others!
I detected salt free cooking but the fish really popped once I added house made cocktail sauce.
My only complaint was the amount of TV channels offered, however you get free WiFi.
But if we get to that step, I am confident that they could not do anything wrong in my eyes.
My favorite part is that there's a Bojangles inside.
Maybe it's just that I'm so ecstatic to have my feet back on the ground, or maybe it's that airports like Charlotte's instill in me a sense of adventure, even a bit of nostalgia for the days when flying was a bit more romantic.
\n\nLet me tell you...if you land at the end of say B, and you have a connection to a regional in E -- you better book it!
The buffalo chicken spread and the jerked salmon are awesome.
I also had a side of gumbo , which honestly tasted a bit like chili.
Bloomfield has so many good places but in my book, Lot 17 stands above the typical bar and restaurant there.
Located right by the Double Door Uptown - this location is super convenient for those of us living or working Uptown.
From a guy's perspective, Carmon's is a perfect place for a date: great atmosphere, awesome food, and you get to show off your sophisticated and cultured ways.
well you gotta give this place a star for its originality.
This little Thai treasure consistently delivers!
Lots of comfort food, and tasty twists on classics.
My friend had taken photos for Pittsburgh Magazines Blog, and demanded I go and try it.
I just want to see people trying hard to do right and be honest get the support and business they need.
The spinach enchiladas were delicious and the service was prompt.
It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd.
With the perfect mix of fresh, delicious cajun food and eclectic decor in an old, historic house turned restaurant, you really can't go wrong.
I'm not a Thai food expert, but I really really enjoy their food.
The very thing that makes it unique you either love or hate, Hooter's batters its chicken wings.
Holly, the place reminds me of burger joints I visited near my grandparents' camp in New York's southern tier as a kid.\n\nGrab a deck of cards, a few friends, and head out to Brightstar for an evening.
The portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic I just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered.
Excellent food and well stocked groceries.\n\nIf you have never been to the Penn Avenue district of Pittsburgh, you are doing yourself a great disservice.
It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut.
They have Salsa dancing on Thursdays that can get pretty busy.\n\nI usually come here midweek, but hear that weekends are fun too.
Also, have to mention the awesome produce section, stocked mostly from local farms.
The selection of candies, coffee, home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area.
The topping is overshadowed by the sweet sause and the mountain of cheese so don't waist your money.
I love the selection of beer, it always me to try out a new beer without having to buy a whole case!
\n\nThe venue itself is very nice- and we even got to see Michael Jordan!
They have a good-sized pool and a big, comfortable lobby.
\n\nTwo Citipass coupons--one for a free loaf, the other is for BOGO sandwich.
We purchased a small amount of Midnight Moon Goat Cheese Gouda and made the most expensively delicious grilled cheese sandwich.
Luckily that did not happen.\n\nI seriously had SO MUCH fun here!
Join the beer club, and get free beer, shirts, mugs, and a plaque on the wall, just for trying new & different beer!
\n\nIt was nice to have a porch outside on the upper floors.
It's a Best Western, but among Best Westerns, it's a nice one.
\n\nI wholeheartedly recommend them for any type of Jewelery service.
The service was also fantastic!\n\nFor my entree, I had the cioppino -- it may be one of the best that I've ever had.
It comes with ciabatta bread slices that you can dip into the mussel sauce for an extra treat.
So much for that!\n\nTaste of India is flat out great.
\n\nUpstream does a fantastic job all around.
They asked me a few times how to say my name correctly because they wanted to make sure they pronounced it right, that meant a lot to me.
For years, I'm amazed I just drove by this place on the way to/from the airport in Charlotte not thinking much of it, but then I saw it featured on Diners' Drive-ins and Dives.
I've visited Whole Foods locations around the country, but this Pittsburgh location is one of my favorites.
A little bit like a step back in time.
My wife and I have been here a number of times and it's gotten better each time.
I always get their bbq chicken (bulgolgi's also very good, but I'm a white-meat eater) and it comes with a shitload of rice, side of kimchi, a few potstickers, some rice noodles...
I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop.
While I don't live in Highland Park, it's definitely worth an occasional trip.
We had several appetizers and they were all good to excellent.
I love that it's right off the bike path - gives it a nice, neighborhood feel.
I couldn't help but laugh out loud the first 30 seconds I walked through the door.\n\n Super savvy, humorous and fun: This is one novelty shop you don't want to pass up!
We walked up to Thai Gourmet, our usual go-to Thai spot, and were greeted by a \""closed\"" sign on the door.
\n\nThe prices are pretty good and I always leave spending 10 dollars less than I thought I'd spend.
\n\nThe run down tiny shopping center this place is in could make one deduct a star or two but don't judge!\nThe food on a whole is more along the lines of 3 (bright shiny) stars .\n\n Definitely worth mentioning are the springs rolls, crispy and flavorful.
\nDessert was a nice assortment of house prepared sorbets (mixed berry/pineapple/grapefruit).
The holes have character, and if you're a long hitter, the par 5's are a chance to help your score.\n\nWoods: The \""Woods\"" nine is probably the most scenic.
I am new to the Madison area and a avid gardener some friends told me to check out this store for seeds.
A nice little loaf with some creamy, sweet butter.\n\nI think my meal was about 10 bucks with a drink.
Well my 2nd time and for a Chinese Buffet, this place is fantastic.
I'm pretty sure I just stood there in awe for a minute before taking a few more hesitant steps inside.
Todd is a great mechanic good person!
This place and staff are always welcoming even when you arrive by boat!
Chicken was grilled nicely before added to the noodles.
It's sort of scaled-up-diner-food-meets-comfort-food, then add a fair share healthy options.
They are friendly professional reliable quick I think that's enough .
\nMy fan is all cleaned up and running like a top.
The preparations were executed to perfection.\n\nEntrees...veal Milanese...this is a beautiful double chop, \""paddled\"" into tenderness, dredged in house made bread crumbs, tossed with pine nuts and cooked to perfection.
I have recently become a coffee shop bum (and my reviews are beginning to reflect this) but I enjoy this place.
Their menu changes seasonally and is always hilarious (more so than Mad Mex, which they poke fun at along with other local restaurants).
I like that they have different sizes of gyros.
We chose the duck pancakes, which are prepared table side, which I loved!
Casbah isn't cheap, but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city because you get so much for your money.
I travel to Pittsburgh pretty often, and the owner who cooks the crepes recognizes my wife and me every single time we're there.\n\nThe crepes are excellent, the prices are more than reasonable, and as long as you don't go there during a peak period, it's never too crowded.
One of my favorites at any Thai place.
An absolutely beautiful and historic theater with a pretty bad- chandelier, if I do say so.
The baba ghanoush is fantastic and smokey...omg.
I've got a ways to go before I am Michael Phelps, but I am glad the Univ City Y is helping me on my way to the Olympics (j/k).\n\nThis Y is as large as the other branches in the area and has lots of family programs - after school care, etc that you can take advantage of while getting your burn on.
The museum had some interesting facts and interesting exhibits though.
They also had a good selection of Irish whiskey.
Thankfully, I trust Rosa and the crew at Eden Cleaners.
Brides, they give away a complimentary bridal book with lots of great resources - it's pretty thick!
If you're lucky enough to catch the owner, he's an extremely personable and nice fellow.
I didn't find it dirty or ran down.
We showed up pretty late, around 9:20pm and were provided with quick service from a friendly server.
\n\nMy wife chose her favorite Red Curry (med heat).
The food is always so delicious always leave feeling extremely satisfied.
Even if you're a manly man, this very pink booze slushie is amazing.
There's patio seating in nice weather, and an intimate dining room otherwise.\n\nCafe Luna is at the corner of 4th and Green in the funny wooden building - either go up the stairs from Green and turn to your left, or enter from the side entrance on 4th.
It made for an awesome show!
I had lunch at Mandarin Wok once again today, and I left with happy stomach.
That is why I really want to stay in a Lexus forever.
They also have very flexible hours - open pretty early as well as late some evenings.\n\nI will most definitely keep going to Edgewood Dental as long as I live in this area.
Great food, very impressive draught beer selection with lots of excellent local beers.
Nice food selections, great drinks of course.\n\nGreat fourth ward place.
It is a great way to see their artistic abilities and expression, which is what tattooing is all about.
Always something new and interesting to try.\n\nI haven't had a proper dinner here yet, just appetizers.
Bryan had the flounder which was prepared perfectly over incredible risotto......
They also have some excellent Thai specialties.
You either like it or you don't.
They also have karaoke at 8:30, the crowd is older (your parent's age), they dance and sing along; it's a great time.
\n\nThree of us shared the Texas onion (similar to OB bloomin onion) but we liked this version better.Wild west shrimp was also shared.
I've heard good things, including (of course) that they were featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.\n\nIt was a weekday at around 11am, and the place was still packed.
The brisket is good as well.
spicy ginger chicken is the best, and they'll make it hot as you like it.
The first week I went I had a delicious bean salad and artichoke salad.
The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely!
We also ordered a \""small\"" beer, which is a full 12 oz glass, pretty sweet deal.
The service is excellent, the atmosphere a time capsule of a 50s diner & the food is some of the best diner fair I've ever had.
Its probably our new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.
I had the special of the day, the Rindsrouladen, which is braised beef rolled with cabbage, onions, pickle and bacon.
The semosas are great and served with the best sauces.
We've gone for my husband's birthday the past 2 years, and it has never failed to disappoint.
Makes me feel a bit relaxed....
He treated us very well, and always remembers your name.
Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich.
This is probably my favorite place to eat in C-U.
When we returned we were happy to have the fireplace in our room and cozied up with some of freshly baked cookies left out for guests.
The rotating menu is awesome, and I've tried a lot and never gotten anything bad.
All the staff has been very gracious to us.
I was pleasantly surprised to find it much to the liking of a Subway but refined and truly fresher ingredients.
It got packed quickly once the game started as lot 17 is a true \""pitt\"" bar.
Cajun Queen, like many restaurants, has fallen into the category of \""why did it take me so long to try\"".\n\nOur meal was a solid 4 star experience, and it started with great service.
The Genleman graciously took me to this Dark Library room they have with a nice big couch and lazyboys, He turned off the lights and gave me a nice cozy blanket.
My queen bed room included a shower only bathroom (the standard for Sleep Inn), comfortable bed, hi def tv, microfridge and strong wifi signal.
I have to dock a star just because at Luna's price, I don't expect to see any mediocre dishes - and I've definitely had a few there.\n\nService has been very nice and friendly, but also very slow (and it's never been all that busy when I've been there, so that can't be used as an excuse).
\nThe walls were covered in art from local elementary school students - LOVED THIS.
\nOddly the build your own salads are pretty good as well.
(Seriously, LaGuardia...for all of our sake)\n\nI've only used Charlotte for connections, so can't comment on the parking, ticketing, or security lines.
Read a lot of good reviews so I figure I'd check it out.\n\nWas by meself and welcomed by George the bartender.
When our bread arrived I noticed this neat little oil holder, it was shaped like a jug, with a grape mold that held the balsamic vinegar.
This is the place to have a good time!
The calamari is outstanding and if you get there before 7, they run happy hour which is half off apps and $3 beers.
The atmosphere is so fun and lively, and you wouldn't look a bit out of place in your lederhosen!
The dinner roll that this dish came with was sweet, soft, and spongy.
While we were sitting at the bar waiting for our table the gave us two complimentary appetizers.
Their turkey burger and mac'n'cheese are great but the rest is probably just okay.
They had good meat on them and the hot sauce had decent flavor to it.
The TV in the bathroom mirror was a nice addition.
\n\nI ordered a special, which apparently changes at weekly or monthly.
First of all, Sarah was the most awesome waitress!!!
I had the crayfish etoufee - rich and yummy.
We each had a $10 off brunch which made this a steal :) We were able to sit outside even in the winter which was nice.\n\nAll in all, I love Casbah.
Service was friendly and helpful.\nDinning room...all the tables were dirty.\nFood better than the normal burger chain so understand the slightly higher price.\nWill come back
My best suggestion would be to park in one of the nearby structures, bc there really isn't street parking.
These pierogies are one of my favorite things in the world.
Didn't have to worry about security as we were in the same wing.
This trendy little place has great pizza.
Good place to take the family , a date or just yourself .
the check out was fast and the clerk wrapped up my orchid so it would not be affected by the cold not something you would get at home depot when I bought one there.I will go back when its warmer to check out their plants since I want to start landscaping my new lawn.
I was the only nonwhite person in the restaurant and I hope that's not the reason why.
I was happy to see the two locations in Charlotte when I moved here.
She came back later to see if I'd won or not.
Daily specials are a bargain and my own personal recommendation...the Reuben and the turkey Rachel are out of this world!
The crust, the tomato, and the pepperoni are all awesome, too, but trust me -- if you like cheese (and who doesn't), you'll love this.\n\nOn top of that, their fries are fresh and served in lah-arge portions, and their steak, cheese, and mushroom sandwich is phenomenal.
I didn't find the inside half as exciting.
Well finally a place that can pull a pint.
The french toast and pancakes are lovely too.
I have never had a request met with anything less than a smile, and I love that they are willing to let you try a new product before committing to the whole purchase.
All in all, everything seems to be freshly prepared in their kitchen.
The employees of Penn Mac are friendly, knowledgeable, and genuine.
even though that wishful thought didn't pan out anyway thanks to the lackluster veg-dog I ended up with.
The portions are huge and you won't leave hungry.
Thankfully, the renovation has not just created a better use of space - there's a nice and cozy sitting spot in the back - but it's even cheerful-looking, in a rustic sort of way.
Definitely lean back while you're on those single donuts on the water rides, or else you feel like you're going to flip over while swishing down the tubes.
(like bacon is 49 cents a slice!).
The only drawback is the parking; because of it's popularity it gets a little crowded.
The prosciutto chips literally melted in your mouth and I even shared one with the birthday girl.\n\nMy friend sitting on my other side, opted for a vegetarian dish, the Peperone - \""stuffed pepper, quinoa, vegetable risotto, roasted tomato coulis\"".
So, that's definitely next on my list!
They are alway so happy to see you!\n\nI stopped by Mama's for dinner last night and ordered some of the goat cheese dip and the spiedini di carne salad.
\n\nTheir smoothies are delicious, and the coffee is good.
The front desk staff is always so nice.
This is probably the best JCPenney in Madison.
i hate that.\n3) they are markedly green conscious: signs praising you for shopping second hand and keeping a three foot high stack of splayed-out newspaper for wrapping gifts.
I don't know of any other jeweler with a loyalty or marketing program like Helzberg.
My family and I enjoyed celebrating my birthday here over the weekend
Also: to those who complain the sushi menu is small, yes, it's less than a page.
We checked in with the ladies at the front desk and they happily pointed us to the garden areas and told us about the park; they also lent us an umbrella which was nice customer service.
The shrimp are big and taste fresh not frozen .
Some of the best looking waitstaff I've seen outside of a Hooters; adding an extra point for that reason.
If I have a little more disposable income, I go down the road to Whole Foods to get my prepared deli/bakery fix.
The beer list is good and reasonably priced ($4).
I followed the recommendations and get compliments on how good my truck looks all the time.
A relaxed, clean atmosphere.\n\nMy table of 5 started with chicken strips, good and standard and spinach dip.
Seating was fast, the service was SUPER courteous and speedy.
Gotta say, this particular location of Giant Eagle (Market District) was the best Giant Eagle I've been to.
The conference rooms are also on two separate floors adjacent to the lobby- great for easy access and they have separate elevator service that runs straight down into the parking garage.\n\nThe restaurant downstairs does a really mean breakfast buffet and their lunch menu is far from an after-thought- tasty grilled flatbreads.\n\nThe rooms are what you expect in any newer Westin- heavenly bed with mainly modern style furniture- clean lines and neutral earth tone colors.
Excellent place to stay while visiting Pittsburgh.
I do wish Reyna was bigger, but I shouldn't complain.
\nWe had a plan to do a loop and visit the famous Thai garden (awesome) and our idea paid off greatly.
Yeah, we thought that was weird, too.
The chicken was sauteed perfectly as were the veggies.
Stern (at times) owner who rules his roost - check.\n\nI don't really trust a Vitnamese restaurant to be really really good unless it is a hole in the wall kind of place.
I would definitely go back for another tattoo and recommend this place for anyone who wants a tat!
I had the linguine w/ walnut pesto which was average nothing too spectacular but good all around.
\n\nIt takes about an hour to 1.5 hours (going at a brisk pace) to cover all of the gardens on display.
If you like cooking, tea, and/or coffee, you should go there.
(Though I HEAR from current and past students that it is an excellent school!).
\n\nThe Cutter's Cigar bar which I talk about in a separate review and Champions Sports bar with lots of TVs and good lookin men standing around in grape clusters.
Thank you to the staff for giving us the gift card.
Much more creative then the drink menu at Bossa Nova.\n\nFor the drop in spot after a show or just happy hour with friends I found this to be a pretty down to earth and decent spot.
There's even a catchy phrase along the lines of 'you toss, it we sort it'; how cool.
First off, I love Regent Square.
Huge portions of very authentic Italian dishes.
I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken.
[hey it is a great opening.] Those two things do set this airport apart from others.
It is cash only, so that might be a downside if you're just randomly stopping by for the first time, but it's one place where the long lines are truly warranted in this town.
The food was great the servicew was excellent.
If you come at the right time, you'll be able to see the fresh ravioli being made right in front of you.
I prefer the thin-crust, but the Sicilian is also excellent.
The staffs here were helpful, and the beer guy knew exactly where the only 1 pumpkin porter was ($6.99 for a 6-pack of Red Hook Pumpkin Porter).
We got the Burrata & Prosciutto appetizer, it was lovely.
Awesome spot with good beer, a pool table, darts, and even board games.
They keep the recent stuff pretty up to date too.
Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action.
It was a perfect ending to our movie night at the Regent Square Theater.
The vet explains everything what wrong whit my baby dog maya and all the staff was so friendly.
\n\nSome friends and I decided to go to Musashi for dinner last Saturday.
The coffee was hot and good.
I feel like I come with a ten dollar bill, leave with money and have a bag full of goodies.
If this restaurant were in the middle of downtown, it would be %100 packed, %100 of the time!\nThank goodness it isn't, because I have never had to wait for a table.\nOrder the German roll (weird, I know, but it's GREAT), the Terayaki Mushrooms, the Gyoza, and the Nigiri...
I think this is due to the fact that the only other location I know of is in Ballantyne and things tend to be a bit elevated whenever you go to that end of town.\n\nThere's a decent lunch menu offered to go with the complementary chips and salsa - which was awesome.
It made what would have been an average visit fantastic.\n\nI didn't have a chance to do the tour of the mansion, but I did walk around the grounds, and they're perfect to while away some free time on a nice day.
First time trying NY Pizza Express tonight, and I am very glad I did!
The bonus is definitely the amount of food, you get enough for delicious lunch leftovers!
Zorbas is amazing and an important part of my UIUC experience!
It was light, and maybe a little too sweet - but summery and fruity.
I called and Vincent said he would help.
My one friend did a glass blowing event there & said that this was much more HANDS ON than the glass blowing was.
Had a pretty good cheese plate.
Great place to grab a beer on Beverly road and catch up with old friends.
It's almost like a hamburger, but better in my opinion (and better for you!).
They have a wide variety of goodies to choose from, something to make everyone happy I'm sure.
No frills, no fake smiling employees, just REALLY GREAT BREAD.
I worked as a barista at the Espresso Royale inside the Undergrad Library on Gregory.\n\nI much prefer Espresso Royale's coffee to Starbucks which can be a bit too thin and sweet for me.
Add to that those freaking addicting garlic roll (perfect for dipping) and I'd absolutely order it again.
heroic) and got the car on the lot in less than 24 hours.
Walking Walnut in Shadyside you usually don't think to walk down the side streets unless you have a purpose for doing so.\n\nJourneys, not to be confused with the chain shoe store, has a nice mix of items.
thinly sliced and generous portions\nLobster Bisque - lots of lobster in the soup.
Let me highlight some great finds\n1.
My parents have always talked about the Pleasure Bar and how they used to go here when they were younger, but I have never been.
The Capital Grille was a great experience overall.
I was able to visit The Morehead Inn for a small company meeting of around 20 people and it was nice and cozy in the room they provided us with.\n\nWhen I first arrived, I noticed how it the plants were well kept and there wasn't that much parking.
Spacious, with plenty of great views from around the stadium, Jeff G.
\n\nThis is a great little hardware store with all the smaller items of a typical store, but a little less in terms of large items like wood, fencing, etc.
We would go again if we were in town and needed something to do if the weather were to be uncooperative.\n\nGreat to see a community center like that and tax dollars put to great use.
Doesn't feel cramped even when it gets crowded.\n\nSide notes: I LOVE diners.
I've really only been to two official botanic gardens (mostly CBG) however I'm glad Olbrich was another to add to my list.
Vastly superior to the department store versions.
All you have to do is ask the front desk and they will help you coordinate.
Even the wi-fi was fast and free, and therefore, fantastic.
It's a nice open environment and they have a great selection of brews.
Never had a lost bag (knock on wood!) A note to all travelers, please....check your bags.
Everyone is always very nice and knowledgeable!
Yes it is a hotel by the airport but I've stayed at several hotels this lose to airports and they generally have better windows to isolate some of the noise.\n\nOverall, this was a good hotel.
If you've ever been to any of the thousands of Taco Bells around this great country, then you know the tasty, affordable dining experience you are sure to have each and every time you go to a Taco Bell, and this one is no different.
Now they have some parking decks to help carry the load instead of all surface lots.\n\nLocation, Location, Location!
Split the pork BBQ plate w/collards & yams with a friend who got the salmon cakes.
After I left the store, I met up with the owner and other regulars at a local bar that has a covered/heated patio area and bought two more cigars at that event (it's a weekly or monthly thing they do).\n\nOverall, it's a great shop with an outstanding pipe selection, a very good pipe tobacco selection, and a good cigar selection.
The first time I wanted to get in on the Gobblerito trend that half of my coworkers were enjoying during November, so I ordered that and a frozen margarita.
\n\nFor a Sunday just after church, they were well enough staffed.
I am back, and incredibly happy to be back!
Tazza D'Oro has a generally European decor, with dark, rich colors and textures, and a cozy layout that makes the most of the space.
Another great thing is that the displays are up for 3 months at a time, so if you really like something, you have the opportunity to go check it out again!
Well, I didn't, He however told me what I needed and took me in the shop and showed me every aspect of my car and his suggestions.
Their boiled red skin potatoes are another simple treat reminiscent of my Mom's Sunday dinners culled from her Germanic roots that often included new potatoes with vinegar, onions, and butter.
The gnocchi were like little pillows they were so light and fluffy.
This evening's performance of \""The Divine Sister\"" delivered the bawdy, irreverent humor that is characteristic of this theatre.
The huge pork chop arrived medium well, as requested, but was still tender and juicy, even better when dipped in the sage jus.
Also the workers there are surprisingly friendly.
I only buy the store brand unless I need something special for a recipe, and my bill is consistently less than anything I bought at Market District.
Don't expect a fancy place but if you want really good and fast thai food, this is the place to go in Pittsburgh.
\n\nOverall, we had a really positive experience and we'll be back!
This hotel is in a great location right next to the convention center and is walkable to PNC Park, Heinz Field, downtown bars, etc.
The vegetables were large and fresh and the spice was perfect.
I also don't think the prices are that great on further reflection.
Great salad and soup as well.
Well - the beds COULD be more comfortable.
They have the perfect texture, the perfect taste, the perfect look, the perfect smell...
The place was definitely running a wait by 6:30pm so, again, head out early/late!\n\nThe Mister and I headed here at 6pm on a Saturday and were able to snag the last open table in the place.
The original location is definitely the best especially for the people watching aspect.
They have decent burgers and a fair selection of beers.
Excellent service, friendly staff and you get to watch plans land and take off.
This is my favorite Wing place, whether I go in person or have my food delivered.
Kids really enjoy all the activities.
We have been multiple times now, and never a bad experience.
Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard is in front of my eyes.
It seems that you have two choices in Chinese restaurants--corporate Chinese like PF Chang's, or red and gold with paper lanterns.
At least they have people movers to speed things up, and free wifi if you get to your gate with any time to spare.
The ambiance Id perfect and the experience is one that feels authentic.
I hosted a bachelorette party for my sister at this location and overall everything was wonderful.
There is a room off the main dining room to support larger groups, a full bar, and a great menu.
My boyfriend ordered the Reuben with Cajun fries.they have several other menu items that looked good: a salmon blt, crab cake sandwich, turkey club on focaccia, and many burgers that are very good from what my boyfriend says.
(Although not as memorable as the pad thai.) The restaurant looks very nice both on the exterior and interior, service is great, and food is phenomenal.
Luckily Washington DC is only around 8 hours away, so I believe that will be our next train voyage.
The taste is okay and price is a little bit on the high end for the amount you get.
I love their potato pancakes, sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.
So I haven't tried a lot of menu items, but the ones I had were good.
So if you like Maize, definitely give El Charro a chance!
This is one of Charlotte's best secrets.\n\nIt is on N.
Maybe they can marinate the shrimp with the broth instead of just dropping them in?Also, the bread pudding was just okay.
I had a cup of shrimp bisque that was outstanding, and the grilled chicken po'boy tasted very fresh (the shredded romaine lettuce was much appreciated).
Another success in a long line of accomplishments.
Everything on the menu is yummy.
The fresh strawberry were great even though out of season.
\n All portions were generous, perfectly cooked and quick to the table.
or share a $20 Super Bowl Sundae with friends..
But they finished it by Thursday afternoon!\n\nI feel like I always get great service at Molnar's.
My stay was on a Thursday night, and had a room on the 10th floor facing East.\n\nIt's located right down town in the theater area, and it's an extremely easy walk to a lot of essentials.
Their food is a little expensive but its so good.
I just picked up a cookie platter ($32...see photo) for a party and it looks awesome.
\nThe staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about.
I couldn't taste much besides the sweet potato, and even that was masked by the heavy spices added to the top.
After a year and a half, I finally decided to brave the daunting task of finding a new salon so I could be back to my blonde alter ego.
Despite it being very crowded, the restaurant stayed clean and cool!
The wait staff is helpful, knows the menu very well and has had some solid recommendations.
I saw Megan Price Osborne and she was super friendly and thorough.
Fresh bread great pasta and Olive for days.
I was most impressed with the cash versus credit pricing.
how'd it compare to fat jack's?\""\n\nchances are my response will be something like, \""it's good...
If you're here for a short layover be prepared to book it if your connecting flight is on the other side of the airport..it'll take a while!
The prices are a little beyond making it a regular spot (even with a coupon) but it's perfect for a memorable date night.
This is an excellent choice in downtown for a unique take on southern cuisine.
Each sausage was delicious and presented beautifully with a dollop of sour kraut and a bit of mustard.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I ordered mushrooms on half because my boyfriend doesn't like them and it was on the whole pizza ( I loved it though).
The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.
I think a great enhancement for the stadium would be to put a little roof over the top seats just so it shelters you a little.
I would highly recommend this for a special night out to celebrate.
I had to make sure I didn't leave any sauce on my fingers prior to typing this.
The real winner of the meal was the sausage calzone (which we added ricotta to).
Waffle house is crowded yet Corner Cafe is better all the way around.
They can help you fix it or they repair many things like screens and lamps.\n\nNeed seasonal lights and decorations.
I don't know if it's the sprout or the dressing, but it is one of the best cobb salads I have ever had.
By far my favorite place in Charlotte to grab a beer.
The lines move reasonably fast although I am usually just a Venti Bold kind of guy so, not sure how long the wait is when ordering something barista-centric.
Some of the items I think are REALLY inexpensive as compared to what I've seen in similar stores around the country and really beautiful.\n\nThird...I love the ladies that own/run Journeys.
Service was spot on as well
The Neutrogena toiletries are a good touch.
I had leftovers today!\n\nThe service was friendly and fast, and the food was delicious (if not quite as fabulous as Woodlands).
After all, we can't ALL be suckers.
We found it to be a solid and affordable place for her as a beginner.
Great food, friendly attentive staff.\n\nMy boyfriend and I came for lunch around 11:30am.
The price is right and great bluegil and perch.
I love Charlotte Douglas International airport and rate this place highly.However on visiting the toilets several times recently the toilet seats were old and cracked, not at all beffiting this show case.They weren't up to standards in my oppinion.\nIf they can afford $multi million for a new concourse then a trip to Lowes is peanuts.
Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.
I half expected the Marlboro man to ride up on his faithful steed hollerin, \""Yeeeeeehaaaaawwwwww!!\"" It's a huge venue that opens up into a few separate areas and has a large stage that has famous acts and their own house band jamming away.
Many, many late nights have I spent here, post strike party, or any other type party, eating the grease necessary to fight off the hangover I deserved the next day.
\n\nWhile it may seem odd to schedule a run in a cemetery, I promise that you won't regret it at Elmwood Cemetery.
Everything about the dish was perfect.
Looking around I could see this would be a great date place if you were looking to make an impression.
Overall the dining experience went well.
It seems like an unassuming cafe, but the food is way above average and the waitstaff is always friendly and engaging.\n\nUsually, I will get one of their sandwiches and I am especially impressed with their chicken parmesan panini.
Best moment was seeing plane land & pilot came into diner- was very cool for him.
Kind of a ghost town because it's so large, but the space was really nice.
\nIf you take the time to go through the racks you will definitely score some unique HIGH QUALITY , no funky smells goodies.As far as their prices i noticed that average price was 23-35 and the major designer stuff was between 60-100.They also have a sales rack at the back (was 75% off when i was there).
Besides they carry some really great things you can't get at those big box stores.
Definitely think I'll spend some more time there.
Good drinks, great lunch specials and awesome service!
Island are most definitely \""as big as your head,\"" and although probably meant for two, had no trouble eating the entire pastry by himself.
They also brought out a big plate of white rice for us to share from; the rice was cooked well and sticky.
I feel I truly got my money's worth.
I order from this place consistently and it is always hot, fast, and delicious.
This was my first visit to the Original Pancake House, on the recommendation of one of my friends who tried it on a recent visit to Charlotte.
I headed to Hyatt because they have everything!\n\nThe staff is very helpful and were more than patient to point out where stuff was in the large shop and provide expert recommendations.
Free coffee, coffee, & wifi if you want to wait.
The soup was pretty good, although a tiny bit oily and a tiny bit salty.
And while some of the other dishes can be oversauced, the fried rice has a lot less sauce than any other place...and that allows the incredible flavor of these fresh veggies to glide delectably over your tastebuds.\n\nIt is a little more expensive than your typical Chinese restaurant, but it's worth it!
The d\u00e9cor is so very not-airport, with artsy chandeliers and those chic sofas I mentioned.
Basil Thai is good for exactly what it is--convenient, cheap, dependable Thai food on campus, served hot and promptly.
I've always had a pleasant experience except the last time I went.
You've really outdone yourself, my dear.
(you can ask for hotter if you need to)\n\nOutdoor tables-however are in a parking lot area.\n\nHeard the atmosphere is better at the other Salsa's location on Carmel Road but, haven't made it there yet.
A man with a guitar went around the restaurant singing beautiful songs to each table and eventually made it outside.
Open since the mid-70s the Double Door inn has hosted a ton of top acts and is always full of people who love music.
It seems to be \""covered\"" by the trees that surround it, and I would imagine is a great (and busy) place to dine during warmer months.
The pasta was done right - I had felt like I was eating spinach dumplings.
I ordered a pepperoni and sausage slice, and the small feast that was presented to me did not disappoint.
nice selection of beer and they have Green Line on tap!
Had a really great time :)
Always done with a smile and you can't really go wrong.
Our washer was too small to do the job, so off I went to the Laundry Factory.\n\nLike I said, it's been awhile since I've been to a laundromat, so I don't know what other laundromats are like these days, but wow, this one was wayyyy nicer than the ones I used to go to back in the day!
Also, they offer a cash discount, so if you pay with a credit/debit card you'll pay more (yes, this is perfectly legal).
but after going to the Waldhorn - I'm definitely a fan and to have a german restaurant in Charlotte/Pineville is a real treat.\n\nThe parking situation was a bit crazy since I guess it was the last weekend for Oktoberfest so everyone was trying to get their Waldhorn on that night (and I'm sure the night after that).
So fluffy, so delicious and gut-busting.
The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off.
My love for this place just keeps going up!\n\nAgain, mouthwash in little cups for me waiting in the restrooms...sigh...lovely!\n\nAmazing restaurant selections and everywhere, yes everywhere, in this place is CLEAN!!!!
But I can safely say that my experience at Metcalfe's topped it.\n\nIt was very clean and well stocked.
Ok, just to dispel any misunderstandings, this isn't true \""soul food\"" - it's great southern cooking.\n\nWe have been here three times since living in Charlotte and continue to come back for more.
I'm a regular here since their kitchen is open late and it's a good option after movies.
The curry was really good too, and the cabbage.
Very nice room with views of downtown Charlotte.
Everything on the menu is good, and they have Warsteiner on tap!
I found myself there shoeless with an overheated dog and they had no problem letting me come in with the dog to buy some water for him.
I don't think I am a picky person or hard to please so I couldn't understand why wasn't able to find 'the dress'.
We grabbed some stools but found ourselves giving up our seats to some lovely ladies who were waiting to be seated for the fish fry.
They included zucchini, carrots, broccoli, onions and other good stuff without the typical \""filler\"" veggies that you find at cheaper places.
The starter goat cheese salad was the best salad I have ever had, and may have been better than the pasta..I had the lamb meatballs with cavatelli which was yummy.
\n\nIt's so good to see people renovate and repair rather than throw out.
I've never had a bad meal here.
The haircut, minus the bangs, was perfect.
The fact that this place has a bacon night has impressed me for years.
You can watch the bartenders squeezing fresh fruits and melons for their huge line ups of margaritas flavors.
I was pleasantly surprised when I stumbled upon here.
Love this place!\nOne time a colleague was kind enough to get my lunch, but did not remember my preferences.
Not impressive on outside but staff is awesome and food is some of the beat around.
But since I went to this one and liked it, 5 stars.\n\nWe stopped here on a road trip and was happy to see it open before 10.
We made a trip to Pittsburgh a month back and a friend of mine insisted that we get a sandwich from Primanti's.
I highly recommend the Shrimp and Broccoli, but really everything there is worth trying.\n\nWait staff is very attentive, bordering on too attentive at times.
One of my favorite Thai places, maybe ever.
There are other options to choose that are much less expensive should you want to not blow up the Visa too badly and I am quite sure they are prepared just as well.
Tullock is a man of integrity and character!
People talk to each other and have a good time.
To top it off, one of the people in our group has a severe nut/bean allergy, and the entire staff was very accommodating in making sure no nuts or beans touched our food.
I think I discovered a new favorite (and reasonably priced) coconut rum.\n\nThe prices on both sides were pretty good.
There is a Giant Eagle right down the street too.\n\nThe hotel offers free wifi which has great speed and makes working from your room easy.
All that I saw going by looked good, but my recommendation would be, if you go only once, skip all that and go right for a pancake/crepe creation.
Fiori's is always great pizza - especially when you're on the way home from town and hungry.
He complained to the manager, and the manager was nice enough to take 1/2 off, which I thought was really nice considering it wasn't stopping me from eating them.
This review will be for all my lunch experiences which have generally been pretty good so, 4 Stars.
But she still kept the look of the dress so that the change was slight and still fit the style.
rustic, oh yeah, and bring cash!
I also like that they use fresh ingredients and antibiotic free chicken.
There is plenty of space between tables and such--you can take a date here and you should.\n\nThe food is excellent.
\n\n We only ordered the wee size (one scoop of ice cream) but that was more than enough to satisfy us.
I love that they offer discounts to teachers.
This could be a meal unto itself, yet it's just their most popular starter.
I thought the food was well priced and the service was efficient.
But, that doesn't reflect badly on the building itself.\nThe seats are terraced for optimum viewing and relatively comfortable.
Great brots, potato pancakes, and pretzel bread!
Unless of course I am eating it from Emeril's (Las Vegas) which was the best Caesar I've ever eaten.
Really nice hotel close to everything in the uptown area.
I wish more restaurants did that.\n\nOne of the earlier reviewers mentioned confusion with picking up baskets right next to the utensil area -- when I visited, there was a young woman running food out (she called the number and waited for the correct person to raise their hands).
Even though we were incredibly full, we saw the table next to us order a dish full of what looked like chocolate mousse and immediately told our waitress we wanted that for dessert.
I hear this is a rocking place on the weekend, but on a cold Tuesday afternoon, we pretty much had the place to ourselves (except for the loudmouth \""screenwriter\"" at the bar).
\nStaff was very friendly, there was good music playing on the juke box and the good was served quickly.
And yes, I do know that German chocolate was created in America by a man with the last name of German...STILL LOVE IT!!!
I did not know that they had valet parking as that would have been very useful on a busy uptown Saturday night.
Most of the meals are consistently good, freshly prepared, and full of flavor.
As cliche as it may sound, every piece (including fin which is notoriously tough) was melt in your mouth good.
Perfectly steamed chickpeas with right amount of spice & cilantro!
The best part about visiting the king, as we call it, is the workers.
I also like the mixed grill.
\n\nThe small touches in design elevate the interior from the ordinary in an entirely pleasing way.
Yes, it was busy but the bartenders were on top of it.
When my favorite lamp stopped working, I went to Lighting by Erik because they were close to my home.
The decor is \""Mexicany\"" without being cheezy and my Garden Burrito was delicious.
Kids love the multiple fish tanks.
\n\nThey also have a really good veggie sandwich with Hummus (I don't remember the name), a great buffalo chicken sandwich and fantastic appitizers.
Go on the weekends for a surprise good time!
\n\nOur server was great and got us everything we needed quickly.
By the time we left, I was very full and satisfied.
Lots of folks in my office stalk the menu for taco salad day as well.
Their pizza isn't the best pizza you'll ever have, but for the price it's good.
Great wine, decent price.\n\nThe decor was so Art Nouveau it was leaning towards camp - but I love anything from that era, so that was fine by me.
They chose a great location, with surrounding restaurants of all genres and fun bars and shopping.
The new Holiday Inn Greentree is beautifully remodeled and closely located to all the fun in downtown.\n\nThe rooms come equipped with a microwave & fridge!
I thought the salad after the entree was pretty interesting .
Liz's 40th birthday was approaching and I wanted her to enjoy her friends.
Best chiropractic center I been to others Dr Novak and staff are the best in the Pittsburgh area they are concerned and problems always taken care of excellent adjustments I always feel better after I leave there
She was even giving me tips on my form.
That's a tough job, it's heartbreaking, but in some cases it has to be done for the good of the animal and for the safety of society.
Just a solid meal, run by a family you can tell knows what they're doing.
They take good care of all their critters.
My lil Lulu is feeling much better and I want to thank everyone at PBVC for making it happen, they gave us excellent healthcare with GREAT bed side manor & I would recommend this practice to anyone.
Lots of different flavors, if you want to go out for wings, there may be better places, but up there as far as delivery goes.
I was really impressed with a Mini-Farmer's Market, located around the E Concourse.
The scallion pancakes were just as good as they ever were.
Once I had friends with me and after waiting 45 minutes, gave up on getting any seats.
The food is exceptional, drinks well prepared, service is very good.
My handsome dinner partner had a medium creamy bleu cheese burger and home fries.
My favorite thing though is the prepared food section, it has so many yummy good things that are VERY well priced.
I also recommend bringing your own pillow.
\n\nThe rooms are \""Marriott practical\"" meaning that all the things that you need to have a successful trip whether business or pleasure are there.
I was not expecting much, I suppose due to its location and ubiquitous name, but the food was excellent (relative to other Charlotte Indian restaurants).
One of the best pastries I've had in my life I got here.
Also, it is nice how they cook the food in front of you.
Since they get so slammed, the servers are pretty competent at handling overwhelm.
If you sign up on their email list, you can get coupons and special offers on their coffee, teas, smoothies and packaged coffee.
She was quite pleased with it.
The scenery is gorgeous, very spacious, staff is welcoming.
There are lots of fun legends about the house being haunted.
It's removed from the main uptown area of Charlotte and it seems like this is the place where locals go.\n\nMy dinner was awesome.
Their lunch deal is definitely their best deal.
The servers were friendly and chips and salsa arrived immediately upon being seated.
He was very good about offering us fresh ground pepper for our salads along with the freshly grated cheese over your dish.\n\nWhen you first walk in, Ciro's has a quality about it that almost makes it formal, but it seemed okay for a casual lunch.
It is always busy and it is kinda ghetto but on a positive note the layout of the store is pretty ok because I still find amazing deals.:)
Love the falafel, but I prefer tahini sauce, and these come with a yogurt mint sauce.
Definitely stop by and check it out- you won't be sorry!
In my book and palate I think this is a pretty good deal.
They've got a lot of great food and drink, nothing to write home about in the food department but they make up for it in the extensive drink selection.
Great light combination and not too heavy.
The pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure.
Folks when you come here don't eat lunch because the food dishes are huge.
My favorite section is the clearance room for shoes - always a great place to find a steal on footwear.
Great service, quality work, good prices.
General Tao's was very yummy too.\n\nAll in all, a VERY tasty meal in a town generally lacking good Chinese (except for Dragonfly off Park Road which is equally yummy).\n\nDefinitely will return to try other tasty morsels!
Glad to have an easily accessible church downtown!
If you plan on going at least once a week (or more often like me) buying a membership is the way to go, and there are different specials each month.\n\nSometimes the gym can get crowded (especially on Wednesdays) but there's lots of routes and it's fun to take some time and meet other climbers.
Cajun/Creole is definitely a different type of food than what I usually grab.
I highly recommend this awesome catering service!\n\nIf you want to see our wedding photos and some food pics, you can see them here:
BUT, even though this place is a little darker, a little more \""aged\"" as I'll lovingly put it...
My hair has never looked so beautiful and I am so glad that we found such a great place.
I've tried their soups too and they're delightful and rich.
It had a wonderful crumb, and I'd buy it from a bakery in a heartbeat.
The food is cheap, good, and fast, and the people are friendly.
It was a match made in kimchi heaven.
They're also really nice folks - easy to chat with, interesting, and attentive.
\n\nDessert started out as a hard sell to my dining companions, but I had saved room--this was my birthday dinner after all!
The lunches and dinner selections aren't bad either!!
Of course the freshly baked tortillas were fattening and awesome.
Hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
Bobby and I always find ourselves here to escape the hectic downtown scene.
The service was quick and very friendly.
(that I know of).....I hope I get to stay in Pittsburgh long enough just to take advantage of this co-op.
Simply put I LOVE it here.
Definitely on the \""grab lunch eat at my desk\"" rotation.
Romantic interior that's a refreshing throwback, and the best hummus and iced tea I had in Pittsburgh.
i'm truly scared to eat them.\n\nN - JOY!
I want to hang out here more.
I hiked here with my dog the other day and fell in love.
Great atmosphere, wonderful service and really great food.
\n\nTheir late hours are ideal for students or those that just run better late at night.
The Apple Chops are some of the best pork chops I have ever had.
My favorite dish is the Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict.
\n\nSushi here are very fresh and there are plenty of Japanese appetizers on the menu in English and Japanese.
Not being a really big cigar guy, I do however enjoy one with a stiff drink every now and again.
If you like a nuttier bread, their Dakota is chocked full of pepitas and sunflower seeds.
The outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience.
If you blink you'd miss it which leaves more cookies for me.\n\nIt's hard to describe the desserts with any other adjective other than delicious.
Love the salsa and homemade tortillas!
\n\nI give this place a solid 4 stars for friendly staff, good parking and great rooms.
I would recommend this place to anyone searching for a tailor in Pittsburgh.
They also have a cart with dry soup mix that is gluten free and looked pretty tasty.
The other one was filled with whipped cream, fresh strawberries, and dusted with powdered sugar.
I couldn't get enough of the wasabi, and the rice complimented the tuna perfectly.
My favorite Italian restaurant in Charlotte, not a 5 star Chicago/NY/Boston restaurant, but it is very good for the money, and I heartily recommend it.
This is the best Chinese in campus-town.
I tried the bisque, which was pretty tasty.
I have been working here for 2 1/2 years, always cater events and this was, by far, the best catering I have ever received!!!\n\nOkay, so the staff was very friendly, professional and timely (# 1), the display looked great and we had zero issues with quantity....those are things I expect out of most catering companies......the biggest thing you worry about is the quality and freshness of catered food.
See if I care.\n\nI came in with a group of friends for a semi-liquid lunch and though it was the beer cave that brought us in, I was secretly more excited about watching my friends eat hot dogs.
My toes look GREAT, the staff is super nice!
Thin-sliced pastrami, cole slaw, tomato, and I think there was some cheese in there, but a fistful of fries as well - you guys know the drill.\n\nSo in conclusion, great success.
\n- Omelettes: Their egg white omelettes do a great job posing as normal eggs.
She worked hard to figure out which local flowers would be available at the time, and as a result we only had to have a few things that were sourced regionally instead of locally - very cool!!
It is a casual place but \""upscale\"" casual if that makes sense.
It's hard to find a good auto repair place where you won't get taken advantage of.
Even though I missed the convenience of the Y's downtown - Childress & Dowd, this one is a good replacement and it saves me from driving downtown for a workout.\n\nRecently I have picked up swimming in the mornings before work...
Everyone is so nice, tons of different beers to choose from, including a mix your own 6 pack deal and, just 3 words, Mason Dixon Dog!
The gyro bread is toasted, but still soft and it is loaded with meat like your grandma would try to feed you.
Just moved here and to be totally honest I think the food here is so plain.
Oh yeah, you should also stay away from the chicken strips.
They had a band that was playing ridiculously loudly until well past midnight.
The first person we encountered was so sweet and I could tell she really wanted to help us and god bless her she got us right in (thank you) and I am sorry I never got your name.
They had storefront on liberty between what I believe was a movie rental joint and an indie theater.
Perfect blend of authentic Mexican flavors and textures with a bit of a Hawaiian twist.
When the family moved to New York City after Henry Clay struck it rich in the steel business, they kept their house in Pittsburgh for return visits to the city; 93% of what's in the house is original to the Frick family, which always makes a house tour more interesting to me.
Everyone was smiling and nice, and we were given a table outside.
The food tasted amazing, and there were lots of local foods highlighted.
Everything is made fresh so sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food.
The crepe itself was nice and fluffy, with a good amount of veggies in the middle.
I rounded up a 3.5 trip due to the great staff and eclectic atmosphere.
In my opinion what really drives this dish to excellence is the Vietnamese dipping sauce (nuoc cham).
Despite not being the most comfortable of seats, it was by far the most enchanting part of the patio.\n\nI thought the pizza was \""eh.\"" The dough was a little \""doughy' for my taste.
The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.
Al Mike's is my favorite neighborhood bar in Charlotte, NC.
It's always warm, and hits the spot!
Service was very fast and very attentive, and very nice.
Just sayin'.\n\nAgain, these bullets should be taken with a grain of salt as the alternatives are more \""nice to haves\"" rather than \""musts\"" when checking off boxes for prospective hotels.
It is pretty intimate so don't come here unless you want to sweat and if you like this type of music that really shouldn't be a problem.
but its always good and they have a ton of beer to choose from both on tap and bottles.
I can't say enough for Bethany and her team of prepared foods colleagues.
Fresh ingredients, simple preparation, reasonable prices.
\n\nService can be a little slow, but definitely worth it.
Immediately my expectations are exceeded as a lady behind the desk responds to a radio call from the staff upstairs announcing that her radio (which is strapped to her body) vibrates every time someone calls her and she \""kinda likes it\"".
Overall I would say I was pleased & that we will be returning there again.
God.\n\nThe best crab-cakes I have ever had in my entire life.
Makes a great breakfast the next day outta the fridge!!\nThe beer selection is admirable.
Liz who coordinates the special events is definitely in charge and runs a tight ship, making any event there go seamlessly.
McFaddens and Bettis's are tops on that list.
\n\nI also LOVE how the shopkeepers don't keep a hawk's eyes on you.
Thanks to Yelp and Monty's for the free check-in coffee.
The owners were actually sitting at the bar at the same time and seemed to know most of the regulars as well.
Great Mexican at a great price.
Highly recommend for dates and time with friends!
Wings were 35 cents a piece, had a choice of 5 different marinades, and were quite good.
Small cute place with excellent food: I liked every item I had which doesn't happen very often.
Fatima in particular is so sweet, remembers my name and where I live, and goes above and beyond to make me feel like a valued customer.
She told me about a cool neighborhood bar with 10 minutes of the hotel.
Great atmosphere, great food and great service!
So they kindly took my name and number and said whenever they came across it again they would give me a call.
If you want true, simple, excellent Italian food, Ristorante Luce will deliver.
There isn't a bad thing in the menu.
I'll give them another chance on the pizza, but even if you don't have that, try the pasta.
I'd put their rib tips, ribs, and bbq up against any of the local bbq spots without a doubt.....it's just that darn good.
If your in Charlotte definitely make your way to Cajun Queen, highly recommend making a reservation you will be seated quickly and highly recommend using there complimentary valet parking you just have to tip the guys, great New Orleans Cajun/creole style food in Charlotte, their Sunday brunch is awesome as well!!!!
Both of us had superior Bloody Mary's.
He was the funniest morning DJ ever to work in Charlotte, a legend, really.
The new dragon ride they just opened up was okay.
And the limited wine selection is the only thing that holds me back from awarding that fifth star.
filet a la blue: done gone to heaven.
Not crazy about football like I use to be when I was a small fry but as far as football teams goes the Steeler are a SOLID TEAM!
I'm grateful to have this place just around the corner and will NEVER go to the HD again.
So on a bright day wandering around the strip, we decided to go to La Prima for some morning coffee.
Don't expect fancy, but do expect a good lunch.
I really enjoyed their french toast.
The service was quick, the staff was friendly and everything seems in order.
Amusement point was the presentation: with the 2 balls for eyes and olive oil half arch below, it looked like a smiley face.
Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive.
The oysters and the pasta were my favorites and the tomatoes were my least - though, still decent.
There was a place like this in Boone called Fat Cats (which also carries vinyl--love it!), but this store carries many more titles in VHS and DVD.
It's very nice and clean, and the location can't be beat.
He offers wonderful advice on all things pet and is great about making himself available to answer questions if you call with a concern.\n\nThe staff is great as well.
Was not disappointed, the pappardelle with sausage was awesome, pizza great, and don't forget the tiramisu!
It is smooth and just terrific!
Tip Top is a great addition to the neighborhood and I look forward to enjoying it again soon.
\n\nAlso, I love the fact that they have live jazz on the piano tues-sat nights starting at 6pm(although tonight he started more like 6:30).
A drink machine is available, but I see many folks bring a small cooler with drinks and a snack for all-day pool lounging.\n\nOutdoor pools are only open Memorial Day to Labor Day, far too short for the Carolina summer, but when you have the chance, do go and enjoy.
A proper holster, some speed loaders, a cleaning kit, a trigger lock and a bunch of 'dummy' bullets so that I can safely practice reloading.
Don't get me wrong, this is clearly their regional interpretation, Im all about the authentic experience, and this was good sauce.
I liked his noodles more than mine (as always) and he offered to swap.
They definitely have a sense of humor about them, though: above the men's and women's bathrooms is a neon sign that reads cock/tails.
\n\nA few other items you'll find at this business: wreaths, terrariums, crafting books, beautiful stationery, and fun garland.
Best I've had outside of Dottie's in SF.\nWe were originally sent there for the coffee and their unique habit of giving you actual heavy cream with it.
Give them a try and you will walk away satisfied.
Some of my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh.
Highly recommended!\n\nI definitely recommend this place but just make sure you are hungry when you go!
Small quaint houses and animals adorn this quiet farmstead.
All and all it was good, however I would recommend to ANY hotel that have guests that are prone to kiss behave and not obey the rules to either NOT have anyone stay in t contiguous room (or on the floor at all) or to warn them prior to checking them in.
The stuff on the menu is good, and they're willing to put together things that aren't on the menu if you ask nicely.
Watch out for the kids and remember to dress warm and always fall with closed hands or you'll take home less fingers than you brought.
My aunt was right, you cannot visit Homestead without stopping to eat at Uno Pizzeria & Grill, it is FANTASTIC!!
But a bar with the best black and tans around.
Thanks for such a wonderful place to stay!
I can not express my thanks & gratitude enough to everyone at Paul's Clock Repair.
One of my Favorite Resturants in Charlotte try the What it is you won't be disapointed !!
The staff was great, food fresh, and a great menu.
A side of broccoli came with the entree and it was good but kind of unremarkable.
The food and shopping selections have improved over the years.
This place serves great coffee and also sells the widest array of whole-bean I have ever seen.
Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff,
The Ribeye was tasty, but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak.
The pastries and sweets are always evolving, so every time you visit there will be something new to try.
Got busy while we were there, Restaurant was clean.
Make sure to have extra napkins.
I went through security in 2 minutes and made it on my plane after grabbing a bagel by 7:30 when I arrived at the airport at 7:15.
After originally writing this review for Open Table, and not until it was completed was I informed that it had to be trimmed to a brief highlight before it would be posted.
Stopped in for the Beef Rendang.\nThe place was busy when I arrived which is a good sign.\nIt was very good except the broccoli on top.
It's a great place on a nice night.
The other dining area downstairs did look a bit fancier and we never went upstairs, which sounded like it was the bar area.\n\nAll in all, it was a great meal and great spot!
I kept a low profile and my Chicago origin and calmly requested the Friday fish fry special.
After speaking with them on the phone I was convinced this would be the place and promptly canceled another appointment so that I could schedule one with Anne Gregory instead.
It's been recently remodeled which makes it really nice.
My partner and I both had the Tip Top burgers and they were wonderful.
Seriously, the pours are generous, and if you MUST bring your own, bring a lot, because the corking fee is very reasonable.
it has garlic, spinach, feta cheese and we usually add some veggie on top.
Bad customer service, Tracy.\n\nNOW, I'd like to tell you about the wonderful things at Holiday Inn City Center.
Odds are, they'll just smile and run off to make it.
The atrium outside the shop is a great sunny spot to sit and read.
As a vegan I like that I have a ton of options here, but that my meat-eating boyfriend is happy too.
Tiramisu was delectable...light, balanced and very flavorful.\n\nHaven't really added much to the raves from previous patrons...just had to chime in our hearty AMEN of agreement.
This was a good steak, folks: tremendous flavor and perfectly cooked.
\n\nAround Christmas time, if you buy a $20 or $25 gift card, you get a free Chick Fil A calendar for the next year with coupons for each month.
They apologized and invited me back to try them again.
The kitchen had my meal ready super quickly as well and I was out the door in under a hour.
The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests.
And while the seats are showing some signs of wear, the good news is the 2,881 seats will be repaired and refurbished to the tune of $450,000.\n\nYou know, it always feels really special here.
Good pho with fair pricing, doesn't get ebtter than this.
The outdoor space, however, is great.
I got a booty call and subsequently had my order wrapped to go, which the waitress was really great about.
The place was pretty busy as I guess there are a lot of hungry kids coming out of the dance studio.
I've really got to roll back to the old alma mater and try their mu-shu as well, but truthfully I'll probably eat way more dumplings than anything else.
This is paradise for beer connoisseurs.
I like the Laguanitas and the Karben4 selections.
We had to visit Charlotte's best cajun joint before we headed home to NYC.
It tends to be a little greasy, but I love the food.
$75 ticket gets you all the beer and food you could want for 3 hours.
Delicious, and I won't go as far as to say I'm a great cook.\n\nOf course I also got some stuffed pork chops and fresh produce.
Steaks were good and chocolate stampeded was very big and very good.
Prices are fair and food can be ordered from the restaurant just opposite.
MMmmmmmm\n\nI feel like I would ruin it by saying more: so please, just got eat some delicious fried chicken here.
The tea and kheer was a nice way to cap off the meal.
*I* judged me, but it was too good to care \""Look away, I am going to lick my plate now...\""\n\nI don't think there was a single thing I didn't love and the fresh omelette was sooo good.
While I haven't tried many of them, the chef's specials seem to be very original to the restaurant.
Capital Grille will validate your parking if you park there.\n\nThe food is very good, but also fairly expensive.
Had the Cajun omelet for lunch on Mother's Day Big crowd, but staff did a wonderful job.
This is the best place for authentic Italian food.The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!
The staff was also very friendly, so kudos to that!
Seemed like a secret local place that didn't get too crowded - we walked right in on a Saturday night.
I wouldn't say it's the most authentic, but then again, it's delicious and cheap!
It's awesome, although super expensive ($38).
Granted time is of the essence, but the Staff at RiRa handled our group of 19 on a thirsty Thursday evening with ease!
The ushers are helpful and will let you in if you are few minutes late \n\n(Grrr that Pittsburgh parking), speaking of parking I would park at the 9th and Penn garage or the one on liberty and ninth if you can.
Most people I've talked to tend to agree.
They are respectful, cheerful and expert.
.and the weather was beautiful down there so I took advantage.
The seating is not that abundant, however there is plenty of standing room, especially right next to the stage.\n\nI have seen quite a few great shows here and I would say it's an all around fun time, each time.
The place will also accept pets which is a big thumbs up in my book!
Pros: Great homemade food at a great price\nCons: Location\nMy Advice: Go on a Friday or Saturday night, when you can get a Twice-Baked Potato\n\nI have been living in the C-U area for a little over 2 years now and I made my first visit to The Apple Dumplin' just 3 nights ago.
Had a pretty good Groupon for this place- wife enjoyed the collards, fried chicken was finger licking good.
I went with my family, a party of 5, on the 4th of July.
\n\nI like that the corporate Enterprise seems to value this sort of behavior in it's employees, and fosters a positive work environment.
It's a bit too dark roasted for me in that I cannot really taste/smell the characteristics of the beans, but nothing obviously disappointing in general.
It's just something to keep in mind that you may need to call about your pieces if the are taking longer then promised.
Super old school, but quite cool.
We always get a friendly, \""come spend your money with us\"" smile and greeting every time we come, which is wonderful in today's society.
The have a daily beer special 24oz beer for about $2.50.
For drinks, I had the Jameson Rose (which was a vibrant pink...
\n\n4 *'s because it's my first time there and \""Yay!
When I went pin to pick up the shoes another super friendly staff member was there to help me!
Visited the Waldhorn last Friday evening in attempt to fit in the last weekend of their Oktoberfest Celebration.\n\nWhen I think of where I want to eat, German food doesn't exactly jump to the front of the line...
Home of the Italian Army.\n\nVento's is located in the East Liberty section of Pittsburgh right next to Home Depot.
Beautiful place and Pittsburgh is soooo lucky to have it!
Now that is an extra bonus!!
I loved the salad dressing--it's light and delicious and the pumpkin ravioli was excellent as well.
Very clean space, kind of tight to maneuver in there but nothing un-manageable.
The Raspberry Truffle Latte is my personal favorite, but be sure to try their other speciality drinks that they post.
The savory ones (like the smoked salmon), the sweet ones, all of them are just plain great.
For the first time, I felt like a client, not a target.
I also liked their egg rolls and the sauce that came with them.
\n\nOn the note of waiting: there's always a crowd here on Saturday, so grab your cheese number as soon as you get in the door, do the rest of your shopping, then head back to the cheese counter.
She gave great suggestions and my blow out was definitely runway pretty.
They food is always delicious- usually a sweet or savory option plus a classic eggs, toast, meat, bread.
Thank you, Fortunes!\n\nThis place is definately great to grab a good book and chill out for an afternoon on the Strip District!
In my home kitchen, we tend to cook lots of Asian and Indian food, but when we DO go the Latin America route, we want to do it right.
We ordered a lot of appetizers to share and all of them were delightful.
The place is small, with a huge bar in the middle.
Talk about true to it's name - this place lives up to it!!
This gym is impressive; it ranks up there with some of the pricier gyms (equinox and NYSC) I have been a member of.
I chose the chicken, with included onions, peppers, mushrooms, and zucchini, and a great portion size...especially for the price.
The ice cream is nothing special but its the booths and the menus and the pretty decor that really got me.
Overall it is better than your typical Hampton with some great little touches.
There are four sections to the buffet which by far is the greatest value.
Obviously there are a large group of regulars who dine here often.\nPros: BYOB, tasty food, reasonable noise level, outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally, friendly and attentive service (if a bit unpolished).\nCons: Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor, tables are packed every which way into the available interior space.
it was the best turkey I have ever eaten!
Love me a hot dog; especially Chicago dog.
You know how JImmy Buffet has Cheeseburger in Paradise?
The service and prices are just as good!
\n\nYou usually think: cold, over-heated, dry....and your usual statement is \""it was good, FOR catering\""\n\nNOT the case this time, it wasn't just good for catering, it was extremely fresh, delicious and good, for consumption.
At least those are the things I always walk away from the place remembering.\n\nThis location is no different, great staff and comfortable atmosphere to relax with no rush to dining.\n\nThe parking is pretty non existent here so I suggest valet.
Beautiful decor, friendly service, and delicious food.
It's a great date or small group place.
Papa J's is by far my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, my hometown.
BFF 2 said she had heard all about it and she too had been dying to go, and so it was decided.
The friend I go with gets the French Dip and sings its praises all day long.\n\nThe prices are a bit on the high side - over $10 for lunch - but frankly, the food is so good I'm glad to pay the extra couple of dollars.
Staff was very nice, was flexible with scheduling, and explained exam during each step.
The waiter apologized and don't get me wrong, there was great service, but I still ended up paying full fare for half a meal.
I had a great time at Sushi Kim and would gladly recommend the Korean BBQ buffet special.
or maybe, next time don't be as dumb as me and say out loud you want to share....
Upgraded passes also include Scarowinds, priority seating on popular rides, or admission to other Cedar Fair parks around the country if you travel.\n\nMaybe because I'm a native to the area, but I can't imagine summer without Carowinds.
It's definitely for the expense account crowd.
Love the sour dough bread...they make great grilled cheese.
I really enjoyed Barrington's the only time I've visited.
Worth every penny and every minute.
Really good quality old school Italian in the downtown business district.
I went Monday 12/10 and the young man working the drive thru window was very pleasant.
Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.
\n\nThey share parking with the Mozart apartment building on the corner of Centre and Aiken, and it's easy to miss.
The Bolognese sauce on tagliatelle pasta (I think the menu has it on rigatoni) was as good as what I had in Italy.
This is my all time favorite restaurant in Bloomfield.
Even more awesome was the food.
A big plus is that, unlike the Point, they take debit cards at the ticket line AND at the treat counter.
It's a pretty small space with plenty of wood surrounding the bar up front and a small booth filled dining room in the back.
Bonus: they have Twizzler Tuesday's, free chicklets (old school - love it!) etc.
\n\nBreakfast buffet (part of my room pkg) was good and plentiful.
Also, I would highly recommend the Dry Chili Chicken off the Chinse menu.
What really stood out was the soups...we had wedding and minestrone ...both were very hearty...and full of flavor ...\n\nWaitress was friendly and timely and lunch times prices can't be beat considering their big portions :)
The upstairs room is a decent size and would comfortably hold around 75 people.
My second fave in the city after Point Brugge.
The server was very nice and attentive, giving us time to enjoy the experience.\n\nSave your Benjamin's and when you're ready to splurge treat yourself to a night at Carpe Diem!
The room was good, it actually had king size pillows for a king size bed!!
It's upscale without being stuffy, and a great place for a dinner out.\n\nYou can find many of the standard American restaurant offerings on the Harper's menu: steaks, burgers, pizzas, chicken, and the stray pasta dish.
Definitely going to keep coming back here and enjoying the space/drinks!
We really enjoyed our drinks (get Planters Punch), salads, Shrimp etoufee' and Chicken Diane.
Parking is reasonable with easy access.
If you wanted to dress up, that'd be fine, and if you wanted to be a little more casual, that'd be fine, too.
I would definitely go back again.
If you're just driving by and not stopping, you're missing out.
My fiance usually gets the walleye and loves it.
My only complaint was the A/C in our room was acting really wacky and not coming on and the drinks at the bar (which the patio is a great area outside to relax) were kinda pricey.
We'll do it in 2011 and Super Bowl XLVI in indianapolis!
I've yet to meet a restaurant worth a 2-hour wait.
\n\nAs I mentioned it doesn't look or taste quite like a traditional pizza.
\n\nSome other airports need to come study this airport's success and learn a thing or 20.
The mac and cheese is delicious as are the greens and green beans.
The property is wonderful and the owners incredibly nice.
\nThe place was clean and the staff was friendly.
recommended Eden Cleaners, so I rushed right over.
The friendliest service, treated me and my lady like kings and queens.
The proportions are HUGE and they give you more than enough injera to finish your dish (and someone else's!).\n\nFriendly, hole in the wall place.
\n\nMarriott does well with creating a comfortable home away from home: comfy desk chair, ample desk space with plenty of outlets, and my personal favorite, the ipod docking station.
Good selection of drinks and due to certain restricitions on my diet, i did not have any meat, but have before and the shredded beef, three glass chicken, ad
Ri Ra BBQ Sauce 4.9 stars, Fries (someone loved them) 3.2 stars.
Then they took me to a nook of the main floor, which is like a gymnastics floor covered in huge rock climbing walls.
Best choice for hearty, simple popular Italian dishes I took my parents there for dinner and we all enjoyed our meal.
And I heart the Girl Scout Thin Mint Blizzard.
I definitely recommend Fujos for lunch.
If I were meeting a group of people here, I'd definitely come back, but on my own, maybe not.
Immediately, a young lady came out and asked if she could help me, then proceeded to knowledgeably guide me to a potted azalea and a potted daisy.
Good Customer service always makes you come back!
This is great if you don't feel like going out to eat.
Price wasn't too bad, I would go here again
The manager was great and understood completely.
I hear the brunch is amazing and super affordable.
The lady who ran this did a wonderful job of keeping things stocked and clean.
They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.
The Jet Room is a diner with a great view the Wisconsin Aviation Airport runway.
\nWe started with the fried pickles, based on previous reviews, and they were perfectly done.\nKR had the Rooster sandwich and enjoyed it so much, she only offered me a tiny bite, As I'm unable to order the same, I was forced to the Tip Top burger, and was not disappointed.
\n\nI LOVE Anthropologie but I can neither afford nor fit into their $85 size 0 tshirts.
Interestingly enough the restaurant in the hotel has the best sushi in Pittsburgh.
Everything was delicious, especially the complimentary bread and they olive oil-based stuff you can put on it.
For if you're looking for fast, fresh and ample, this is it.
the service was good and the people friendly.
I usually have to connect here and it's not too bad.
I had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate.
Looks like they will have it in bottles to go soon so I hope I can catch that.
Once everyone is gone, it's nice.
The lox I think is my favorite and I'd love to come back to try a Cinnamon one.
I've seen such a wide variety of people there and everyone is always having a great time.\n\nBesides, the drinks are super strong and cheap - that alone is good enough for me.
It was one of the best salon experiences I've ever had.
Monterrey delivered great food, great service at a reasonable price.
Good for a date or catching up with a friend.
I also had roasted shrimp for my entree, which were delicious!
This is hands-down the best Asian grocery I have visited in Pittsburgh.
I also tried an Irish Whiskey truffle bar that my boyfriend got - I don't care much for dark chocolate so it was too rich for me, but i liked the creamy center.\n\nDefinitely for the chocolate fan - especially if you like dark chocolate, they have countless varieties of it.
I always feel like other places are a rip off with the amount they give.\n\nAlso try the cookies!
Doctor ( I think Johnson) is very knowledgeable and explains everything quite well.
Black cod with Miso: This fish was cooked perfectly and literally melted in the mouth.
Cheese curds came from a bag, but were some of the better ones I've ever tried.
We were supposed to share but ended up downing our own sammiches.
I loved her hair and piercings.
The drinks are amazing, especially the beer selection.
I also don't get too crazy and order anything complicated, though.\n\nSides- I love love love their sides.
For natural ingredients and consistent quality baked goods this place is it.
The bee fren dang and garlic eggplant are favs and husband dear cannot eat enough of the Roti Telur!!
Mamma better slap me, because I just sinned...
The nice lady at the register was nice and friendly.
There's definitely a lot more to have at this italian place than just pasta and red sauce.
Always worth a visit a few times a month.
\n\nThe staff at the front desk and the pro shop are great people, too.
This is an airport with a promising future, and with the rise of Charlotte as a great American city, I'm looking forward to seeing it again in the coming years.
The wait staff was very friendly and came over to ask if we needed anything on a regular basis even though it was close to 10pm.\n\nSpicy noodles were great.
The smell of the warm salt and hot cheese opened my senses.
\n\nThe staff is always well trained.
These are far from our tastes, but they compensate (in our eyes) by taking good care of what they have.
As far as GE's go, this location is great.
And you won't be disappointed by the food and drink options - I have one very fond memory of a long liquid lunch at the Bacardi Rum restaurant (yep - apparently that's a thing).
Great selection of standard and unusual groceries, wonderfully fresh produce, and has the best salad bar and deli.
Everything has great flavor, is hot and fresh.
The place is surprisingly clean and bright for a laundromat.\n\nAs Zoe mentioned the prices are very reasonable and you won't find a cleaner place anywhere near Shadyside.
Service was excellent and you can't beat the prices.
Our waitress, Michelle, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu items as well as the wine she was serving us...that's a HUGE plus in my book.\nWe started off by sharing their fried calamari tossed with cherry peppers...fabulous!
The decor is beautiful, and the service was quick and easy.
We very happily toned it down by that point.
He said it felt just like home.
I like supporting local business and I also wanted to find a garage I could trust.
I remember when you could only get them with strawberries, but blueberries are now an excellent alternative.\n\nTheir coffee is as spectacularly terrible as ever.
Shop accordingly.\n\nThe growler filling station needs help.
Soba is usually my pick to use my free entree coupon from the Big Burrito restaurant group and there's a reason I keep going back.
While nothing to write home about, it's not bad by any means.
We had a nice stay here.
The crowd seemed to have doubled by the time my party and I left.
The food is great for lunch.
If you're looking for a cheap, low key, dependable place to go, come home at 8 o'clock one evening, sit in the window, and especially around the holiday season, I assure you that it will be one of the best \""old time\"" meals you'll ever have.
\n\nAnyway, the beans in the burrito were fresh and cooked perfectly, and the rice was also plump and lightly spiced.
The rice was perfectly cooked and not too much either, just the right amount.
Absolutely love this joint and always stop in for a quick brew if in the area!
Great big booths, friendly bartenders, free wifi, and strong drinks.\n\nSpeaking of drinks: are you into fresh-squeezed juices?
My girlfriend took in the Body Works exhibit here recently, and it was awesome.
I digress\n\nAmenities- Very clean, very cozy, very charming.
Fried Mac n cheese was delicious - crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside.
It really provides a lot of opportunities for unique corners to sit in alone and lots of space for groups.\n\nThe coffee is decent.
Not everything is healthy, but there definitely are options.
They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
We also shared a nice selection of cheeses as well and all were absolutely wonderful.\n\nFor dinner my wife had the scallop, even though we had it as an appetizer she wanted more and the dish did not disappoint.
The following things make Ri Ra amazing, no arguments.
Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the neighborhood.
The medics took great care of us.
Driver was very courteous and on time.
Chick-fil-A has pioneered the chicken sandwich, and they do it better than anyone else in town...
My favorite dishes are the salmon cakes and the rice and beans with turkey sausage but that dish tends to be too salty at times.
I walked the aisles with a dear friend who happens to be a master gardener and she was instrumental in telling me more about plants, what types would thrive on my balcony, and which to stay away from given the climate change and season transitioning we are experiencing this September.
I have not been through border controls here, but from what i've heard it's astonishingly swift.
The eggs were good too, I don't want to leave them out, but what egg is going to win again the battle of pancakes v eggs?\n\nBreakfast Breakdown,\n\nThe Food: Delicious!\nThe Value: I believe my two egg combo was $7.99.
On a super cold day when it was already dark & snowing, Matt completed my rental agreement, put on his coat, went outside to get my car & then drove it around so that I just had to hop in.
I'm sure the sound feedback has a lot to do with it as well.
Clean, open, easy to manage, and the stores are open longer than many places I've been to which is great when your travel plans have you up and out all day and night.
I'll say I'm a fan even though I can agree with the other reviewer that customer service here might be an issue.
The frozen food section has a few really good finds that you can't get anywhere else.
I hope they get a better announcer and a better PA system so customers don't have to suffer through the distortion.
If you come here, I would highly recommend carpooling.
I've had about half the list and can tell you I've never regretted my choice.
Wife had the pulled pork and was impressed.
Kudos to Brian (front desk) and Jarrell at the bar - great staff!
I love that they have sushi specials that come with soup or salad at a reasonable price.
\n\nIf you want traditional sushi in a quiet, friendly environment this is your place.
I was seriously impressed with this HGI.
The portions are interesting, it starts out with a couple very small plates (tartare, sashimi) and you're thinking like, \""oh my god, I'm going to be so hungry after this.\"" But they get more substantial with some nigiri and a couple warm plates, and finally a gigantic dessert and at this point you're like, \""oh my god, that was way too much food.\"" Overall, the tasting menu played out nicely.
It's becoming a running joke in my family that I always ask for this for Christmas because it's such a great deal.
Servers were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, but a little on the slow side.
\n\nlegendary, awesome, fantastic, sweet, cheese...oh so much cheese...., epic, beautiful, famous, iconic, local, unique, different, quality......
The lounge got busier and more vibrant as our Friday night went on at Soba Lounge.
My boyfriend enjoys brewing his own beer and the guys here are wonderful.
Meat falls right off the bone and the sides are adequate.
Service was slow, but that was because one of our party insisted that the bartender, her favorite server, serve us in our private room for a party of 8.
The staff is very knowledgeable, although you may get the occasional \""that's a dumb question look.\"" The prices here are a little higher then buying online, but I think it's offsetted by convenience and not paying shipping and handling.\n\nI stumbled into their Country Wines location in the North Hills and found out something that you might find useful- that location has a bigger bottle selection, and they sell clean used bottles for $7.99 a case.
Every time my husband and I have their sushi, it's always fresh and tastes wonderful.
Turns out the old, burned down looking church at the end of Tryon and 11th is actually a great museum for Visual Art - who knew!
they put \""Happy Birthday, ______\"" on the menu without even being asked to do so and take a picture of the entire group.
They have everything and bc I currently am working in the Strip Dist I love being able to walk in there and pick up stuff for dinner on my way home.\n\nI would never, ever come here on the weekend bc I love myself far too much for that.\n\nThis place is always packed.
I see Mad Mex as more Cali Mex with the accent being on fresh ingredients, healthy cooking, and excellent service.
My friends and I refer to this place as the Aquarium.\n\nWho would've thunk one could find such an awesome exotic pet store in the middle of Champaign?\n\nI came here to see whether they had any hedgehogs, and was pleasantly surprised at everything else they had!\n\nYou find tropical fish of all sorts, koi the size of submarines, frogs, lizards, newts, snakes, spiders, birds, and pretty much any furry little creature (including chinchillas, ferrets, etc.)....
Try to Fried Chicken Breast entree, delicious.
Pittsburgh is a town where \""bar food\"" means the exact same menu in every last place you'd drink a beer, with the fryer in heavy rotation.\n\nMy girlfriend and I both had sandwiches, and they were among the best I ever recall eating.
I found the rooms to a nice size, very clean and comfortable.
When Liz and I treat ourselves to breakfast and Jane's homemade strawberry jam, we are welcomed by our first names.
Except, really, the best service would have been if there had been no error to begin with.\n\nThroughout, everyone we met was very gracious, personable, and eager to please.
Their gyros are great - though if you get a normal gyro you will be left smelling, well, like a gyro.
She really seems to care that you are happy with her work.
I love when a server jokes around with the table but is not so intrusive that they act like we're all new BFF's.
She made the experience that began negatively a whole lot better.
There is ususally a sale or special deal to look for on one of the store's front tables, and a wide selection of holiday items.
I ordered the pork bbq sandwich and if was really good.
I had been to the lunch buffet and it has always been alright.
The owner and his wife are delightful and very helpful.
The quote was 850 for the brakes and caliper service and 1050 for the struts as they have to replace both (also true).
It is one of the most beautiful theatres I have been in.
The event involved free adoption to qualified adopters, free micro-chipping for any pet (adopted there or elsewhere), free dog baths, and goodies for both human and furry companions.\n\nI had plans to get Little Man E microchipped during his appointment to take his manhood away (don't worry, we've talked about it and he is fine by it), but when this popped up and said it was free.
Overall, Red Lobster is a great place for me to get my crab fix when I need it.
There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around.
It was very affordable and enjoyable.
The hotel is on the edge of the \""happening\"" area of the city but there is a trolley that runs every 10 minutes up to 10(ish) nightly or a 5 minute cab ride to some of the best restaurants in the area.
With the closing of the Cemetery circa 1992, Ford's - formally Muscles & Fitness remains Madison's only real gym.
The pumpkin ravioli was absolutely delicious although only receiving 5 for the price that was paid was a bit disappointing.
Contrary to popular belief, \""The Blumenthal Performing Arts Center\"" was not a particular building, but a group of entertainment venues which included two theatres, the Belk and Booth in one building uptown.
And yes, I know most people would think that all blues are \""past due\"", but this stuff had the ammonia taste that's the telltale sign that the cheese has gone.) Still love PennMac, but have a little caution.
I gave her a picture of the haircut I wanted and it actually looked better than the picture when she was done.
I'm from Chicago suburbs, so I'm used to townie dive bars and this place is great!
I called this morning to follow up and the lady who answered the phone knew exactly what I was talking about, before I even got the full sentence out!
We bought fudge- the deal was buy one pound, get half a pound for free.
Dog and kid friendly as well.
The drinks are by the can or by the 2-liter.\n\nIn-store, you place the order and they'll either hand it to you at the counter or bring it out to you.
I pretty much assume corn is corn, but not here.
It's trendy, upscale and just a great place to go.
Actually, I'd recommend sharing a portion because there's just way too much food!\n\nDon't forget to get some green tea ice cream for dessert :)
But, with my improved view of their food, I'll take a few missteps in the service part, and overall they've been efficient when I've needed to get in and out during a lunch hour.
Given the large size of the party, the staff was definitely very accommodating.
A hibachi chef (admittedly of varying talents) arrives with a cart of food, and he confirms your orders.\n\nMost of the hibachi chefs are pretty good.
I've also had the crab cake sandwich which is pretty darned fantastic, too.
Then I saw that they had Dogfish Head and East End beers on tap - nice, I figured they'd just have macros.
I was surprised to see reviews complaining about the small portion sizes - sushi is not something that you traditionally expect to find in Cheesecake Factory size portions!\n\nSERVICE:\nService was about average.
Good salad, delicious bread and hummus.
Definitely my go-to for weekend brunch or hangover recovery in Pittsburgh.
Its a very small restaurant with about 15 tables at best.
I encouraged my husband to order it after reading all the rave reviews here.
Wonderful service, delicious sushi and I prefer their traditional menu rather than overly Americanized sushi (with cream cheese, cooked meat, etc).
Never would have expected greek gyros driving by the place.\n\nWe had great service, all the food was delicious and down to earth.
I personally believe that this is one of the nicer GE in the area.
They're genuinely nice and know what they've got on the menu.
The only cornbread I've ever had that's the equal of this is served at Club 83 in Memphis, and I've NEVER had green beans this good!
It isn't absolutely amazing and the lunch portion sizes aren't near as much as a lot of the cheap Chinese places are, but do you really need a to-go box at lunch?\n\nI took a friend and we got the sesame chicken and the general's chicken.
He loves their mac and cheese and grilled cheese sandwiches, though I think he likes their crayons more.\n\nFor a fun family dinner, a good beer, watching a game, getting together with friends, or just experimenting with a new Belgian brew, I strongly recommend D's.
I love going there, parking is a pain, you can park in the lot at the greenway, but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.
This is a McDonald's that makes me want to put my pinky up in the air when dunking chicken mcnuggets into various sauces.
\n\nI can't speak for dinner (yet) but if the food is as good, skip the pretentious Bistroids, and barking manager of Del's, and the potential gunfire from Pleasure Bar...and give them a shot.
Of course the best part is it is Local!!
I've learned a TON!\n\nAnd I've met some amazing people!
I mean it's tender and delicious, but try a steak with a little flavor.
We even left room for dessert which was equally amazing.
\n\nThe potatoes were perfectly cooked and the fruit was tasty as well.
Pesto burgers were definitely the former (I mean seriously, if you're going to mention pesto, shouldn't there be pesto involved in the dish?), roasted garlic was definitely the latter (so simple, so cheap, so tasty).
My favorite is the mini version of their famous burnt almond cake.
In my view, you can't go wrong with Mert's.
We stayed in the historical side and had a very nice if not very large room (queen).
They host good music concerts, and David Sedaris has appeared.
Oh, don't forget their greasy chili gralic fries :)
they offer free samples of current goodies & coffee...
Please don't let it discourage you.
I loved the location, access to parking, convenience, friendliness of the staff.
I got a very attentive serving staff, and met up with many helpful servers!
(my bouquets/centerpieces were faith roses with cream hydrangea)
This is a great date spot with lots of hip young foot traffic.
We waited about 20 minutes for a reservation to be ready.
It's pricey, but worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion.
Usually my gauge for any Indian place it the Chana masala, my favorite dish.
\n\nAnother time I remarked that they had most of the chocolates from one particular company, but not specific one I had grown up loving...
Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and felt like you wanted refinance your home, open up a restaurant house account, rent a cot in the back room, never ever leave, and never eat anything else again??
I would recommend either the red or green curry as both are spicy, flavorful and contain meat and tons of fresh veggies.
We will be back because Allen showed and gave us the best service ever.
Her recommendation to split the truffle dinner and add an appetizer was perfect.
\n\nThe grocery has the best tortillas, tamales, and salsa in town.
The Italian bread is so yummy and makes great bruschetta.
And yes, their sushi is also really good.
the bird foods and treats selections is very good.
I've also had the smoked turkey and brisket sandwiches which were both great- authentic, tasty, with a nice smokey flavor to them.
\n\nLate night staff get swamped regularly, but handle it well.
Rare that service in your business is this good.
This location in particular has been very pleasant.
I can't comment on the Art museum, but I did get to see the car and carriage collection as well as the estate.
He is the one Doctor I have that I feel like actually listens to me and my family, and helps us with all the health problems we have to find solutions.
He was quick, he knew what he was talking about, and gave a really fair price.
I enjoy a good chicken sandwich and their Jerk Chicken Sandwich with grilled pineapple, provolone and roasted red peppers may just be my favorite chicken sandwich ever!
This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.
GR is a MASSIVE store with not just outdoor furniture but they also stock tons and tons of really neat stuff for indoors too.
Although, if you are really concerned, there's a whole wall of mirrors for you to check yourself out, also useful if you want to perfect that Sprinkler move.
\n\nThe roasted beet salad ($10) was a nice start.
The waitresses were super busy with big parties who were there for their Sunday afternoon meals but were no less charming and friendly.\n\nI've been once before and I highly recommend the Fried Green Tomato appetizer that I had last time.
You have bright lights and posters of your favorite 80's actors, you have a humongo rubik's cube and Fast Times at Ridgemont High playing.
I love that you get bread and salad with your pasta dish.\n\nThe decor is pretty cool, and the place is large.
A bottle of Moet went up to $87 so I decided not to get it this time and moved straight to the food.\n\nI began the meal this time with calamari, followed by the tuna again with the bronzini (sea bass) for myself and ended the meal with a light honeycrisp apple pudding cake dessert.
The food is delicious, and sometimes (positively) surprising.
TSA Precheck at all concourses as well.
I get my car washed, good service and people that listen to you.
They have, hands down, the best chips and salsa I've had at any Mexican restaurant.
They are also very generous with the bread which i LOVED!!!!\nEvery meal was made to perfection.
This location is now my closest store, so I drop by pretty often.\n\nThis store is pretty average.
I had a portabella mushroom sandwich, and at no point did I wish I'd just ordered a burger.
I mean, HOLYYYY MOTHER THIS IS PERFECT.
I never used to go because it was across the street from the original Elbow Room but three times this summer.
I'm really proud to be a (graduate) Royal, and you should definitely consider Queens.
My mother also got a frozen coffee, and I think I wound up drinking all of it for her.\n\nThe cookies that were there also were great.
The price was $12.25 which is a little high for lunch but it was very enjoyable.
Great service behind the bar on a busy Friday night!
Have I found my new favorite date spot?
That being said, I was staying at the hotel and enjoyed the convenience and was willing to pay more for it.\n\nThey automatically add in a 20% tip.
I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and hope maybe they were just low at the time.
\n\nI chose the Scallops - \""Pan seared sea scallops, olive oil smashed potatoes, black truffle, prosciutto chips.\"" The scallops were some of the largest and best scallops I've ever had.
Definitely a place to be checked out!!!
They remembered our bikes and solved our bike repair issues on the spot.
It's a bit of a haul for me to visit the place, but I'm always glad when I do.
Our waitress was friendly, attentive and quick to refill drinks.
It's a good place to go for brunch with a friend.
I took away a star because they're a bit too pricey still, but they definitely have good food.
Now owned by Cedar Fair, they have added their quality touches to the place, bringing it inline with other regional and national theme parks.\n\nAs others have said, yes the parking is expensive.
They have the best Burnt Almond Torte, so Good!
As we pushed open the door- we were greeted by Robin who quickly seated us, took note of my lack of accent and asked where I was from, and got us going with some great cornbread and butter as we sipped our beers and looked over the menu.
He recommended the best bulk rice (basmati) and the best bulk lentils (green) for the dish and now I just want to stop in casually to ask him how his weightlifting is going!\n\nThe sliced almonds I bought at Salem's in North Oakland had bugs in them; The ones I bought here did not.
\n\nI would give 5 stars for the food deliciousness level, but i would give 3 stars for the wait.
No gym or pool but free continental breakfast daily is sufficient for me.
I chose fries as my side and those were good as well.
Their pipe tobacco blends are fantastic, I recommend RLP-6.
Good friendly service both on the phone, and from the delivery driver.
Great place I've been in north Carolina for 3 years now and I've seen this place and was always scared to go in due to it looking small.
I would recommend parking in the garage for the office building next door to the restaurant.
My HOA volunteers thank you and we'll be back...with more notice next time
One of the best I've seen.
The lady was OK, but she was behind the counter mostly and didn't do much to make us feel welcome.
You're an inspiration 2 athletes everywhere!!!
Wife had a hibachi craving, and fellas, we all know how that goes...best to say, yes dear and ask where, and the \""when\"" is immediately.
The aquarium area is a little nicer and brighter.
They were just kidding I think.
However, recently I stopped in for a shoulder platter, and everything was great, so go figure.
This is my favorite bar on campus.\n\nIt is a solid pub where they serve cheap and delicious beer.
Menu is fun to read.\n\nBeers also aren't overpriced.
I haven't been home to Pittsburgh for a while and I was really excited to get out and explore the food scene.
Save room for the baklava, and don't share - you'll want your own piece.
She presented the wine flawlessly and presented a hand written note for her.
He is also so kind to my daughter - who loves to go with daddy to get his hair cut.
The food is good and its CHEAP.\n\nI mean REALLY INEXPENSIVE.\n\n$4.00 for a burger and fries.
They also have good curry/rice dishes.
Made to order deli-sandwiches, cheese, fudge, a New Glarus beverage and Southern Comfort?
It's kinda awesome.\n\nAnyway, both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top...
After two orders, he said 'Blake?' Yes ma'am!
It's not the best atmosphere, but the food is delicious..
My husband on the other hand, LOVED every single one of them!
His meal came with a salad or soup, mine did not.\n\nThey started our meal with rolls and butter.....I wish I got to try the bread and oil dip that I saw a few other people wrote about!\n\nTHe price point was close to $20 per person.
There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!!
I fell in love with the Double Door a few years ago when I first moved to Charlotte.
We split a side.\n\nPluses - great service, great steak...minuses - waiting for table, calamari peppers, price...sides should not be double digits in price
Only place I've been that had East End Homewood Reserve on tap for me to try (exciting for a beer dork like me, and it is tasty, by the way).
They are hot, properly seasoned, and perfect just the way they are.
I just wish their prices were a bit lower.
It's only peculiar item was that the prosciutto was almost off to the side and not in the pasta which I found to be odd but I still enjoyed it.
I should've asked about that damn cheese wheel...\n\nFor the main course, I got the veal chop milanese and it was perfect.
Well, at least it pales in comparison to the USA's collection of mainstream theatres.
After 2 visits you have gotten your money's worth.
Both were amazing, filling, AND i got to use the wifi there for a couple hours on a Sunday morning with no nasty looks from the staff (it was crowded but no line).
Staff was welcoming and the bartender helped us find beers our guests would like.
We started with the goat cheese appetizer which was creamy and decadent, though didn't scream \""goat cheese\"" to me.
The restaurant is very clean and spacious.
For being bar food it was actually pretty spectacular.
It is a little more expensive than salsariats and qdoba but you get more food for your money and you are helping a small business by going here!
I LOVE BRUNCH and Casbah took the cake.
Great food and service, very pleased with my Valentine's day dinner here.
Has anyone ever seen the movie 'Nothing But Trouble'?
But they were free so can't complain too much.
Cajun shrimp butter was fantastic too!
I only tried the chicken but it was huge and so packed with filling and flavor, all I can really say is Yum...Yum!!!
love the small plates and the idea of being able to grab a drink at some small bites in the bar.
The place really has a grass roots feel to it and I love it.\n\nI would suggest anyone to come check out a show here and support this local theater.
The in-house ground beef is so much better than what those trendy burger bars are offering right now.
As the previous reviewer mentioned, this is a newly remodeled facility which has turned out wonderfully.
I was very impressed.\nThe Staff was very helpful and happy to assist me.
Our waiter was really nice and attentive.
The other time I went with my wife and my 18 year old cousin and we had to leave the premises because despite being a restaurant, if you are under 21, you must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
I suppose I'm biased because I've always loved raptors, owls particularly.
The chicken and beef are both fantastic, and don't miss out on the potato salad, the cornbread, or the cobbler.
This place might beat out trader joe's for me for regular grocery trips, when I have to buy like, lettuce, and shampoo.
Our favorite place in Pittsburgh for Thai food!
You can tell the neighborhood loves this place because like other Charlotte favorites we've found it packed all the time.
Great place for hiking - the trails are pretty clear and there are lots of them!
Reserve 2-3 hours to enjoy the museum.
In addition the portion size was pretty large and the chicken was cooked perfectly and not dry at all.
In addition to sweet treats like donuts and bear claws, they also have lunch and dinner options for cheap.
I have been here many times and always had great fast service.
Order what you want and accept you are done for the day!
I consider myself a lucky girl to live in Pittsburgh's own Little Italy (although it has taken it's toll on my waist line, truth be told).
If we would've been hungrier the pies looked amazing but our bellies had reached their capacity.\n\nOverall quality, its traditional american diner feel w/ a twist of Madison.
our two small kids are just fine with buttered spaghetti noodles and parm cheese.\n\nWait staff was very good.
The hot and spicy squid was really good.
Also did not have my regular waiter so hopefully will get him back.
So much on the menu, I wish I could have tried more.
The buns, the all beef dog with that welcome \""snap\"" when you bite it...yum.
I hope never to need the services of an oral surgeon again, but in case I do I feel better knowing of Dr Marashi.
They make sushi as well and it is expensive but it really does taste a million times better than the Giant Eagle stuff.
On the down side, it's pretty small and very crowded around lunch time.
fish is about as fresh as you will find in Pittbsurgh.
However, if I'm looking for a fine dining experience, one where the ingredients are creative and innovative, I'll definitely return here.
Klavon's is a wonderful slice of history.
I love their focus on sourcing from vendors as local as possible.
If you aren't in a crazy rush, your money won't go farther for better food anywhere in Market Square.
Just as you're admiring his steadfastness, POP goes the rice ladened seaweed as Andy flips the seaweed to create a reverse sushi roll.
The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something.
While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu, the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.
It's a must.\n\nThe white fish and mint is my favorite roll.
I've been here for a brunch which I really enjoyed.
Luckily we drove by the shining light of the Monty's sign and pulled in to the parking lot.
Adding a great texture to the dish.
Great recommendations on beer and appetizer.\n\nWith a Warsteiner Dunkel for him and a Spaten Oktoberfest for me, we started with a Gebackener Ziegenk\u00e4se.
The fajitas arrived fresh and steaming, they were served with tortillas, sour cream, pico, and rice and beans.
And on top of it I am a sucker for ethnic restaurants that have good servers that can connect with customers.
My parents and in laws love this play too!
With all of the TVs and sports paraphernalia it seems like it'd be a great spot to watch a game, although I've never been during the day.
\nI have had the cheese burger which is good, better than fast food.
Once we were downstairs, the guy down there called up a female attendant so that she could show us around the women's spa area and gave us our slippers.\n\nI have to say, for someone who's been to quite a few nice spas, this was more or less par for the course.
My friend had Sheppard's Pie and I had a great Burger with Onion Rings, Red Onion, Ri Ra BBQ Sauce and I threw away the bun fo fun and I'm on a diet, so I say.
I've been to Alexander Michael's a few times now and always have a great time.
Beautiful back patio and large glass doors for when the weather isn't ideal but you still want a view of the outdoors.
Certainly goes on my lists of \""go to\"" hotels when in the area.
Small store but the customer service is fantastic .
For review #100, a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.\n\nCasbah does brunch, lunch and dinner, but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.
Huge portion, perfectly deep-fried, with a really nice, light texture.
I would recommend Perfectta to anyone!
Greens could have been a lil better instead of like leaves but other than that, I loved it.
The soup was warm and hit the spot.
It has a bar atmosphere without the crazy drunks and extremely loud crowd.
You typically don't think much of it in other cases, but do yourself a favor and try Nick's.
Big full head rainfall shower and comfy pillow and mattresses to relax after a long day
So please, even though Walter's is awesome, don't come here--I want this place to myself.
Stayed only one night for the Belk Bowl and it was a comfortable & good night.
I like several of the bars, but just haven't figured out which is my go-to spot.
great cakes and pies and the chicken is what I live for..!
\n\nOur waiter was kind enough to go over all the specials and give us time to look over the menu.
You know that fun 3 step dance.
Croissants, muffins, and other baked goods top the breakfast list, while made-to-order paninis and delicious homemade soups round out the lunch menu.\n\nThe crowd at Enrico's is varied, which I really enjoy.
I've had the best salsa here - again very simple, but very delicious - and isn't that what matters?
I would go back for the food, but the server we had put it over the top for me.
We only had to wait about 20 minutes which is good considering the size of the place and all the people waiting.
Just getting back into reading comics again and it has been an easy transition with this store in town.
If you've never been to the Original House of Pancakes, you don't know what you're missing!
easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.
They put at least half a pound of meat on it, plenty of cheese, tomatoes, and a fresh coleslaw (not the mayonaissey type that I was expecting).
It seems as if they cook there pizza and then top it with the toppings....?
The menu items change every time we're here so sometimes we like it better than others and range from really thrilled by the food to feeling it's ok but are never disappointed.
Pretty old, but since I love indie movies, it's all I have :(
Went here on father's day with my best friend and it was oddly not crowded at 11:30am on a Sunday.
i always get a burger and fries and some of their delightfully delish onion rings!!
It might just save your impression of Uptown.
This has been one of the better hotels I have stayed in.\n\nThe facility is very clean and the staff is very helpful.
But sadly my friends was definitely not edible !
That must be a huge rush to get in front of that many people and perform.
\n\nHere are a couple interesting facts: The mirrors, marble and woodwork in the Grand Lobby are all original.
This is easily the best deal for great Indian food in Charlotte.
For starters I had a fresh spring roll and a fried egg roll.
No attitude at all.\n\nOverall, I find shopping at Saks a better experience than shopping at the Macy's nearby.
The pick up and drop off are efficient, I'm often dropping off in the early hours of the a.m.
On my most recent stay, I arrived in Charlotte much earlier than expected; the wonderful front desk agent checked me into my room at 7:00 a.m.!
\nWhy would you want to go anywhere else after having a sandwich from here?
It is somewhat on the pricey side, but rarely will you be dissapointed with the meal in comparison to the cost.\n\nDespite the location (nestled in a small shopping center), the overall layout is perfect for Italian atmosphere.
Plus, the sauce that your waiter/waitress makes for you is always a nice addition to any meal.
\n\nthe pedi didn't seem as thorough as the usual pedi is, but overall it was a great experience and my nails look fab.
Probably the best night of that guys life next to his wedding (he was the bachelor).\n\nThe guy was a real champ!
I got a cut that's a bit too short (that's the problem with cutting curly hair while wet - it \""shrinks\"" once it dries) but I really like it!\n\nThe hair salon is very trendy.
Nobody wants to be doing business at a body shop for the most part but these folks make it a pleasure.
Good prices and a Pittsburgh Classic.
Chicken and steak, but I never tried them - - too many good seafood choices.
They are most well known for their beautiful, upscale bedding.
But I want Thai food NOWWWWW (feeling very Veruca Salt that day).
She was perfect: friendly, professional, and gave me the exact cut and color that I asked for.
So glad I got to try Lidia's!
Today he temporarily stopped service to help a little girl find her mother.
She's really professional and great at her job!
Overall this was a great experience and will be my destination when I want some great, spicy Cajun cuisine.
I like them so much I just do it up big and get a burrito.
definitely a great spot for lunch and I am assuming a good spot for dinner as well.
Still, a VERY good cut of steak.\nThe meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.
I went last Friday to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary.
\n\nBased on the price of the various rolls, I'm guessing that the David and the First Date were the ones we really liked the best!
The latter is under cover and looks like it would be cool and comfortable on a nice warm day.\n\nOur server was knowledgeable even if he looked like he just rolled off the futon.
These little touches are what make Mardi Gras more than just a bar.\n\nHere are some of my favorite Le Mardi Gras features: smoking, table top pacman, excellent juke box, fantastic bartenders, intimate seating, dark ominous ambiance and lively patrons.
Urbana allows chickens and it would be very nice to be able to take my girls there as well.
They have lots of vegetarian options and a fantastic bakery!
You can enjoy Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh in a day, but since the price is right why not come twice?
Great service, great food at a reasonable price!
Love the margherita DOC, love the dessert.
We split the Ricotta Cavatelli Pasta, prepared thoughtfully with fennel sausage and spinach.
Keeping prices down and providing a great experience is hard at any restaurant but Mert's doesn't skimp when it comes to down home food.
The selection changes constantly, so if you want to find a treasure, you might need to hunt patiently.
Has a local feel, not quite dive-y but pleasantly local.
At $150.00 a pop, yes I've spent a lot here.
\n\nI have introduced numerous friends to sushi at Umi that had never eaten Sushi before and now they love it.
I was standing on a corner eating my Peace, Love, Donuts donuts and thought I noticed signage for crafts.
I chose the \""large load\"" machine, which fit our comforter and mattress pad just fine.
\n\nGood food + good service = good times!\n\nWe will be back!
Their German noodles, \""spaetzel\"" are perfect, red cabbage also.
Salads are good, but this place's secret is their Thursday special, Baked Chicken.
I like Showmars restaurants and this one is no exception.
Looking for something fun to do with the whole family or a group of friends?
It was a reasonable portion of fish cooked well.
Also, I feel guilty at not letting people in on this gem.\n\nTo be clear, I LOVE Redfin Blues for a very SPECIFIC purpose: sitting outside on the patio by the water on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon drinking the bar out of Red Stripe and white wine and eating peel and eat shrimp by the 2 pound bowl with B, Ems, Boyfriend, and whoever else is so lucky.
\n\nEach time I have been the jazz bands that have performed have been awesome!
As noted in another review it was (refreshingly) very clean.
Nothing elaborate, but good quality mass produced stuff - Sam Adams Seasonals, Woodchuck, etc.\n\nThe food's surprisingly good as well.
Another great little surprise wall Bell's Two Hearted on draught here!
A lot has changed since the other reviewers ate here.\n\n1) No more tasting menu - I was dissapointed as this is why I went (and its still mentioned on the web site)\n\n2) They don't seem to be emphasizing local sourcing - on the menu there was only the mention of some local eggs for the creme brulee dessert\n\n3) Focus on lower priced dishes - I was apprehensive at the prices, they are amazingly low\n\nIn any case - dinner was delightful.
As a former employee (8 years) back when Joe H.
There is a Cheers vibe (early 80's sitcom\nabout a Boston bar where \""everyone knows your name\"") and that seems to fare very well with the local residents.
This was a great place for the solo business traveler to dine with a little dignity, a cold martini and some great food last Wednesday night.
Extremely quick and easy to deal with.
It's something like 24 wings for 8 bucks which is not a bad deal.
the turn around here is great if you have somewhere you need to be after dinner but a little too much if you would like to hang out a little and take your time with dinner.
Our room had everything we needed soft towels, clean bathroom, nice kitchen.
Follow the water marks on the ground to wear they carried the coolers to and you'll find help)
I found out about this fine dining spot from a gift certificate I was given.
Open kitchen concept makes the feeling in the restaurant a little more lively.\n\nThe Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet.
They were not hot/piquant; but they actually had good flavor and that is really what counts.
My friend and I enjoyed the generous portion of scramble egg ($7.50), and 2 layers blueberry pancake ($5.00).
So the very next day I bought a french press, went back to Nicholas Coffee, and bought a pound of espresso roast and I've been hooked every since.\n\nThere are many places to get coffee in this city, but this place is the tops on my list!
It was pretty empty; a few early drinkers at the bar and a few couples seated at tables.
I spent a lot of time the last few summers in northern WI on a lake, so it was nice to be back on a lake again- brought back good memories!
Despite being inside an airport, the pecan roll was one of the best I've ever had (just keeping it real).
The second plate had fresh fruit and two scones- citrus and vanilla cream.
I went to Showmars one day with two friends who go there A LOT.
Service was top notch, and the food was excellent.
I came back here after the Tar and Feather party at Wigle Whiskey last night with a friend.
Their salad bar is so fresh and so delicious, that eating salads anywhere else becomes TASTELESS.
Was recommended to this restaurant by the front desk clerk at the Hilton nearby.
The hot dogs are great, you can tell they take pride when they serve their food.
Most importantly, I feel like I can trust them.
No problem with parking and the mall isn't overcrowded at all.
As a vegan I appreciate Indian food & had many options.
The crowd of people in there provided for a quite interesting people-watching experience.
They're fast, pleasant, and they are always busting their tails in this hectic place.
I'll stick to cutting my own bangs as always from now on, but I do recommend getting a trim here.
They are always pouring something tasty by the glass so you don't have to be ready to commit to a bottle.
It is now cozy, cute, and tiny.
And a nice place for a family to come and eat lunch.
All the staff there is also very friendly and attentive.
It has a true neighborhood pub feel.
I had a slice of oreo deliciousness that rocked my world!
The murals are hand painted of the owners and workers and an Irishman and his sister own the restaurant and do the cooking.
Absolute best place to buy a quality bike in Pittsburgh.
Don't forget to check out the packaged hot foods across from the salad bar; same stuff but pre-packaged.
We visited one of the tables and E selected a ball and bandanna and we decided to head out after that.\n\nThis place is amazing for so many different pet oriented things.
I ordered the ham off the bone breakfast (with their special ham, potato pancakes, eggs, and toast) and true to form, it was very good (ham was still relatively moist despite having been on the griddle) and was reasonably priced at about $7.
I did once sit in 4th row orchestra and well, that's pretty damn awesome!
Chilled cucumber salad and the dumplings are worth trying.
Overall, I recommend this restaurant for breakfast
Excellent option for German in Charlotte!
Mine and everybody's favorite course is dessert.
\n\nLike the previous reviews have mentioned if you're looking for hot, fresh well seasoned soul food...this is your place!
This helped tremendously!\n\nWine choices are plentiful, they did a fine job with mixed drinks and everyone was pleased with the drinks.\n\nFood was also excellent.
\n\nAnd now that I've been, I must say, Charlotte Yelpers, you are right on with this one!\n\nI love this incredibly charming historic restaurant and the 4th Ward neighborhood that surrounds it.
My soon-to-be-Mother-in-law loves the Dunhill, so we had an awesome dinner at Monticello the night she arrived.\n\nTo tell the truth, I was expecting the worst (Pasta Primavera with Roasted Red Pepper, I hate you).
It now makes sense why the remodel took so long and it was clearly worth the wait.
There were a few customer service issues I had that I'd like to mention so that others are aware.
Food should be delicious, especially food at any restaurant.\n\nThe chips - so good, so delicious.
Hush puppies weren't as good as Lexington's but the pork was moist and the chicken was great.
The kase spatzle is delicious, and you can't eat at Max's without an order of soft pretzels!
I remember they had a fair selection of beers as well.\n\nLook, you're not going to Primanti's for five-star filet mignon, posh decorations and furnishing and waiters in black ties and suits.\n\nYou're going to Primanti's for a big manly sandwich that gets right to the chase.
However, I will definitely be plopping myself down at that classic bar again in the near future, and who knows, maybe Lot 17 will become my neighborhood go-to spot for grabbing a beer on a whim.\n\nThere was a new, shiny, fancy looking, electronic jukebox that I will definitely have to give a try next time!
It is also very cool to walk into a place and order your beer by saying \""red, ale, amber, port\"" etc.
Went again this past weekend and it's official- I'm in love!
You can get their pies on wheat crust, you can get vegan cheese, and they now even have gluten free pizza.
Thai Cuisine has many traditional dishes as well, don't be afraid to try something you've never had before.
The people working were really nice and our food was good but could have been more evenly distributed, one side of the sandwich was really loaded with everything then the other side was just bread?
This place is a great frame place!
It is wonderful to have such a nice park here in the Carolina's!
Waitstaff was friendly and this was more of a large family gathering than a bar.
The wait staff is very friendly.
I had a taste of the salted fish, which I wasn't a fan of, mainly b/c it was fried, but the rice and peas, I enjoyed as well.\n\nHighly recommended hole in the wall for take-out foodies.
(apparently I wasn't the only one who asked, and it definitely took some doing to get this particular product imported.) Right then they won me over.
Everything went so smoothly, and the staff was so wonderful.
Smoky Jon's is some of the best BBQ I've had in Madison.
It's casual, reasonably priced, offers good food, and the service is very quick.
Thankfully, they have a well-organized (and four-page dense) beer menu that will help you find just the draft or bottle you're looking for.
A true sports bar with plenty of character; I would recommend this place to anyone.
\nA quick word of warning: Tim's adorable, but completely ADD.
I always get great discounts, and all the mechanics are very honest and helpful.
Wait what's that, you would like to have a live blue grass night?..Okay Okay...hold up..you want an historic building to house it all?
Not the best I have had, but any place with crab in an omelette should get credit.\n\nIt was a great brunch and i was stuffed by the end.
We had thought about getting reservations but the hours that came with my gift card said No Reservations.
\n\nIn terms of food, the service was quick, the food was piping hot and quite delicious.
Shadow Lounge has a great variety of acts that it pulls in.\n\nI just went to their Titletown Soul & Funk Party and it was a really great time.
Great airport with lots to shop and eat!
Even the side items were good.
For such a large party, I was glad to see that our glasses were never empty and all our orders were right when they hit the table.
Our waitress, Michelle, great person, even suggested we share because the portions were huge.
Man, I rarely give out 5 stars...check my history you'll see...well, I'm giving Mimosa 5 stars.
Once I walked in, I put myself at ease and just let myself browse and browse and browse.
I thought the one on Saw Mill Run was great but this was i think is way awesomer.
Everything is easy to find, and I'm still surprised that this airport deals with out-of-country flights.\n\nThere is a central food court that is fairly big and even features someone playing live music on a grand piano.
Mostly organic, and I do like how they label things \""local\"" so that we can help our local farmers, and growers.
Nails, ears, bath, and grooming- she looks like a new woman when they're done with her!
\n\nI found myself @ Peking Garden celebrating a friends' completion of his prelims.
The veggie egg rolls were yummy too.\n\nWe ordered 4 full entrees, and threw in their Singapore noodles to make it 5.
So if you want a company to respect that you'll have to leave the state.
Well worth it once you get in.
For my main entree, I got one of the great meat sauce pasta dishes which is everything you expect great Italian food to be.
Lunch was a Carolina Crab Cake Salad which was fabulous.
Grab a box of a dozen, don't even think too hard about the flavors because they're all great, and any cream cheese will be perfect.
Seriously, this place is pretty darn magical.\n\nThe selection here is pretty amazing.
Their desserts are from Signature desserts and they all looked delicious!
free right by the front desk.
As usual, Sheraton pillows are amongst the best.
The creativity is only outdone by the delivery and flavor.
Sadly, I don't often have time to enjoy the rocking chairs, but I still like knowing they're there.
Price is a little on the high side for some of their dishes, but if your looking for a casual place to grab a beer and burger, this is the place.
literally right down the street from my house so in the summer time i can entertain guests by taking them here.
I enjoy this TJ Maxx location.
Ribs are good, and I found out pretty quick that how fast you make nice is directly proportional to how much food you get.
however, the scottish salmon entree was delicious; perhaps the best salmon entree i've had in a restaurant.
I thought that was great service!
Bathroom seemed pretty old and looked wore out due to not having a exhaust fan I believe, paint was chipping and could see poor workmanship.
I've been very impressed and I have to say getting my kids into Anami was probably one of the best decisions I've made for my family.
After a very long night I woke up in my hotel room feeling the effects of the previous night.
I recommend doing the breakfast before your shower in the morning and then go home for the shower afterward or you will smell like the restaurant all day!
But this is a great place to go for a special occasion.
I loved talking with them about being Asian American, growing up in a small town and teaching second generation kids their native tongue.
She automatically knew which cheese to recommend based on what would compliment the meat that we had.
Price is reasonable, and the meat quality is the best in town.
Has a great location right in uptown Charlotte.
This is a great little stop on Smithfield Street.
My wife had the flank steak and it was delicious (she shared a bite).\n\nWine selection was more than adequate and the dessert (cafe la coq) was very good.\n\nI don't give 5 stars easily, so 4 stars from me is very good!
Excellent variety, hearty taste, and pleasurable service.
Granted, your car will smell like BBQ King for days, but it is such a wonderful smell.\n\nA little side note.
They stuff the sandwiches with cole slaw and fries (yummy).
We were two of the only three people there, and it was really quiet, so perfect!\n\nWe were greeted by the bartender who was very knowledgeable and friendly.
Seriously folks, I have been looking for the equal to their steamed dumplings EVERYWHERE (including Chicago's Chinatown) and cannot find any I like nearly as well.
I got a nice healthy side of steamed cauliflower and broccoli (like it mattered at this point), and was able to eat 3/4 of the burger and all my veggies!!\n\nMy only disappointment regarding the place was that they did not have dessert on the menu!!
Be polite, and they will treat you accordingly.
\n\nI continue to recommend this place for good Chinese food at a great price.
Despite the kooky spelling, Kards Unlimited is a great place to shop for a gift.
I had heard so-so reviews from friends so I was a bit skeptical at first but thought that the dinner was very nice!
There's a reward every 50 - I just earned a free pint - and you get the benefit of trying a ridiculously wide selection of beers and learning more about what the craft has to offer.
I\""m a fan\"" I guess that sums it up.
It carries everything from value (Sentry Brands) to premium version of products.
If you are looking to hire a caterer for an event, I hope that this review is helpful for you.
My dad raves about this place and always encourages me to stop in.
To add that personal touch, whenever I make an appointment, they ask me if I'd like the same groomer as last time.
\n\nEvery fall, Rural Hill Farm offers the \""Amazing Maize Maze,\"" a challenging corn maze where you collect clues to find your way out!
There are several other options besides the Chicago dog if you are feeling adventurous.
I also witnessed a birthday party at which the kids were encouraged to yell and scream and be happy.\n\nSome of the exhibits could have used a little bit of maintenence.
Definitely a fan, however I can only make it to D&D occasionally....
Harris Grill is a restaurant in a house that looks like The Addams Family's home, but it doesn't mean you should be afraid to eat there.\n \nYou can either sit out front or hide away in the inside OR sit at the bar with giant TV's that usually have on something more interesting than the latest game, sometimes Discovery Channel or Animal Planet.\n\nThe food is a little pricey but the quality justifies the cost.
The owner, was there during our time and they display outside seating, as well as indoors.
Crowd is good company, bathrooms are surprisingly clean, and there's about five TVs for your viewing pleasure.
I was passing through on a long drive and I was able to rest and relax quite nicely here.
A couple will easily spend $200.
I could feel at home here.\n\nYou definitely want to hit Mapquest or plug in your GPS though.
And WOW, he did an absolutely fantastic job!
But they have fresh pasta you can buy in the front of the house, and they've got great specialty items.
My boyfriend ordered the Thai Beef Salad and I tried the beef and it was amazing.
Sure, I still hit the Co-Op up for some things, but they're the things I know I can only get there.\n\nAnyway, this store is great and it's a neighborhood fixture.
I split a ham and cheese with my friend and we both left full.
I've gotta say, this one is one of my favorites.
A fanastic find and very enjoyable atmoshpere.
I love spicy, cajun style southern cooking and this hits the spot.
However, after munching on the delightful breadbasket (The star of which is definitely the Focaccia bread) left me excited for what was yet to come.
\n\nThat said, their food is delicious.
There was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.
Fountain drinks are self-served as well as some of the sides (such as pasta salads, fruit cups, etc).
and extremely helpful staff.\n\nATM is located on the first floor but the cafeteria and gift shop do take credit/debit cards so if your card is NOT signed be prepared to show ID, it is their policy!
I'm so happy someone finally took the time to actually give my hair a good look and tell me what it needed.
But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna
\n\nI was told they have the best gnocchi in the country.
My daughter (5) loves the ribs, as do I.
Our room was spacious and elegantly decorated.
The staff were friendly, but as another yelper stated.
I would eat this every day, if I lived here, and I didn't have to worry about eating fried foods.
Some BB places are worth the cost and some aren't.
This was maybe the worst part, but everything else was good.
As the other reviews stated, the bread basket was amazing.
I have never come away unimpressed with either the food or the service.
The pea pur\u00e9e was super tasty as was everything they put together.
I feel like my life as a Pittsburgher is enriched just knowing that this place exists, and I can't believe I've been missing out as long as I have been.
They are not as cheap as the share-ride cabs (like badger), but I felt a lot safer and more comfortable in a union cab.
And their pancakes are better than any brunch location out there (NYC included).
I will say that I think they have the best steaks compare to Applebee's and Chilli's.
It was the best I ever had.
Yelp didn't exist when I used to go here, back in the CMU days, but it is still my favorite Soon Du Bu (Tofu Stew) place - we just LOVED it.
I appreciated how he found a table and some chairs to seat us even though they were superbusy.
Holy crap it's good!\n- It's BYO, so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine.\n- On a nice day, inside, but by the big window/door to the left.
But the food was good, and that's what's the most important.
The atmosphere feels more like a gourmet brick oven pizza place than a nice Italian restaurant, but they definitely have a lot more to offer than their pizza (which is also excellent).
Some of these reviews seem like they were expecting fine dining.
The car hops are helpful and friendly, and their food is delicious.
It is the typical greasy spoon and I love it for that.
The staff were very helpful in explaining my options and presenting me with a few choices to get the most bang for my buck.
I found the much touted corned beef hash to be too salty but everything else we ordered was great.
\nOne advice I would give to people who are considering of joining is that you don't have to get the most exclusive membership like gold cove, if you are only going to work out on the machines.
I adored Uptown Coffee as a middle- and high-school student, mostly due to its proximity to the school.
If you want fancy food, this isn't the place for you.
Very reasonably priced, they do a wonderful job with my German Shepherd.
Love love the jerk chicken and collard greens.
I'm happy to report that the situation has finally been settled.
I would have liked the bok choy to be cut a little smaller and the shitakes cut a little bigger, but these are very small complaints about an otherwise very enjoyable dish.\n\nMy mother when with the autumn vegetables and rice cakes, which really weren't \""cakes\"" at all, but more like small balls (about the size of a gnocci) made out of rice noodles.
All the brats, beef, chicken, BACON are all wonderful.
You want clothes that have been respectfully honored for the wearable vintage art they are?
Patio is in the back, so you don't get all the road noise, and is quite pleasant.
If you live in Pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the Steelers or else...
Also, the order came out 1 minute after the wait person brought my coffee; like magic.
The atmosphere is kitschy and cool, and they have something for everyone (even the vegetarians and picky eaters).\n\nThe wait can be a little on the excessive side, so don't hold off until you're hungry.
Um, I love you Rosa.\n\nSo, bring your favorite garments over to Eden Cleaners, they will take great care of them...and you.
This space is so beautiful.\n\ni'm always a sucker for big windows all across the front, but here especially the huge windows and wide building front really opens up the space and provides excellent lighting for the front half of the cafe.\n\nThe layout is unique, with the island, counter, and bar stools in the center and plenty of tables all around.
A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray...
My lunch with salad and two rolls was $ 14.42.\n\nI've been looking for good sushi in Charlotte and have not been able to find it too often.
Definitely one of the better and more upscale modern Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh (excluding Thai food- so many good options).
I used the ship to store feature on the website to get free shipping since the mall is really close to my house.
I'm going to be a regular for sure!
I went to M.C.N salon because I had seen positive reviews on Yelp.
This is the best place we've ever taken our cars to.
\n\nI've had the pleasure to dine here 3 times and although the menu has changed every time I'd like to think I have an excellent idea of the quality of this place.
He performs LASIK on all of the Carolina Panthers, so if the NFL trusts him...
I will be making my friend take me back until I can memorize where the heck it is.\n\nAddendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich.
Seems like the truly scuzzy clientele that someone 3 years ago mentioned have been evaporated to cheaper Dormont bars.
I'll definitely be returning for some banana pudding.
I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad.
Every time we have ordered take out from here, it's been great.
So I called my food in like I always do, and went to pick it up about 10 minutes later.
I was quite surprised to find that I enjoyed them.
The line moves surprisingly fast and the service is great.
I'm always amazed at the different types of displays they have.
It can get kind of crowded in there with limited seating and the atmosphere isn't too great, but it's acceptable.
Food is always great as well as service.
Everything was expertly prepared with balanced flavors and appropriate portioning.
Don't bother eating in, just get take out.
I don't know how close the uptown restaurants are from a walking perspective but a nice place to stay and have a meeting.
Lots of TV channels and free wi-fi.
It is also centrally located between midtown & uptown districts, which is nice if you have people coming from out of town or simply from different sides of town.
I had something that resembled a manhattan while my dining partner had the Bellini and both were good.
Now it is one of my favorites in Charlotte.
We also shared the fantastic pumpkin pancakes.
And sometimes, IF they have the disposable containers, they will let you take your leftovers home.\n\nFolks, this is SO TOTALLY WORTH EVERY PENNY I'VE INVESTED!
In fact, there is nearly anything you could possibly want.
But when we get them, they are lovely too.
The bar is beautiful as well.
The food is really fantastic though and there are good vegetarian options.
I dont understand some of the negative reviews for the staff of this place, since they have always been nice and helpful.
I was pretty anxious about going since it had been quite some time.
Compliments of the chef bc he thought the first one wasn't big enough (looked big & good to me lol).
The prices are good anywhere, but especially for the prime downtown hot spot of market square.
It's a great place to visit even on a Monday evening!
Everyone is just here to have a good time and nobody gets really competitive about the game.\n\nWith plenty of food and drink options and great fans, a Mallards game is a great choice for a night out on a nice night!
Tangy, sweet, and made with high quality chicken.
This co-op is a terrific, small-town shop that offers good food in a nice setting.\n\nI shop the co-op for massive bricks of fresh tofu, bulk foods, and assorted other tasty vegan treats.
I was a little wary of trying the un-labeled wine, but it was wonderful and warming.
Seems like this hotel has been there for quite some time, but has steadily been maintained and updated.
A good traditional beer selection along with traditional favorites such as wurst and schnitzel.
Yes, the store is small and usually crowded and the majority of the people who shop who here completely unaware they are NOT the only people on the planet.
\""Pittsburgh Dad\"" would love this place n'at!!
I like that the atrium area holds not only foods, bars, coffee shops, but also shopping wares.
Definitely go here when you have the hankering for Chinese.
El Toro is less than 5 minutes from where I live and based on the reviews here it seemed like a solid choice.
After a morning of Thrift Store hunting, a friend and I were thinking of lunch, and he suggested Emil's after he'd seen Chris Sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and I had not.
The lobster is the best lobster I've had (and I live in Seattle).\n\n-They also have a great selection of local and import beer.
\n\nWell, Sunnyledge is kind of a bed and breakfast type lodging but on Fridays from 6-8, they have their happy hour.
But it's a great place, that's what I'm trying to say and I'll for sure be back to get my proper English lady on!
I slept like a baby & didn't notice any city noise on 10th floor.
I've been to this place a couple of times and we've always had good food.
Clean rooms, comfy beds and nice staff.
A very nice brewpub - a recent and extensive renovation provides great atmosphere.
They offered us some samples of cheese and offered to place some of my items on the counter for me so I could be hands free to shop some more.
Not their fault, but in a sense it adds to the ambiance.
\n\nThey also have this amazing soup that seems to have magical powers when it comes to curing a cold.
I lunch there a few weeks ago and enjoyed it so we decided to try dinner last night.
They have such a huge selection of products.
I am staying at the Holiday Inn across the street so this is a good low-key find right next to my hotel.
U must go and enjoy this unique grille.
Seating is limited so expect to wait to be seated on a weekend because the locals flock to this place since its the only place nearby serving a good breakfast other than fast food.
I was pretty certain that she had UTI and it was confirmed.
The train is clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and attentive.
From the outside you could easily miss it, blending into the surrounding neighborhood, but the inside definitely lets you know where you are.
They each know the menu really well.
I was able to walk around the downtown area with no problem.
This place is totally a trip, but so charming.
Bobby and I stopped here for dinner on Saturday to celebrate his birthday as well as the anniversary of him dealing with me for 3 years (ha-ha)\n\nFor drinks, Bobby ordered a long island (you probably could've guessed that though) & I ordered a glass of sangria (The original.
The dish wasn't as great as I thought it would be and I had immediate food-envy when my finacee's dish was placed in front of him - piping hot scallops, shrimp and lobster over grits and brown gravy - WOW!
As out of town visitors we were very pleased to find the Waldhorn, and plan to visit again.
It's always been good and reasonably priced.
We were riding around, trying to find a place that didn't have a 4 day wait and would satisfy a monstrous appetite.
It would be great if they had men's and women's large family locker rooms rather that single rooms.\n\nMy four stat rating is based primarily on the pools.
well then you're in for a surprise.
In general the soups are hit or miss, but a real hit is the triple squash or Butternut squash, something like that.
Hilarious especially when you see such a place in the Southeast.
I had my rehearsal dinner here for a pizza party and it was TOP NOTCH.
The lot next to Soba was full, and there's only one way in/out, so it was pretty much impossible to get out of after we realized it was full - don't even bother, just drive around until you find street parking somewhere.\n\nOur disgruntled-ness quickly wore off when we stepped inside.
The staff is friendly and fairly formal, but not over-the-top.
One of my favorite spots in Charlotte.
The new \""small plates\"" are a great addition to an already great menu selection.
I was too busy enjoying mine.\n\nI ordered the Turtle Sundae.
What amazed me just as much was the beatuiful theatre the performance was shown in.\n\nBuilt in 1927, the Benedum Center is awe-inspiring and magical.
\n\nThe coffee by the cup is very reasonably priced, and you can buy coffee in bulk, or buy a few sample packs to find your favorite brew before buying by the pound.
\n\nThe rest of my party all had mixed responses.
Even my wife and I were entertained.
It's immense charm makes up for the fact that it is slightly outdated and still pricey at $10.
Oh heavens, it was so good.
I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was good.
A couple things about happy hour- late happy hour is awesome, martini happy hour is awesome, but the happy hour menu is super limited.
It was pretty yummy but the steak had too much fat on it.
The mozzarella came out in large slices, and the waitress had recommended I dress it with balsamic vinegar which I did and it was excellent.\n\nMy friend ordered the Italian wedding soup and I found it a little bland but he loved the soup.
There are even some higher end boutique-ey stores like Costa etc.
I went for lunch on election day 2010 and though the place was packed, our party of two was seated immediately.\n\nThe eggs were decent; nothing special.
There are great food options all over the airport, plus a really beautiful atrium with dozens of rocking chairs where you can take a load off and people watch for a while.
We tried the NC Hefeweizen (wheat beer normally served with citrus fruit), the prices were pretty reasonable, $7.50/$8.50 for a 16 oz which is a lot better than the prices in the NY area.
Clam chowder is rich and creamy-- perfect thickness!
I've also enjoyed any sandwich or salad I've ever gotten here.
I like the noodle soups especially.
They take their time, ask you questions and treat you like a person instead of another number in a long line.
Came in here just reading some reviews, figured, I'll give it a shot, they were good.\nI walked in to an empty restaurant and was worried, but the owner Frank was there to greet me and how pleasant he was.
There's one table in almost a cubby hole with curtains that I guess you could close if you wanted, and it's an awesome seat.
He dragged me there, because he'd been there before and said it was pretty awesome, me, well I was a little scared of heights.
I'm only (half) joking about the star thing.
The service was good the food was great!
The folks there are helpful and they don't beat around the bush.
Service was decent, dim sum was good but there were some dishes that I was a bit disappointed by, but the ones that were pretty satisfactory included the spareribs in black bean sauce, beef tripe, bean curd, and the shrimp shui mi.\n\nJust a tip - be careful of which tea that you end up pouring - for some reason, I ended up with a cup full of hot sugar water.
The shrimp and crab risotto was delicious, creamy & buttery, a true risotto.
Our waitress, Corrin was delightful and smart and friendly and lovely.
Good old fashioned diner food with a generous all you can eat prime rib and butterfly shrimp on Saturdays.
The turkey burger is mixed with peppers and onions which adds a really nice flavor to the meat!
The pasta was in a vodka sauce that I could have been happy with for my main dinner.\n\nI then ordered the Filet Mignon, which was hands down the best piece of meat I have ever had in my life to date.
Our daughter seems to enjoy the dinosaurs the most, but she's also intrigued by the art collection!
Definitely get the fried mushrooms, you won't be disapointed.
\n\nI hope to be in Pittsburgh again very soon and will definitely go back to Lidia's.
Loving all things carbs, I checked online and they were open early.
The burgers are huge and flavorful.
The service was ok, not really over excited to serve but I imagine that's because this place gets really packed so they stick to the business at hand.
I'm not sure that any TJ Maxx in Western PA has as good of a selection as the Johnstown TJ Maxx, (yes, that's right, I really did say Johnstown) but this one is pretty close.
It's easy to miss, but it is right across the street from Shadyside Hospital.
You'd be surprised the crowd you get here on any night of the week.
What an ideal combination of flavors.
The sauce was interesting and unlike anything I've ever had before.
Inventory and customer service aren't particularly stellar but isn't poor either.
Well the food was just outstanding also.
Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
The sandwiches are moderately priced and good.
mmmmmmmmmm i just had a moment.\n\nthe salmon was cooked just right--where it flakes but it's still moist and it was seasoned perfectly.
Even the TV couldn't drown out their \""delight\"" in having a king sized bed.
And boy do I wish I heard about this place 10 years ago!
Great place to meet friends and then go to a game.
I appreciate the heads up and I'm happy they respect my decision of not making repairs unless it's a safety issue.
I really like their salsa and guacamole.
This is my monthly treat to myself!
I wasn't crazy about the avocado egg rolls, but the chocolate chip sundae was superb.
It's so good that it actually makes me smile thinking about it.
The service was good and the food came out very soon after we ordered.
Hands down the best way to improve mental health: a glass of wine at the Wine Vault.
I enjoyed the laid-back feel of the place and the hustle and bustle of conversations struck an exacting balance.
I would recommend calling ahead before you book to find out if any parties have been scheduled, if that kind of thing bothers you.
\n\nParking here is pretty affordable, I'm fairly certain that Daily Parking is still only $6 per day, and long term is $4 per day (thanks Bill F.!).
One night I was watching the Travel channel, they had a show called Top 10 Places to Pig Out.
Great value, great service - CONSISTENTLY.
If only the Panthers were a little better, I might have found it within myself to throw that 5th and final star on top!
Actually, the hallmark of excellence is probably just making really fantastic gyros, which is a thing that Zorba's is all about.
The cole slaw, fries, meat, and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.
Love the carrott juice with ginger YUM!
\n\nEverything was delicious...and the portion sizes were perfect!
They have the best potatoes in the burgh and it's good food that will stick to your ribs!
Was staying at the comfort inn next to Perkins and the clerk told me they gave 10% off for guests.
All syrups should be served warm and they are here, bonus!\nMy son had the crepe Florentine (yes, he's weird) and a hot chocolate and both were delicious.
I'll be seeing you a lot for the next year :)
The Diver Scallop Ravioli w/ cream sauce, wilted greens, and Sriracha gastrique ($8) was my far my favorite dish ordered.
I want to give some kind of feeling for what you'll find here, but the simple answer is - everything.
Lastly this place has THE BEST USO EVER!!
Tuna was perfectly done and contained a good sized lunch portion.
I thought the homemade potato chips were excellent, they came out warm and crispy.
I was perfectly happy with the portion size but my boyfriend was not.
One thing's for certain: If you have a layover here, your arriving and departing flights can't be more than 200 yards apart!\n\n[I can say these things...I'm from CLT!]
My mother and I both agreed that the miso caramel was amazing, and while mom's concept of \""spicy\"" may be questionable, her judgment of things caramel is not.
Hey Betty is such a fun place, and definitely worth a visit if you love vintage!
Once again, they will give it a kick if you ask!\nThe mango dessert is sublime, with just the right amount of sweet creaminess.\nI have never been disappointed.
The line is usually to the door, but it does move fast and they do have a separate takeout/pickup line for those who choose to call ahead.\n\nIt's off the beaten path, but if you have time during the week for lunch and you are near the airport, do yourself a favor and give this place a try.\n\nPlenty of parking is available, and the service is good.
Due to size, it doens't have quite the selection of a store like Borders, but they have good fiction and children's sections, and be sure you will find all the classics here.
After being ripped off by a small family owned auto repair shop in Madison, I was pretty leary of taking my car any where in this city.
When my friend and I walked in, we were immediately greeted by several people.
The cake was beautifully decorated and tasted delicious.
We ordered the fried baby crabs and tofu for appetizers [tofu was divine...not overly cooked], then a sashimi platter, a ramen, an udon, a tonkatsu entree and the spicy pork belly w/kimchee dish [an unusual item for a Japanese restaurant as I believe it's a Korean dish, but wonderfully prepared nevertheless].
If you're looking for a place to relax and take your time, this ain't it.
The fried pickles are ridiculously good!!
The property is far enough away from the nightlife of downtown to allow you to get a good nights sleep.
And, you'll get a quality education at a good price (even though tuition keeps going up).
If you live in Pittsburgh, you may understand how contentious the issue of \""favorite local Thai restaurants\"" is.\n\nSo, I'll begin this review w/ my personal bias: Thai Cuisine is our go-to Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.
That is also a good sign, shows that the place has staying power with the constant line of people inside and outside wanting their food.
The muscle man was apparently the bartender - ok - you can stand there and look pretty as long as you like.\n\nThey carried Pepsi products, so we ordered fresh brewed tea instead, and it was fine.\n\nTotal bill for two for a very satisfying lunch buffet was $20 and some change, very pleasant service AND eye candy, and a quaint trip down 'Scenes From An Italian Restaurant' meets 'Soprano's' memory lane.
The pretzel rolls that came gratis were excellent, and would have been worth an app price if served with a good beer cheese.
Their burnt almond torte is a Pittsburgh staple, and the few other things that I've tried from them have been equally delicious!
Service was prompt and efficient, making for a great overall experience.\n\nI'll be back (a lot)!\n\nOh, and check out the daily food specials - looks like they have some inventive and interesting options!
Lunch buffet had probably the best naan I've tried in many years.
I wanted to play with each flavor, but didn't.
The vegetarian food there is truly so, you don't have to ask if it's made with clam sauce, chicken broth, lard, etc.
You have to get there early in the evening to get the chicken.\n\nThe service is quirky, but I find it charming.
A pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun).
modern priced, comfortable, good ritas and sangria and standard Mexican food done California style.
Fast friendly service at a great price.
Don't go in expecting much, just amazing food at great prices.
The food tastes a lot more \""real\"" than IHOP and Waffle House and it's just overall a better experience.
Upon first meeting him he didn't strike me a what I had in mind as a tattoo artist.
If you asked many of my college friends, they may take the position that the best thing about the C U is the drinking, but I would contend that people who take that position have never left campus or spent time trying to find something to do with their time.
When was the last time that the night staff pulled some food from the refrigerator (gratis) after a midnight arrival caused by flight delays?\n\nThey make everything in-house and it is all extraordinary.
AND I could actually eat the broccoli as it was cooked to perfection which is a big plus.
Everything tasted like \""mom's food.\"" Made fresh to order, and very satisfying.
I like the decor and ambiance.
David's normally doesn't carry anything in my size but the ladies here heard me out and understood that I had spoken to the bride and had gotten the okay to get a dress other than the one she had registered us for.
The spice and citrus were a perfect combination.
II don't think its that dirty but seriously I don't really know for sure because they keep that place like a damn cave, even in the middle of the day!
\n\nThe only thing I wish was a bit better was the wifi situation - luckily I was able to get a bunch done without the need for it.
Best place in town for lengua tacos.
But honestly I don't go to the Jet Room for the food.
(Thankfully, I keep red pepper flakes at work, so I was able to spice it up to my preference.) \n\nThe lunch entree comes with a vegetarian spring roll which is quite small but tasty.
D's is a great dive bar in Regent Square.
I have seen some major shows here, and almost all have been good.
It's best to call ahead if you're really hungry.\n\nThey have tables and booths for seating.
The airport itself, I like that too.
Yes I know it was summer but I also did buy the 2 products that are supposed to help prevent that.
They have great sandwiches and bowls that are enjoyable, The pies are usually fantastic!
Oh yeah and if you were wondering it only cost about half of what other shops in the area were wanting for a similar piece and time.
I wouldn't wait for a special ocassion--perfect for a nice date night.
I was very happy with all of the food that we had and also loved that the prices were good for the quality of food that they were serving.
However I loved how she styled my hair so I ended up buying everything she used because I needed products and you know I have seen a huge difference in my hair.
Hope you do well Tip Top!
I have had nothing but complements on my hair and even my mom( who is always honest) is impressed.
There is no doubt I'm coming back soon for lunch.\n\nOn the service side it was fast, friendly and really nice teamwork among the servers with everyone paying attention to coffee cups getting low, etc.
The basil was a nice touch and fresh.
I met some great people there and the crowd was almost always friendly and fun.
I've had 3 great experiences and 2 so-so experiences.
I decided on the potato and leek soup, which was incredibly creamy and delicious...
The service was excellent, even during the busy lunch rush.
The cake was realllllly delicious.Moist with a crispy kinda crust outside,just perfect.
Best waitress/bartender on the block :)
An hour later I had a new tire, with a great warranty and free roadside assistance x 3.
The perfect amount of soft insides and hard crust.
The beautiful stone walls of this artistic chapel drew me in automatically.
I have recommended more people to this salon and they are also very happy.
I would definitely come back (but not for a Giant game, it was an old fashioned southern a$$ whipping 38-0 OUCH)\n\nWe should have just left after the tailgating.
I'm not really a dessert person, but I was going home to visit and I always like to bring a little bit of Pittsburgh home with me so I stopped in for some goodies.
As I know what a router looks like, I wandered the aisles until I found them, it only took a second.
Ace's employees have been incredibly helpful and nice every time I've gone to the store.
Loved the chocolate, but I like my cheesecake plain.
Simple decor, standard mexican menu, but amazing food.
Well, Lidia's, not Lidia the person.
turkey was a bit dry but large enough portions for leftovers for sure which was nice.
The homemade chips with a side of ranch are amazing!
My go to spot when I just want to relax with some friends.
Well I got the catina bowl the other day, and I've had a few of them.
I think she is one of their junior stylists but she gives a great haircut!
I got the chicken in lemon sauce with grilled artichokes which came with creamy polenta and a veggie (it happened to be cauliflower on that day)- not only was the food fantastic, but it was enough for me to eat two fulls meals.
Best thing is that most combinations or menu items will only run you at about $8-10, with tip and tax about $13.
I like CLT for a \""bigger\"" airport.
Their garlic cheddar bread is divine, and they have some of the best whole grain breads I've ever tasted.
We love their cookies and pastries, going there for goodies is a time honored special treat.
Hands down best cornbread I've ever had.
The place looks like it was decorated about the same time many other cities built up chinatown areas; I like the decor, even if it might be slightly dated.
Much cheaper and we were able to bring wines that we enjoy.
They also have sushi, so if you want that make sure to ask for that menu too.
Great place to have a relaxing lunch / dinner outside in the middle of the hot summer or cool fall - the food is good and the prices are reasonable.
The employees are always so friendly and fast.
Lots of beer choices and they give out free samples.
I love me some Bojangles..\n\nWell a coworker told me and a friend about Gardenia, and I'm glad he did.
Super talented stylist who is always great fun to talk to!
I sprinkled some oregano over and it was great.
The offerings are inventive, like the Irish Spring Rolls filled with corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss cheese.
I enjoy everything and will be back
Everything is all really nice hardwood.
I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction
They have great cheeses and a variety of dried lentils and spices.
You get text updates on the status of your vehicle and they work with insurance to make the process painless.
Not only did he give me one shoe to try on, but unlike other places, allowed me to try the other shoe and yes, I did a little turn on the catwalk to make sure they were right for me.
Go on Half Priced Bottle night!\nI went one night with a friend and had a bottle of Elyse \""Korte Ranch\"" Zin for $35!!!
\n\nWhat a bunch of whinners!\n\nDrinks are served well and timely.
it's a ton of food but oh so good.
I had a great experience with Union Cab when I used them to take me to my rental car for a trip out of town.
If so, this place was straight out of Valkenvania.
From the moment that I checked in I was taken care of.
\nIt was crowded, loud and definitely worth a visit.
First time, at lunch, I think I had a shrimp prik pow, and that was also very nice.\n\nThe Ginger Tea is also great.
there's lots of parking and its a great place to spend the day with the family and or friends.
In my mind, I imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (Textbook movie tailor), so I was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.
I will definitely be coming around more often.
\nThe crepes and coffee are really good, and they have a great selection of French tea.
Couldn't have been happier with the quick, honest, convenient service.
However, the venue was actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel.
I became a fan of the Saucer years ago, when someone told me that there's beer beyond the Bud.
If you're anywhere remotely close to the area, I would highly recommend a visit.
its one of the most interesting downtown residential neighborhoods I've ever been in.
It was delightful and we would order it again.\n\nFor an appetizer we shared the Capesante: grilled sea scallops, shaved fennel, red onion, orange and basil.
They have an awesome tea selection, and I had their organic citrus green tea.
Their selection of natural body and haircare is great and affordable.
The inside of the airport is really nice.
the location of the motel is excellent, next to the walk of fame.
There were honestly a lot of different ones I would have been more than happy with too!\n\nThe one thing I think is very cool and very different is that they offer you a different tea selections with the different tiers of food.
There are a million beers on tap, as you'd expect, so you can grab pretty much anything you'd want, and obviously they've got all the liquors down pat, too.
I was blown away by the beauty of the Benedum!
Friendly, funny, and knowledgeable, he was one of the best parts of the whole experience.
USDA Prime meat (and Choice) is not going to kill you like the crap you get in supermarkets.
I loved the cucumber salad and the kidney bean salad.
I purchased a pair of glasses and sunglasses through Target Optical three years ago and have been very happy with their product and customer service.
Amazing specialty hummus of the day ( i think it was chipotle ranch) and great sandwiches.
Each of the guys that work here are fantastic.
There is a sandwich here that is delicious.
After reading all the great yelp reviews, I took my family, including my out of town mom, for lunch on a Saturday and was not disappointed.
Actually, my dog loves everything about Caring Hands.
Beers were $3, $4 The whole experience was great, fun and we spent only $80 including the tip.
Especially if you want to just go have a nice lunch at the cafe.
Lastly, there is a small fresh fish section in the back.
The pad thai is decent and for those that do not like thai food, there is a chinese menu on the back that my friends contend has been general tso's than the authentic chinese places close by.
The baguette on the side was a nice touch.
\n\nAnother Chicago fav is the pizza puff.
Honestly, it's pretty unassuming from the outside.
Occasionally you can hear people in our town talking about how we need to support the arts.
My partner had one of the chef specials, which was by far the most interesting, but maybe not the tastiest.
Our room was clean & comfortable.
The charcuterie plate worked well as an appetizer for 3 and included a fantastic balsamic dressing.
\n\nThe Seafood Au Gratin was OUTSTANDING.
Been coming to this place in mornings and on lunch breaks almost going on three years now and was quite happy to know that this location was not selected for closing, unlike the ones Park Road and East Boulevard.
This place is close by me, so delivery is always super fast.
I would highly recommend this dish to anyone, whether you're a vegetarian or not.
\n\nThe pros: Fantastic '80s music and videos.
They don't serve lunch specials on Sundays, which is fine because all we wanted were the hotcakes!
one extra star because they are consistent, well priced and chicken tempura and chicken teriyaki are tastey.
A cool shop - definitely a place to buy home decor items or gifts.
Submitted by JULIE MEDLIN, who JUST WON HER CASE!!!!!!!!!Thank you ALAN KRUSCH!
This place is pretty solid on humble authentic atmosphere and recipe/presentation.
I think my favorite was the shrimp, veggies and noodles.
This Dessert was after the meal!\n\nI would go back and get the Leak Soup, though it was Soup of the Day and I would check out the Fried pickles and see what else might look good!
A little expensive but first class customer service and fresh veggies and food all the way around.
On the side, I had yams and greens and a sweet tea to wash it all down.
\n\nIt's definitely worth the trip, but if you are from Charlotte, I'd grab it to go.
It's my go-to place for meeting friends for a meal when we want something tried and true with no froufrou.
The only part of our experience I wish I cloud have changed was the ordering process.
I travel a lot for work and this hotel has the nicest staff of any hotel I've ever stayed in!
\""You really enjoy the hyperbole, don't you?\""\n\""Get up for it, Kathryn!\"" I threw my hands wildly about in the air above me.
\n\nDefiantly the best stop my mother and I had while we were on Walnut street, and i would venture back to the place in a second.\n\nPS the wait staff was also very pleasant and kind.
Love the fish sandwiches, they are all they are cracked up to be.
He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet).
Overall, it is good, and there are lots of great options.
The pizza is average, but they truly do have the best hot dogs in the city.\n\nFinally, bring a growler or buy one of theirs.
Nice find in the Point Breeze neighborhood.
They definitely didn't skimp on my portion of tuna and cooked it well.
I don't know what was on it, but it was definitely a couple notches above the kind of food I expect from these venues.
\n\nMonty's will make it for you if you ask nicely.
Average Italian menu items and good service in a nice setting.
CPCC provides a great learning environment for students of all ages.
I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt, and is always there.
One of the best we've had.
Best deal in town when you run out of something and don't want to pay $7 for another bottle of parsley at Giant Eagle.
Spicy tuna rolls on top of the glass.
I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace, as I'd like to try a lot more on the cheaply priced menu!
The mild & wild sauce is my absolute favorite, I wish I could purchase it.
The bar is well stocked and has many varieties of beer .
but they are a bit thinner than regular pancakes (crepes would be much thinner than this) and rolled up like crepes.
Saw the waffles and pancakes....were huge!
My phone seems to function better without it for some reason.
It's cluttered but not oppressive, and again, it always feels clean and comfortable.
The winner was my veal martini.
Every so often though, I like to wear vintage clothing that I've bought here!\n\nThe collection here is certainly eclectic enough.
Always a lot to choose from and a great atmosphere in the heart of campus.
I was happy to try someone and something new and different for a reading.
Like many others before me I came to the Dor-Stop with high expectations and let me tell you, my expectations were exceeded.\n\nMy girlfriend and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot for a while and the Dor-Stop has always been high on my list to try.\n\nThe place is classic, still has a bar counter, kitschy items adorn the walls and the a feeling that you are dining in your grandmother's restaurant.
This past weekend, my bf and I did a quick trip to Champaign, because we just needed to get out of Chicago for a couple of days.
I will always recommend Barrington's to anyone seeking a special dinner out.
If you want to sit down, watch it on your couch.
\n\nI also like that you can now get a little treat like muffins or different breads.
So please look at the reviews of actual coffee lovers!!
The grated radish and other garnishes are made fresh daily.
Made me feel like hot stuff.\n\nSide note-be sure to bring cash for your tip-you cannot add tips onto your credit card/debit card, so you must have cash for tips.
Beautiful saffron color from the cooked down red lentils, just the right mix of cumin and lemon, and a back end of heat, I'm guessing from Aleppo pepper.
Their Antipasto table is always delicious with seasonal additions.
I'm so glad we have the Food Co-Op in Pittsburgh.
Came to Chet's because of the good reviews it got on Yelp!
Pete, the bartender, is the BEST and will take good care of you!
the largest attraction is US Airways Flight 1549 (miracle on the hudson) ...
The ribs were falling off the bone, the yardbird and very good.
Restaurant, bar, pool, and lobby are nice as well.
The employees were very nice and provided some good insight on what to see and visit.\n\nThe Caps were good, the vibe was great and it is in the heart of the Strip District.
The staff there are always very nice.
Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place, and a lot of fun, w/great staff and an owner who cares - this is as close to CHEERS as you'll ever get
The place is really small so you're lucky to see an open table, grab it.
Good prices for latte's, cappuccino, ect...
I don't know why my dad and I, who couldn't agree on anything, both loved the Steelers.
As I was finishing up, an older gentleman, seemingly a \""regular,\"" came in and was greeted warmly by the waitstaff.
It looks like a popular spot.
Not bad I'm assuming this is the hub for us airways since the entire airport is for us airways.
I really liked the warm bread.
\n\nThen be prepared after your salad there is a pasta course, which I probably could have done without because I was approaching topped off.
Also I've tried the \""Sa Cha Scallops\"" during lunch and definitely a yummy dish!
The exhibit was very interesting and I would recommend checking it before Nov.
Beyond the meal, my server was attentive, knowledgeable and courteous to my requests and expectations.
Also, they do some of the \""unique\"" parts such as tripe, which I am a fan of.\n\nService is reasonably fast, the atmosphere is reasonably dingy in a comforting homey way, and the food is tasty.
I will definitely visit again when I'm in the area!
He did great work for a great price and was completely honest.
The grits were so yummy and rich.
I can say it was worth the $10...not for just the food but the ambiance.
The lunch buffet is perfect for begginers in the Indian food genre.
:) In my opinion, it was good but doesn't do well as a leftover.
The portions are good, the dishes have plenty of meat and the vegetables are always fresh.
As other reviewers have pointed out, going there both breaks and warms your heart.
Not the best Chinese out there but for the price it's pretty solid!
\n\nThe food itself is almost always excellent.
The waitresses have been there for years, they are the best!
I haven't been to this location as much as I have some of the other locations but I do enjoy this location.
I was so happy with my dessert table, everything turned out absolutely beautiful, like out of a wedding catalog!!!\n\nLinda and her husband are such wonderful, warm people and they made this experience so wonderful and stress free for me!!!
i was a little put off by how dirty the place seemed, but the pizza was DELICIOUS.
I add chicken, pico di gallo, habanero salsa, cheese and top it off with tortilla strips.
Seriously, how can you win the hearts of your customers with stinginess.
And she certainly ate her worth of $3.00 salad bar and more.
Staff is Awesome and know a thing or two about movies.
\n- Roasted garlic: loved the cloves sitting on the table.
A relatively shallow pool so I can practice my not-so-good backstroke, a deep pool to swim laps and get that water cardio, a cool water pool with 6-8 lanes, a heated pool, and best of all, an adult-only HOT TUB!!\n\nThe pool itself is really clean and the water is very clear.
I immediately fell in love it.
Although the food is generally nothing special, the fried dumplings hold an especially, soft, doughy spot in my heart.
We go hear often to cheer on the Panthers.
\nDon't let the outside appearance stop you from giving this place a try.
I left feeling very happy and excited for my wedding.
I feel it's important that a Dr.
The wait isn't very long for an entr\u00e9e and that's valuable.
Given how busy they were I do understand and still give high marks for the tasty food and excellent service.
The produce department is world-class, with fresh clean produce that doesn't disappoint.
The food we were served was good and served as requested....they serve breakfast all day, which is really nice.
Dexter's recovered nicely, and as luck would have it, our table became available soon after we grabbed round 2 of drinks.
Your Friday night just got a lot more exciting!
I was pleased to finally find a place in Pittsburgh that's worth it for me to spend some money.
Completely renovated and the spa pedicure chair is amazing...
When you are carrying the above listed items all in one basket, women tend to avoid making eye contact with you, thus making talent hard to judge
I had a prepaid package that I wanted to drop off, and it was taken care of extremely quickly!
I was also told my left front strut was blown (this was true).
Seltzer water had nothing on the masterpeice I created.
It wasn't \""bad\"", it was just \""meh\"".\n\n5.) Oh, yes...
If you are looking for a nail place that takes their time and provides great quality, definitely worth testing out this place.
I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up.
Maybe, but this place is certainly competitive.
It's only a few dollars more for non-residents so if you are visiting from out of town and want to keep your training going, stay at the Hampton or the Hilton for easy access to the MAC.\n\nI have to admit that the facility is old.
As a grocery store, I'm not much of a fan.
Just got back from a trip to the Burgh and of course Klavon's!!!\nStill AWESOME!!!
The prices are good and the food is great.
\n\nThey have a huge variety on both their drink and food menu.
We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.
I also enjoyed the new cocktail menu.
\n\nI've purchased other significant pieces of jewelry (e.g., husband's wedding band) at other high end jewelers and I've never received a card from them...they should take note of Helzberg and follow suit.
I had the rock shrimp pad Thai and it was fantastic and a giant portion.
Huge pieces of fish that were of decent quality.
NOW, we were driving near campus and we drove by Bombay and I am more then happy we stopped.
\n\n\n Don't judge me I'm usually wasted upon arrival to Tom's Diner it's not a place where I plan on ending up just a place that I manage to get lol.\n\nAnyhow the pancakes are good and the wait staff is down to earth and very tolerant.
The service is friendly and fast and the food does not disappoint.
Food is excellent, service fast, huge portions, reasonable prices.
Pizza is delicious chicken ranchero is one of the best pizzas i have ever had and they have a deal where u get xl specialty pizza with free sub or wings deff a must try
The staff is kind and really personable, they are good with the dogs and understand that every dog has different needs.
\n\nYou can tell they really like helping animals.
It's not too far from the Belmont Drive-In Theatre, so you could make a true throw-back experience out of it.
Last year, we bought a jetta sportwagen from them, largely because of the quality of the service we've gotten from the service department.\n\nWe've had to face some pretty large repair bills at times but, I've felt they have been fair and done quality work.
i'm a firm believer in absence makes the heart grow fonder, so i'll just wait until the next time i'm in the area to have another.\n\nthe treats here are definitely worth taking the next week off to exercise and detox on veggies (as i sit here, eating broccoli).
Go ahead and order a drink at the bar (very good cocktails/martinis) and walk over to your table.
Also the lemongrass in the soup broth is so amazing.
My server looked at me like I was nuts when I told her I was finished because it barely looked like I put a dent in my meal.
Fast, fast, fast service, great quality, great taste!
Asked some friends and Myers Park Tailors was recommended over and over.\n\nWalid nailed the exact fit I was looking for at a lower price then I expected to pay.
Did you see how he picked up the whole futomaki (fat roll) and placed it in the clear togo container, fan it out, add an ample handful of shyoga (thinly sliced pickled ginger) and a hunk of wasabi (no explanation needed) with soy sauce in a mini condiment cup.
:) It is a treat to visit the 4th ward.
They had an intriguing section near the front devoted to baking chocolate, with chips, whole bars, and cool things like butterscotch and white chocolate baking pieces.
I come here to play poker and spend time with my poker buddies a couple of nights a week.
Great deals at the end of month.
Prices are super reasonable and portions are hugggge!
I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!
Well, if the front room was filled to the brim with every part under the cycle sun, the back room was equally bursting with every tool imaginable; none of which I knew how to use.
Want to take your special date to a posh dinner?
While some complain about the portion sizes being too small, I've always felt like they were perfect.
I would recommend this place for a quick lunch.
They try hard to make it feel like France by making it narrow, crowded, lacking air conditioning, and cash-only.
Both the rice and beans and cabbage were delicious!
I imagine my cholesterol jumped, however it was delicious food.
Good luck finding one!\n\nFood is not that great, cafeteria style.
They would do well to get a little more variety of beers on tap as well.
Other than that, the food was great as always, I ate it so fast I don't remember what it taste like.
Chicken & Broccoli, Beef Lo-mein, Stir fried rice noodles, steamed pot stickers, & the chicken egg foo young are all great!
Outside is always open and you don't really realize you are outside aside from the non-padded patio chairs and heat lamps all around.\n\nThe food is Mediterranean fusion, not exactly sure what is meant by that but it is good.
I live nearby and it's always a great place to get some good ol southern food done right.
First and foremost, I eat beef about once a month if that--so I hope I can critique this place fairly!
Thank you for that side of caramel and the Caribbean Lemonade recommendation.
Great service too from Maranda, a doll.
Every time we go there we try to get something different, and we're floored by how good the meals are, and how much of it you get.
Cute airport and obviously on its way to becoming a \""big\"" one.
\n\nMy only caveat would be that for items you can find in the grocery store, such as Chocolove bars, you're better off grabbing them at Whole Foods, Giant Eagle, or Right by Nature - you may save about a buck per bar.
So lovely to visit this airport!
I mean, it was the way quiche should be with a crisp light fluffy biscuity crust and a heavy egg base with good flavor - i wanted another piece when I was done.
This includes trying the dress i wanted in the smallest size they had on hand (2) and having their alterations lady drop what she was doing and come pin me up to confirm that it was indeed too big.
Soup and salad were amazing to start with and sushi combination was pretty good.
What a great experience from this perspective!
Friday night was a great night to go, was busy, but not packed and our service was great - even with a waitress in training tagging along!
The chef accommodated one of us who needed gluten free and was very nice about it.
My only complaint was that silly basin sink located at the entrance to the room.\n\nThis hotel is marvelously situated within walking distance to some of the best entertainment and dining in town.
In the end, that's what is most important to me.
It's a great little place w/irish pub ambiance.
Definitely one of the better restaurants I've been to here in Charlotte.
It never fails to surprise me every time that I pull into the place that it somehow keeps the lights on and stays in business.
They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.
Pretty good Thai, though slightly overrated.
This is my 2nd time here and I thought that I attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact I was sooooo hungry.
They're still good, just be warned that if you eat an entire thing of chips your heart might explode.
I learned to have confidence and stand out from a crowd, learned a lot, had great experiences (even learned from some bad ones), met the love of my life and managed to pay off my student loans way before my private school friends had made a dent.\n\nChampaign-Urbana...
I've had a few parties catered by them - and they were overwhelmingly gracious.
One of the best places to buy coffee in the city.
The rest room lines are long but move quickly enough so that you can return to your seat in time for the 2nd act.\n\nThey also offer some VIP packages where you get special \""perks\"" along with better seating for more money.
Our crepes were as good as ever, and including my coffee drink, my bill came in at just over $10.00.\n\nThe owner is very friendly, and normally behind the crepe maker.
The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.\n\nIf you live in LA, forget P F Chang's.
From start to finish, the staff and quality of work of McClintock Heating and Cooling was superb.
Three of us enjoyed three different entrees and all said we would definitely go back.
I recently moved to Charlotte and was on the hunt for a good used book store.
So if you're super hungry go early or later or fill up on their beer first.
Gobble-rito!\n\nI love Mad Mex and all the offerings.
This is our favorite restaurant, bar none.
Like so many other ethnic places, the owner/employee's do a poor job of marketing themselves (they just yell things like chicken when people walk by) but the food is great, service is quick efficient and friendly, and that darn hot sauce is so good (the yellow one).
We were served by Chef Jackie who I found to be friendly and informative.
My mother had the shrimp burger special and said it was perfect.
At least I have many more Tuesdays ahead to take advantage!
The pico is very good and you can taste the fresh cilantro.
But really, they do everything on the menu so well that you can't really complain.
The bartenders were friendly and the mood is more laid back and chill than other bars downtown.
Huge, but if you squeeze you can get your mouth around it.
I asked the server and she said it is for broccoli, pepper, some cheese (and God knows what else!-- too many to list!
I heard from a couple of people that the fish and chips Friday special was something I needed to try and they were not wrong.
I loved it.\n\nThe Pork Shoulder Sandwich was excellent as well.
\n\nThey also have a bread card where you buy 12 loaves, you get one free.
\nFor any Chicagoan's who may read this, it is similar to a Petco, but priced like a PetsMart.
I recently picked up a couple of bread rolls with cream filling which is a Korean delicacy that satisfies your sweet and savory cravings.
By the time I had gotten my entree, we had been drinking a lot of wonderful red wine.
But they add this subtle nutty crunch that is outstanding.
Great place to grab lunch on a beautiful day.\n\nI had the French Quarter Salad w/ grilled chicken and it was fantastic.
Every ingredient was fresh and tasty.
The first was at the Pitt location, which has a better atmosphere in my humble opinion.
Standard beers on tap are always great and their rotating selection usually has a hit as well.
There were still some places open which was nice.
\n\nWith rats, it's sometimes hard to find (even highly experienced) vets who understand that a rat has a personality and bonds with its owner to the same degree as a dog--many people act like pet rats are just large gerbils.
We're just at the first leg and so far we're really happy.
I may be biased because I've been going here since I was a teenager but they are pretty great.
It's like a breakfast sandwich (which I love!) with a burger on it.....HELLO!!???!
We have frequented here for a little over a year and always leave very pleased.
\n\nOur server Juan was awesome, very accommodating, efficient and gave great suggestions.
They give the impression that the airport is glad to have you there rather than it being inconvenienced by your presence.
Just be prepared to enjoy an hour and a half relaxing meal.
The atmosphere is also great and the service is very friendly.
Will definitely return soon and maybe be a little more assertive.
Delicious and huge assortment of donuts!
Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional.
\n\nWe've been by for lunch which is very competitive price wise with nearby restaurants.
I will definitely be back, as often as I can.
\n\nThe service was excellent - our waiter was totally on point and had a great personality, and we made excellent recommendations - I'll get to that in a minute.
I actually debated giving it 3, but ordering from the menu will result in a great experience, so I will go with a 4.
With easy parking, this stadium has a lot of really great qualities, one of them being that it's in great shape (see: no one going to games because we stink).
It's a noisy and busy atmosphere but that was fine since it was fun to talk a bit to our neighbors.
The dining room is very nice and feels like it should be pricey.\n\nWe've had great service every time we've been.
Great atmosphere for a date or special occasion.
\n\nService was great, the refills and warm herb bread with a spicy chili oil kept coming.
The name was catchy, and the food looked cool.
I tried my boyfriend's Lamb Saag dish and loved it also.\n\nWhy is the lunch so affordable?
I haven't been there for dinner but I would definitely return for lunch.
\nMy wife and I were greeted at the counter and took a minute to look over the menu.\nI went with one of their \""house specials\"" the spicy tangerine chicken, ordered with white rice, and an egg roll for $7.
You have cookies, fruit, tiramisu, cakes.\nIf my husband wasn't as full as he was, I would have had him roll me out the door ;-)
Anything with nutella is so good.
I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had flavored coffee!
On weekends it gets incredibly and uncomfortably packed.\n\nI also think it is totally awesome of them to be involve din RAIN's Amazing Bar Crawl which got the the 4th star in my book.\n\nOverall you won't be disappointed.
The mango beef and alu palak were superb.
\n\nOf the YMCA's near Uptown, this is definitely the best and the largest.
This is a great little neighborhood market with a terrific friendly atmosphere.
It's stellar espresso - rich, thick, potent without being sour or bitter, with unique nuances that vary slightly depending on the shot and the weather, but are always fantastic.\n\nThe coffee is also terrific, and Tazza D'Oro uses Batdorf & Bronson beans - the best I've ever had for home grinding.
Beer specials, reasonably priced.\n\nBurgers are awesome!
At least in the way of making a carefully crafted unique martini or cocktail.
Scallops with potatoes and corn hash and some lovely mushrooms as well.
i started with the lobster bisque which was average at best.
I love the layout and the gigantic staircase up to the galleries.
My wife and I have been here twice and have loved it each time!
If you are looking for a really good hot dog I say give them a try and if you know of a better place let me know!
An exceptional pizza delivery spot you will be grateful to attend.
When I moved to the DC area I couldn't find any coffee as good as Prestogeorge's.
Although there are plenty of new brick oven pizza places popping up in the burgh almost monthly, this is still the best.
Seating is hard to come by as well.
That said, Mert's delivered, not greasy food, but high-quality, delicious, heavy Southern food that will absorb anything left in your system, and leave some cholesterol as a gift with purchase.
\n\nWhile I swim in many pools, the HFFA 50 meter pool tends to be one of the cooler (temp wise) practice pools in the Charlotte area.
But I imagine it'll be alot nicer once its all finished.
I'll definitely be coming back to get a more rounded experience.
Oh yes, they are so good.
My dog is a relatively high-strung German shepherd, and the vet is always calm and relaxed with her, which helps the dog be calm and relaxed as well.
The sauasages of all varieties have been great.
My husband and I went for lunch here and we loved it!
I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.
One is typically plenty to share, or try a few and let the staff box it up for take-home enjoyment afterward.\n\nThe staff really cater to your special birthday and anniversary events, so long as you let them know ahead of time, so do share that at the time of reservation.
The breakfast Buffett in the lobby is expensive, but pretty good.
Girls in my office had been recommending Modern for months, but I decided to take my chances elsewhere.
Some of the best mac & cheese I've ever had in a restaurant.
Make certain to use the homemade sauce as well, we're talking heavenly good.
He can help you a lot.
Leather chairs, sofas and love seats.
Outstanding place - a real asset for Pittsburgh.
Merts has an amazing down home southerm charm feeling..
Outside those times, it's always quiet with nice music and delicious pastries.
Frosty drafts, the best veggie dog I've ever tasted, and delicious whole wheat-crust pizza.
For a place that looks like your classic greasy diner, it offers a more home-cooked feel with a veggie vibe.
There are lots of things to do and places to spend time that don't involve drunk undergrads.
I went for a birthday and didn't know how the night would go, but after I walked in under that gleaming chandelier in the lobby I figured it'd be pretty fun and I was right.
My first visit was to have my VIN number verified for car registration, and Molnar's took care of me very quickly!
Super nice office staff & they really seem to love the game & encourage the kids to Have fun & enjoy the game.
\n\nBrunch, only on Sundays, is amazing.
I think most pet stores seem to price-gouge on their products and I seem to find very much similar products at Walmart for cheaper.\n\nThe birds, rabbits, hamsters, and other rodents are more \""hands on\"" than the other stores, meaning they're not stuck behind plexiglass and are given more of an open air venue.
The best thing about this place however was our waiter, who is getting married in Jackson Square down here in NOLA this August, bless his heart.
Our server, a girl who lived in California was great!
We have been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it has been great every time.
The veggie dog tasted like the real thing.
He has a great personality, a great sense of humor, and very concerned about the wellbeing of his patients.
Pretty good from a fast food joint, huh?
If you're really feeling zesty, go with their signature dish, their sea bass.
He opted for the pasta salad as a side and said it was great.\n\nI want to come back sometime to try out the dinner options!
Will definitely go back for round two!
All of the meat has a specific taste/texture and the naan bread is delicious.
It is consistently good food and service.
Speed was fine, food was great, but I don't like apologizing just because I chose to eat in your restaurant.
There is plenty of room to wait and have a beer from the huge selection they have.
I got a salad with my fish with a tomato basil vinaigrette, which was surprisingly good and coleslaw which was pretty standard.
It's served from noon to four daily, which is nice for a \""ladies who lunch afternoon\"" or a Saturday or Sunday outing for mom.
The pasta was cooked perfectly, a sign of a stellar chef.
I went twice this summer just before some rain rolled in, and because the sun was tucked behind a few clouds most of the time I was there, it was much more comfortable inside.
It smelled divine, and not overpowering or like it had something to cover up.
We have been to Lidia's twice now, and have received delicious food and excellent service both times.
There's just something about polka that makes me want to drink more.
The guy cooking today did a great job, the best taco I have had in the US, a genuine Mexican taco, not smeared with canned bean paste, but lightly dressed with salsa (not the jarred salsa, real salsa), the delicious chorizo I ordered, grilled peppers and grilled onions.
My Thai yellow tail was really flavorful, the pineapple infused sticky rice was really lame.\n\nThe decor was a little cold where I think the decorator was going for casual chic.
Decent selection, and the food itself was certainly the star.
The lobster roll was pretty good, although I do remember it being better.
I agree with the previous review from Nikki - they had me cracking up the entire time and I left with a huge smile on my face.
I often get there earlier than I need to in order to grab a quick fro-yo from Pinkberry or some fresh sushi before my flight.
I gotta give my man Jonathan kudos for some recent changes he's implemented.
Had the best time at a wedding reception here.
The raw onion went well with the whole Beto's thing they have going on.
\n\nI recommend this place for the food and congenial service.
I would recommend that you go early on a weekday though as the seating is very limited.
it's surrounded by really good restaurants, like Harpers, Red Lobster, Olive Garden.\n\nI'm really a fan and I would recommend my friends and family to this mall.
The seats and tables were new and comfortable.
It was excellent, high quality and reasonably priced.
Best wrap I have ever had!!
Definitely make this a stop if you enjoy and intimate atmosphere with rich food.
VERY meat heavy, but I'm sure there is always something veggie-friendly, but never expect vegan-friendly.
Went here for my husband's birthday and they have a very nice outdoor seating area.
They've added a fresh tortilla maker and a place for a live band.
Great outdoor seating and bingo.\n\nGood beer selection.
Overall I was happy with my first time experience here and would consider coming back if I'm ever in the mood for Chinese/American food.
The routes in the bouldering area are fun and challenging, and they're reset at a good frequency.
I travel for work and it was great to check into my room, find Rosati's on Yelp and have them here within 30 minutes.
I am always astounded by the beauty of this theater.
My husband enjoyed the traditional-type burger he ordered.
I wound up getting their Sumatra beans and loved them.
Having heard enough good things, we opted for the Omakase (chef's choice).
Wish we lived closer (we are DC based).
I had a really good experience at Tire Kingdom I wish I could remember the name of the man who helped me I hate when I forget important facts like that.
They also sometimes have flavored ice water in the lobby which was a nice touch.
The service was great and it was not that pricey
I Spoke with Jay Malls briefly, and he was indeed cool ,This is one of the best R&B DJ's since Venus Flytrap.
Carmon's Creperie released their new lunch menu yesterday, and we had the great pleasure of being there to sample it!\nAs always, options are really creative, but more importantly, delicious!
I loved the interior and its very relaxing after a long day.
But, while they have a good number of HD TVs, only two are broadcast in HD so don't think you'll be getting a great picture.
Everything I've tried is quality and very fresh.
The cookies were very good mixture of firm and gooey.
The Collards are not to my liking, and I've tried them twice.\n\nThe Shrimp and Grits are nice, rich and creamy.
I don't even like cole slaw and I was tempted to start licking my plate just to get the last parts that I couldn't pick up with my fork.
Molly was friendly and quick and I was really thrilled by her professional and kind demeanor.
The banana cake is fantastic as desert and the fried plantains really balance out the flavors of the meal well.
John made us fish and a filet and both were really good.
\nIf you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say Denny's!
It can get loud, and doesn't lend itself to a romantic evening.
The chairs are right across from the famous piano, and I actually had a relaxing, great time rocking and listening to a volunteer pianist play.
Want to plan out your next food choice ahead of time?
Nice fresh catfish nuggets in a flavorful batter fried golden brown and crispy.
Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.
\nThe one guy in the shop helped pick me a bike for what I needed and Glenn fit me perfectly to the bike.
\n\nCooper on East Blvd is a great Indian cuisine option.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Now its one of my favorite places to go out with my friends.\n\nIts a bit pricey (~$15/person), but the quality and quantity is superb.
Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).
It's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues/clients.
Also, the staff members here are honestly some of the nicest, most courteous people I've seen at an airport (and given that many were US Ariways employees, that's saying a lot).
\n\nI have always gotten a good deal here in a time when \""thrift\"" stores can be overpriced for kitschy or unique items.
Their clam chowder is the best.
Very small and comparable to \""How to Cook a Wolf\"" (size wise) in Seattle.
He's a trooper.\n\nWe arrived at the Frick on a gorgeous blue morning and started out with an excellent tour of the Frick family abode.
I don't typically eat the dinner but like to bring a glass of wine back to the room.
\n\nThe manager and the hostesses were very nice and friendly.
The problem I have is if you want to stand up and cheer some wine and cheeser will yell at you to sit down.
now i can write my review.\n\nthe service is so-so, seeing as i had one girl who had no idea what goods they had to offer me with the keyword i gave her (cinnamon, obviously) and the cash register broke as soon as she swiped my card..adding another 10 minutes to the trip, but all in all, i'm am very pleased with what i left with.\n\none chocolate sour cream cup.
Love that I'm able to choose my own car.
Maybe I'm just used to bigger portions in Atlanta, but I could have enjoyed 1/4 more food.\n\nThe service was fast and friendly.
\n\nFriendly service and sweet potato tater tots, what more can you ask for?
With a shady roof overhead (love that newer addition) and tables for you and an army of your friends, this is quickly becoming my fave locale for keeping hydrated.
The atmosphere is beautiful - we ate outside, it was a gorgeous night.
It does get pretty loud though.
Being from the Chicago area, I am a member of the of the Chicago Botanic Garden [third year] and very much enjoy gardens and plant life ESPECIALLY when I don't have to do any maintenance myself.
To my surprise, the room was completely updated; modern, sparkling clean, with a giant poofy bed and comforter.
My boyfriend has been wanting to bring me here for a while so I was very excited to give this place a try.\n\nThe grocery part of the store has a great selection of Caribbean food, seasonings and drinks.
I love Panera for lunch and dinner.\n\nIt's hard to go wrong with Panera.
The homemade rolls are heavy and very good.
Maybe not, but this is damned good Thai food.\n\nI've eaten outside (dinner) and gone for takeout - both were excellent.
I spent 4 wonderful years there and even if I am currently in a career that had absolutely nothing to do with my major (i'm a techie and BA was in Sociology), I would not trade my degree and my experience there for the world.
I might go back, if only because I didn't get a single picture of the place.\n\nOh, and, if nothing else - thumbs up for the ample free parking.
The kebabs are sizzling, generous, and delicious, and the staff friendly.
Also I have not been disappointment with fish dishes, chicken.
However, there's one beast of a woman who enjoys berating people who aren't the fastest Mug Club pledges...
We had a great dinner at Baoding !
Here are some of the reasons why...\n\nThe parking was easier and cheaper.
I'm glad to say that Musashi still holds its roots close to the traditional culture.
The veggie quesadilla is quite good.
(3/9/13) She worked on 2 of my friends' shirts & pants and three pairs of my pants.
Good place for a conversation, but very tiny.
The service is generally very good too.
By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich.
\n\nThe gardens are friendly for studying, though I am not sure of the wifi situation.
The staff is lovely, quick to help me load things in my coche, and prices are unbeatable for pieces that are in really great shape.
My meal was $11 (pre-tax and tip) which I thought was fair considering that the salad was extremely fresh and there was a decent amount of meat.
\n\nI don't think it's fair or accurate to claim that there is nothing to do in Champaign or that it is devoid of the cultural richness of cities like Chicago.
I did find a local salon which sells Kerastase, but there is only one Craig...and he is at Uptown Retreat in Charlotte.
I went there with a big group & saw SuperTuesday (great cover band, 1st time seeing them) This place is pretty close to my place & I can see myself going more often.
If you have vehicle issues do not hesitate to give them a call.
But you should come here anyway, although for us, it will be for special occasions.
Stiff martinis and cocktails, cheap drinks, good service, nice atmosphere to chill in the upstairs lounge and hang up with your friends.
She left a big bowl of parmesan cheese for us to add as much as we wanted which was a nice touch.
I like how they keep adding new things to the menu and this is one of the newer additions.
Or if you're just pretty loaded.
\nNow this place and the food is fun.
Their \""lobby\"" is the doorway that you stand in just outside the \""office.\"" I couldn't be happier with my first impressions--to me, minimal overhead means maximum service and value.\n\nSure enough everyone at Walter's is very nice and helpful.
It's likely the least sexy bar in all of pgh but its one of my favorites.
I'm envious; I wish we had something like that.
Can get crowded but that's because it's soooo good!
Not being a true fan of chains, I agreed.
Bring a friend, a date, and enjoy the experience AND the food!
Absolutely but it just adds to the nostalgic charm!
it's BYOB - always nice - and the food is abundant and tasty.
I wish they had french fries as a side but, like I said, it's an old school joint and they serve old school sides.\n\nEither way, I can't complain, their homefried potatoes are good.\n\nThe service is impeccable and I haven't had anyone who wasn't over 40 and looked like they'ved worked there their whole life.
Everyone there was extremely patient and pleasant.
After a couple hit and miss visits with the various pasta trio tastings I had, I'd say I was back in Lidia's good graces with their massive brunch spread.\n\nI will give you ample warning, DO NOT EAT A SINGLE THING BEFORE YOU COME HERE FOR BRUNCH.
I think I caught Dr Tom when he was practically fresh out of vet school (3 dogs ago for me).
Pepper to go with it cost me $4.25 - not bad, in my opinion.
Definitely worth the bad service :)
I have not tried the hibachi but it is nice that they have it for dining with a mixed sushi/non sushi eating crowd.
hubs and i went here once during restaurant week and partook in the special they had going.
When we walked in we were all really excited to be there and try it, and she was just kind of \""meh.\"" Also, the location is probably the least desirable of any restaurant I've been to in Madison, but that's more relative to where you live or how you feel about certain neighborhoods.\n\nOverall, worth a try and probably one of the better BBQs as far as Madison goes.
I mean don't get me wrong they had some pretty awesome choices Western, Veggie, Ham and Bacon but none that you could customize on your own.
I'll definitely be coming back here whenever I need something for LME.
Pretty darn good deal.\n\nThese guys and gals are always friendly and helpful.
\n\nTheir regular menu is excellent, too.
The plaster casts of the people and animals are poignant, but the other artifacts are surprisingly interesting, and the art is beautiful.
I took a bite and while it was good I really wanted the raspberry.
My mouth is watering as I type, Now you know this is a good place, if I'm drooling.
This girl cooks a lot of Italian food so I am sure I can incorporate it in a meal somewhere.
Go in hungry and leave happy.
That being said, it is mighty delicious.
All the kids there were polite and not annoying if that is something that bothers you.\n\nI am a creature of being able to see history.
If you want to take pictures, bring a camera with a zoom lens (I couldn't get close enough for my iPhone pictures to be very good).
The best in the city!\"" I bet that's true, and can't wait to have another dish that's usually a bit of a yawn, turn out to be a real surprise in the hands of this great Thai restaurant.
I love this place because the pasta is always very very very hot.
Def worth a shot if you've never been.
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone whose in a hurry.
The three choices were penne with onions, sausage, and tomato ragu (the least favorite), Homemae fettucine aglio e olio with tomatoes and butternut squash (delicious and very fresh tasting for the fall), and homemade mushroom ravioli in a thyme butter sauce (the best selection by far and completely delicious)\nDessert table (good selections with standouts being the tiramisu and the chocolate torte)\n\nOverall this was a great brunch experience for the price as well as the selections.
I sat lower and upper levels and that's not a bad seat on the house.
Want to spend your money at a family owned restaurant?\nGo to Mert's Heart and Soul.
The veal cannelloni is awesome too.
At most salons this would worry me but I've never gotten a bad hair cut at modern!
\n\nThe price for a basic pedicure is $22 if you pay cash and $24 credit.
Dunking your biscotti into a good coffee, however, is an Uptown pleasure that will cost you surprisingly little -- and the sidewalk tables are a great way to add some Mt.
I rather enjoyed the size, but just wanted to make note of it.
stop 4 on our 7 state pho tour - and everything else you read is true.\n\nmy thoughts were like this...\nsmall, border line clean, authentic, no tripe?, took forever to get food on the table, excellent pho, nice little place.
\n\nNow don't going running over there saying, \""Corey said, Corey said!\"" But if you happen to get a nice server and you happen to strike up some nice conversation nicely ask for hot tuber take on their standards.
\n\nMost of the bartenders are polite, patient, and fun.
She recommended a very good bottle of Pinot Noir at a reasonable price point which was a nice addition to the meal.\n\nExpensive?
I think next time I'll skip the pancakes with the special and eat the 1/2 piece of french toast that the littlest one left on her plate.
My boyfriend and I didn't have cash on us and when we realized you needed cash for entry, this guy who was a regular shelled out 40 bucks if we promised to keep coming back.
Carl is very nice and I felt that the cake was very reasonably priced.
Next time I'm craving 100 pounds of food and some mild entertainment, I'll come back to this Nakato in a heartbeat!
Service is always great, food comes out super fast and it's very affordable.
I started out with the special shrimp fried in wontons.
(...and very plump)\n\nThis was the best fried chicken with a little bit of spiciness and delicious bicsuits!
It's a small store, but it feels homey and comfortable.\n\nStaff: Most of the staff members are super friendly and willing to do just about anything to help you find what you are looking for.
One of the best bars in campustown....
Really, I haven't had a bad item here.
I'm so very glad I did!\n\nP.S.
I know it's $25, but come on....I have to shove my suit jacket under my seat with my computer bag because you are too cheap to check, but somehow feel it's ok to carry on a bag, a purse that's big enough to be another carry on piece of luggage, and shopping items you picked up in the terminal, easily taking up a whole overhead bin by yourself?
Adopted a 2 year old cat.\n\nProcess was simple, came in, spent time with some of the animals my girlfriend and I were interested in, we decided on a cat.
The seaweed salad was good, too.\n\nMy entree was the autumn vegetables and rice cake noodles--which I only realized was very similar to a pasta dish at Casbah after I took my first bite.
It was a great start to a great day at the Strip.
I found some surprising entries on the wine list, including one of my favorite Regusci Cabernet Sauvignon 2006, The food was pretty good, very tasty filet mignon and cooked well.
Incredible drink specials, great atmosphere, and delicious food.
I was told that I could save about $30 by fixing the lamp myself, and was directed to the technicion who quickly showed me the parts and how to do the repair.
Super happy to have tried this place, now I just need to try their subs, calzones, and everything else!
\n\nThe staff is kind and accommodating and my toes look great.
The food is always fresh and the service is also good, plus you cannot beat the price.
I usually don't stray away from my personal favorite everything bagel with an odd combination of two cream cheeses.The light garden veggie and lox cream cheese are both delish.
Absolutely no complaint about service here!\n\n We have been here twice.
A great wine selection and food cooked to perfection.
Hot chips with dipping sauce are good too!
It has everything you could want - cardio, weights, machines, trainers, power-lifting/strong man equipment, boxing, plus yoga and martial arts classes upstairs.
We were prepared to leave a poor tip and a complaint after we finished but before we could decide what to do, the manager came out and apologized profusely.
This is hands down the best gym in Charlotte (sans the parking lot, of course!).
Overall though they were two very solid pizzas that I enjoyed.\n\nThe bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.
I want to try the dinner buffet next time im in town.
It was well worth the wait.
I'm a fan.\"" And I am, because this is one of my go-to restaurants.
They are VERY clean, some of the cleanest I have ever been in for an airport.
This cab company is the best in the city in consistency.
It was topped with slaw and fries and I threw a little hot sauce in there.\n\nWash it down with an Iron City.
And while not fancy by any means the pizza was pretty tasty; it had the right blend of cheese and pizza and the sauce was very flavorful.
Is it the perfect suit for my body, no.
First off - where I'm from, brewery tours are free and there isn't a limit of beers that you can try.
Room was very nice, clean, and the soap, shampoo, and conditioner dispenser in the shower was pretty cool.
The restaurant is a nice break from the \""fancy & eccentric\"" food from other places nearby.
The lighting is soft and pleasing -- great for romantic dinners, but still appropriate for business meals as well.
\n\nOur server was friendly and attentive- he recommended a nice chardonnay for my dinner and was pleasantly surprised it was in the $8 range.The atmosphere was a little stark- nicer for a quiet date than a girls night.
In, I swear, no less than 10 words, he explained the process and wished me luck.
(posted pic) I did have reservations (recommended) so I was seated immediately and the service here is always stellar.
although perhaps that's the idea.\n\nNow I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best.
Having just eaten at DC's supposedly cheapest and best Greek restaurant the week I was in Pittsburgh, I found the food to be more authentic, better seasoned, fresher and definitely cheaper.\n\nWe had a group of 10 on a Sunday night.
We love it and the veal sage ravioli is amazing.
It was delivered when still at a fairly hot temperature and I really enjoyed the sauce.
The very handsome sales associate (near the computer stuff on 8/23) with the moist blue eyes and sandy hair was incredibly helpful to my friend and me.
Went there again on a Sunday afternoon and the service was much better.\n\nThe drinks are outstanding too!
Great meals all around, we will be back!
Looks relatively new and is pretty clean.
\n\nThis is a great place to watch a game or just hang out.
Tasty and free slivers of love to go with your meal.
I felt like I was back in South Florida seeing the ocean life and feeling the warm humidity of the rain forest.
We weren't looking or expecting a free meal, just an apology, but it was awesome that he came out and addressed it before we could lodge a complaint.
It has its own dedicated parking lot in the back, which is great because parking in the ares is always a bit problematic.
Membership is definitely worth it if you're planning on going frequently.
The fries our table shared was also a winner as they were crispy and uniformly cut and fluffy potato goodness in the middle.
But everything you could possibly need for a huge party is under one giant roof and they take credit cards.\n\nTheir website is confusing.
Rebecca (my usual reader from another place) for Tarot was great, too, but I don't believe she reads here anymore.
Our waiter recommended it to me once, and I have to order at least one piece every time I go!\n\nThey use Soba's dessert menu, so it's great that I can get all my favorite Soba desserts when I come to Umi.
\n\nDrinks: 3 stars, for the decent variety (better than expected from a place like this) and the game time specials.\n\nService: 3 stars.
We all felt that this was some of the best food we had ever eaten ANYWHERE.\n\nYes, the prices are insane.
The other elements escape me, but it was nice that my table mate gave me a bite.
Good: Mexican groceries in Pittsburgh\nBetter: The chipotle tomatillo salsa, homemade by Edgar.\nBest.
\n\nHis knowledge and time that he took with me to figure out various equipment technical details to update my draft system was really appreciated.
I like this place but the hours are inconvenient (top roping doesn't open until 5PM during the week!!!!) I wish they would expand their hours.
People always look at me like I'm nuts when I tell them that I get shoes repaired.
Quick Review: If it weren't for the stellar fish fry and the awesome beer selection, this place would be a solid 2.5-star establishment.
My boyfriend and I love it.
As one of the chains that provides their nutritional information, it's also nice to know that I can go there and eat somewhat healthy (I'm all about the orange peel shrimp and steamed shrimp dumplings).
\n\n You'll also appreciate the folder he gives you at the close of your visit, you get in writing all of the steps he's taken and what you should expect in the days after you see him and before your next appointment.
This is our spot in Madison for comfort food.
Well this week my friends I will tell you that because of Eons, Shadyside will be spewed upon all my friends and anyone that comes my way asking where they should go to shop.\n\nI must say, I hesitated at the door for a bit, mentally prepping myself to enter this store.
\n\nGoing here, the more expensive price is expected, and honestly worth it.
Way too dressy for my taste but it was fun to talk and check people out.
He's a really friendly guy and gives a great haircut, but I'd like to meet Dick at least once.\n\nContrary to the other review posted, my experience has been that you need an appointment any time you want to get a trim.
I think there is any type of store that you could want.
Far better than it's competition just down the street!
The brown rice was also nicely cooked, not too soft and not too hard.\n\nI didn't like the Velvet Corn and Chicken Soup.
It's exactly what you'd want a neighborhood bar to be.
I've lived in Bloomfield for two years now, and have yet to identify \""my spot.\"" I love the neighborhood -- great restaurants, bars, local business, art spaces, etc.
Overall, Luce is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.
Pretty easy to miss when driving.)
The anchovies are diced into the dressing, but you can barely recognize them if you're not a fan of anchovies and are worried about that.\nI honestly wouldn't have even known they were in there, had I not asked!\n**My Faves Here: Go for the Ceasar; it was great!\n\n3.) For an appetizer (this is a weird choice, but I'm happy we did it), we got the \""Chef's Vegetarian Sampler\"".
It is near a Christmas tree farm so it is the perfect place to stop and get some cocoa on your way.
in time on a Friday night, don't worry.
Perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
The perch is amazing and be sure to get the loaded baked potato.
We stayed in the back building which was only two blocks from the very cool Walnut Street shopping district.
This is a great local Mexican joint..
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu - everything I have had has been great!
The sales associates I spoke with were very friendly, down to earth and willing to help.
Basically, the ideal cheese for potatoes.
and there's even darts upstairs, too.\nd's is definitely worth checking out and if you've never seen the 6-pack \""cave\"", at least take a browse, buy one if you're feeling spendy or simply don't have a place like this anywhere near you.
There's often bands on the weekends, and the occasional lesbian after bowling league get together, but not angry, man-hating, shemales.
I've been to a number of NBA arena's and while the team isn't doing so great, the arena really is top shelf.\n\nGreat sight lines (especially when you are courtside!), excellent customer service all around, and incredibly handy from a location perspective.
Great place to experience home cooked style southern food.
\n\nI have heard grumblings for the past couple of years that Tessaro's partially cooks their burgers throughout the day and then finishes cooking them \""to order\"" so I asked the waitress if I could have a fresh patty, not pre-cooked.
About two minutes later the owner was back and ready to take our order.
Try whatever is on special that day if you aren't sure, and chances are you'll be pleased.
Of course, I can't resist stopping by the snack / candy counter & getting the blackberry / raspberry candy.
For under $5, if I recall.\n\nHUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.\n\nI've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.\n\nCramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
Friendly staff went out of their way to get my game on even though the Steelers were on at the same time.
The fillings are fresh and flavorful without overpowering the flavor of the egg.
The service is always good especially at the bar.
I even struck a conversation with the guy who brought my burger about Android phones.\n\nFood was great!
No, but it made me feel like I received a lower standard of postoperative care because I was a one-time patient from out of town.
Make sure you check the web site prices vs.
We were so happy with the shampoo nail and all other cleanings.
\nEven though the look of the restaurant is not what you would expect, it is worth a visit..and I know I will be back on Sunday when I have a fajita craving :-).
Apparently the steaks here are really great, and they have a nice deli with loads of sammies.
They have competitive prices, their staff are friendly and passionate about the business, and they do good work.
while the menu changes seasonally, my group all enjoyed the food - crab/scallop pasta, pumpkin risotto and rare tuna.\n\ncasbah also has a great wine list, and great service that is there when you need them, but doesn't annoy.
There was 5 of us in our party and we had this beautiful Old Victorian House to ourselves!!
I didn't really know what to expect from Lidia's, but in all it was the perfect meal for us travelers.
I had a specialty seasonal beverage that the barista recommended.
I dug into the bread on the table and thoroughly enjoyed the holy oil dip.
I've taken my kids there for lab work and the clinic personnel are always very nice and professional.
I bring in pictures of hairstyles I want, and she does a good job for -- get this - $20.
\n\nI have also used their dry cleaning service and they do a great job!
I have not been dissatisfied, even when I returned with a concern of the work they had performed, they've made it right each time.
\n\nThe announcer thoroughly enjoys calling out the players names, highlighting a great play.
\nLike I said though, this place is fantastic for veg food, so give it a try.
Good fries and cheese curds too...they had a number of other dishes that sounded yummy too.
I can avoid those sections all together but when I do find a nice shirt in the color I want the size becomes an issue.
I am not an expert on Indian food so I can't tell you how authentic it is, but I can tell you that it is delicious.
I can't wait to go back and enjoy another.
It was a cold weekday night and the restaurant was pretty empty.
The crew on the trains were always very pleasant and eager to please.
Charming store with high quality items.
Krannert Art Museum is lucky to have a Director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought...and that's exactly what she does with the exhibitions I've seen there so far.
The ice cream selection is not very extensive, but it sure does taste great.
They usually have something from Olde Mecklenburg Brewery which is good too.
:) And this place is good.
Definitely check out this place, you won't be disappointed!
Open 24 hours and provide nice service.
We were mad!!\n\nThe place is so pretty, they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.
I loved the beef and cheese snack pack because they came in small bites.
After walking around & viewing their huge selection of goodies, I had to look up to avoid temptations hahaha....
Funny- we actually were in such a hurry to get here that we both left without our phones..
Don't get me wrong, there's always people there, just always seems to be a table ready!\n\nWe are not big eaters so we get a half order of French toast, breakfast special, and a side of grits - and split that all between us and our 1 year old daughter.
He had reserved the table thru their website, leaving \""birthday\"" in the comments- and they'd sprinkled the table (really sweet, sits in an alcove, isolated and quiet) with balloon confetti.
Greg read me like a book and knew instantly what would look good on me.
Good food, drinks are priced decently, super friendly staff.
After talking with the manager to work things out and getting nowhere, I gave them up for good.
The beds alone make it a good stay.
I like little indie theaters like this.
After following strict guidelines, the theatre was restored to its original grandeur in the 1980s.
Great live acts on a regular basis.
Service is usually fast and friendly.
I had never experienced something like that, but I received free food vouchers for a future visit, and luckily I wasn't in a rush that day, so it worked out.
so I will just be upfront and say that the few times I have been here I was at least a few drinks in, but this is an excellent place for cheap diner food and is fortunately open late into the night.
I'm thrilled if I can pull a beer not slapped with a \""Lite\"" label; or when I ask for a stout the waitress has something other than Guinness to provide.
Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.
Tech zone- they can help repair your computer\n10.
I felt like I had just found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Yeah its a chain but they seem to do it right.
I would recommend the Amtrak train to anyone needing to travel long distance through public transit.
The bites I snag are always excellent!\n\nI also discovered a new favorite wine from their menu--Dreaming Tree Crush.
I highly recommend giving it a try.
Good thing I love him else I would not have shared that dessert!
Don't be shy and indulge yourself in all that is the Capital Grille.
It's my solid go-to spot when I need Chinese food.
Yeah, I'm kind of lame but still!\n\nThey keep the laundromat incredibly clean, notably their front loading washers.
We loved all the old pics on the wall and the original \""Restaurant\"" neon sign hanging from the original diner that was once there.\n\nOh and Shannon gave us excellent service!
I'm a slow learner, I suppose, but grateful that one location does it right.
My favorite thing to do is people watch and from the cozy rocking chair in the busy corrider well.
Oh yeah, the buffet is really good too.
They will give you some Zanex to relax and trust me it helps.
The seasonal cocktail menu was also great- I had the rum spiced cider and a pumpkin pie cocktail.
You won't find too many kids in here, which I appreciate.
A friend of mine goes to Inferno's many theme nights, and the pictures always look like a fun time.
It's just not worth it to try to find a spot on your own, especially if you're going uptown on the weekend for dinner (at which point, you should definitely make a reservation).
I don't remember the last time I left a salon with the complete package for less than $200.\n\nFrom the check-in to consultation to payment and yes, rebooking I had an exceptional experience.
Speaking of being full, the food is very rich so you will leave with a full stomach.
Everyone is so friendly and I love coming here as the salon has a light and airy look to it which is very relaxing, yet the prices are very reasonable.
It might have helped that I was the first appointment of the day, but for a mandatory yearly ritual it was quite enjoyable.
Very unique and a definite perk of coming here.
Our group of seven were greeted by two helpful and knowledgeable young ladies, Jessica and Courtney to explain all the yummy offerings.
\n\nThe atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space.
I have been to the Mimosa Grill a few other times in the past and have always been pleased with the entire evening, and this was no exception.
\n\nBesides old-fashioned looking (but now back in style) furniture, bedding, and bath items, Restoration Hardware offers cool retro items like games, telescopes, record album (yes, record ALBUM, as in LP) frames, and other gadgets.
Better to get a cab than put yourself in that situation.
This is extremely satisfying slow cooked wood fire BBQ.
And oh my god, it tastes soo good.
Despite trying to lose weight, I'm sure I will, too!
I think they use a fair amount of yest to make it rise and stay light.
I don't want to over sell the place, but Walnut Street Tea Company is amazing.
\n\nMy mom also carted several cheeses down to North Carolina to be served as appetizers for my wedding as well.
(windows down, windows up made it too tempting to nosh at every stop light)\n\nThe jerk was really nice, very mild and sweet.
i love this unpretentious, accepting place.
Having now been to a handful of shows here (most recently the touring version of Young Frankenstein), I am impressed with both the facility and the execution of service from all the house staff.
The service was very friendly and attentive.
The staff member that checked us in was very friendly and informative about attractions in the area.
After looking at it on he said that it looked like the dress was effective that the lining was longer than the overlay and that what was making it bunch.
Pumpernickel raisin rolls are my favorite, the ciabatta is awesome...salt sticks too.
They offer custom made flavored whipped creams (chocolate, vanilla, pumpkin pie) To top their decadent sundaes and treats.\n\nThey also offer a variety of \""penny\"" candies and fudge.\n\nWhenever we need a sugar rush we will be returning to Klavon's!!
We used to live right around the corner from this delicious Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives spot, and I'm so sad to now live 30 minutes away.
So, I guess I just need to find an excuse to come back.
The stuffed peppers with crab and goat cheese were tasty, but the plate was super hot and the peppers were cold, so that was a bit off.
Morris is the best OB/GYN, hands down.
With the wealth of breakfast and brunch offerings in the Pittsburgh area, it's great to go to one that isn't snubbing it's nose at the rest of the crowd.
Glenn is super professional and do everything to accommodate his clients.
cheap prices and a cool divey feel.
If you are in downtown, and want a good meal, eat here.
\n\nOther things I like about the Saucer:\nPlenty of parking\nGreat service\nNice staff\nKids are welcome\n\nCertainly worth a trip if you're in the area.
They carry my beloved Temptations soy ice cream even in chocolate chip cookie dough.
Nothing impresses me more than a dern good margarita, I don't care if it comes in a tall glass.\n\nThe bar itself (I don't think we're in AVA anymore, Toto...) can get mildly confusing if you don't bother to learn the layout until you're three margaritas deep, so let me advise you in advance: AVA is the part that is glowing green, and feels like a cozy, well, lounge...Shadow Lounge is the rest.
I was having lunch at this location during the holidays and I saw they were delivering dozens of large pizza pies.
\n\nThe one thing I will remember always, and will definitely order the next time I go back was this amazing tuna appetizer.
\n\nBut your eyes will adjust and you will be fine after you grab a Guinnes or a cider.
I wanted a cut while the hair was dry but I let her do what was best for her, knowing that most stylist don't work this way.
I was very surprised with how large an area this park encompasses, and so you would want to be prepared if you plan to visit.
The convention center is well setup and the link between the hotel and the convention center works really well, especially if it's raining.\n\nMy only complaint is that the elevators are slow during busy times.
This pork is tender and so flavorful, but with a nice meaty texture which only come from long long stewing.\n\nFried chucks of chicken breast in a mango sweet/spicy sauce.
The have some of the best ribs and rib tips in Charlotte.
I've been a slackliner for several years and love that there is always one set up (unless there is a class going on in that area) and super easy to use.
R.\"" I asked him for a nice room with a view.
But I liked the mystique so obviously I jumped in my car and found D's (her directions were perfect.) \n\nWalking into the beer cave is an almost religious experience.
I also love the basil beef, but it made super hot now and I'm not sure I can hang.
This might be the lesser of all the evils in Champaign, in terms of bars.\n\n$2 wells on a Friday, no cover for 21+, friendly bartenders and door guys, a pretty large inside with the unique loft overlooking the whole place, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nThe crowd here is mostly older than what you would get at Red Lion or Kam's, I saw a lot of grad-looking students.
Everything seems really fresh, and the guy working there is always really friendly.
I had a friend from NYC flying in for the holidays.
Turned out to be a good experience.
White rocking chairs where one can recharge the feet as well as technology.
\nI like that they have monthly range packages available.
Good food, professional service, a nice ambiance (a bar with a tin ceiling) and even a bit of view of the street and hills.
The people there are very nice & helpful also!
Then, to make our night even better, comped us a dessert.
The biggest thing I loved about this Old Navy was their dressing room procedure.
You start with an onion broth while the chef is warming up.
\n\nAs an appetizer we each had the Scallops, I could have eaten five orders as they were perfectly cooked and beautifully presented.
My wife and I shared the greens salad and the Mediterranean mixer plate and both were very good.
(This ain't my first car-renting-rodeo, though it was indeed my first with two hungry, travel-weary preschoolers.) I signed the paperwork, and then it got handed over to someone else while the saleslady looked for another car that would work better.
The soda counter and everything is original, it's almost like stepping back in time!!!
The ambience is sports bar, but when there's not a big game in the afternoon it's seldom noisy or crowded.
My friend and I were seated promptly, and we shared an order of the crab fricos, which were quite good.
This saved me a TON of cash.
The bread is all nice and toasty, and I swear there's some secret ingredient in there that is a magical a flavor booster, 'cause it's just SO delish!
The main courses were cooked perfectly and delish!
if ur in the area and have a thing for some good ole chinese food for lunch, give this place a shot!
Christos, the owner is hospitable and welcoming.
I got the Meatloaf and oh my goodness it was so AMAZING!
Despite how crowded it was the service was excellent and I very much enjoyed my HUGE breakfast burger.
The service is great - they give you muffins, coffee and juice when you check in for your room.
The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing, packed with dark, milk and white chocolate and cooked to just crispy perfection.
This place may not have the fancyness of mall or big box jewelry stores but the service you get is great and the prices are reasonable.
Their flank steak is also good and their bulk italian sausage is also worth your while especially if you make spaghetti sauce from scratch.
Oh my why didn't I review this place, like, a year ago?
I'm picky about French toast too, and this was served hot and just right with warm syrup.
If you can ignore the interior (which smells like tobacco pipe smoke and is a little run down), the restaurant owner's crazy friends, crazy Ethiopian tv shows, and the location, you'll be in for a treat.
So wonderful to work with, and what a tasty dessert!
The miso was good, but definitely needed to be reheated in the microwave, I like my soup hot, not just warm.
So convenient and easy, as your time waiting in line is all but eliminated.\n\nI also think the seating inside the theater is very good, from most all levels.
Even on this cold day the custard was amazing!
All new equipment and works great.
Walked in on a whim after a busy night shopping on Walnut and enjoyed the food immensely.
My date got the salmon special and it was great (Maybe a little better than mine, I had to try a bite!) I ended the dinner with a slice of Oreo cheesecake - yum.
\n\nBut unless you get a new/er movie or are just very lucky, it can be difficult to find widescreen movies.
(They have jugs of water in the maze for when people get thirsty - they place them at specific locations where there are maze helpers who can answer questions and assist you in finding your way.
The styling tools and products are top of the line and always leave my hair with a beautiful finish.
It's attached to a hotel and is pretty fancy and on the pricey side, but I'm guessing they have a certain type of guest they go after.
:) great fast drive-in old school food.
I like how they confirm your order and they pay special attention to any modifications that you've made to your order.
Whenever my husband and I get to treat ourselves we always choose Morton's, we love it!
The chicken strips were wonderful and I am still craving them.
\n\nThe flowers were all beautifully packaged and well labeled, as well, which made it easy for the folks setting up the morning of.
The square footage in these bathrooms is also quite a bit bigger than a standard room.\n\nI also like the views from any of the upper floors of this hotel.
A good portion of their menu is populated by items such as General Tso's Chicken and Moo Shu Chicken, but there are also more authentic dishes such as Szechuan Water Boiled Beef (shui zhu nio) and Yu xiang Eggplant.
I usually get dragged to them because my mom is such a fan and has to hit at least one in every town we visit, but I have to say I'm glad we visited this one.
Its refreshing to see people enjoy where they work.
Guy looks at me like i just punched his mother.
Thank god Michelle reviewed this place.
Their lobster rolls are very good and you get a large portion of lobster in it.
Ka does a great job every time, and asks all the important questions up front.
He graciously woke me up to let me know it was time for my flight to start boarding.
HOUSE MADE pasta, you can't go wrong.
If you are feeling adventurous try out karaoke night on Saturdays, its always good for some laughs and fun times.\n\nLong live the old school joints in Pittsburgh, I hope you last forever.
The food at the food court could be better though.
Nice clean airport from what I could see.
Too bad most of Pittsburgh doesn't really learn to love culture.\n\nUsually good music acts here.
In my opinion it is one of the easiest most well equipped airports in the country.\n\nFirst off all the gates are pretty close to each other and to add to the ease of use, their are moving platofmrs throughout the major travel pathways.
Everyone was nice including the doctor .
It is a busy airport but you don't get the rushed feeling like you do at O'Hare International
\n\nI hope to find myself in Charlotte again on future flights.
I love spicy food so I enjoyed it and it wasn't overwhelmingly spicy for me and wouldn't be for most adults.
Looks a little dingy but that's the charm.
My sweet pea risotto was just OK.
\n\nBTW, it does get pretty packed during the weekends and can get crowded.
They still feature a separate vegetarian menu to make ordering easy.
It is a bit tight when you walk in, but the charm soon takes over.
In fact, you might just be better off walking up and ordering whatever you want without looking at the menu.
You can personally message me and thank me after.
I just want to say that for a fast good restaurant the customer service is excellent.
Unfortunately the Bobcats have never had that one star player that makes you want to go see a game just to watch him but I think they are doing there best to get to that level.
It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte
Our waitress greeted us right away and gave us menus to review.
We truly weren't sure how to scale our tolerance; but we decided that next time we could both go hotter.\n\nWe also can't wait to try the Lunch Buffet!
Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states...
The decor is amazing and so is the food.
If you don't know what you're looking for, or how to fix it, Gerry will help you.
Love how they keep in interesting.
We got right in at Park 51 and had an awesome breakfast!
We sat outside, where it was pleasant even though it was the middle of the summer.
Tony is a fantastic sushi chef, and an extremely nice guy, to boot.
\n\nA must stop for visiting guests and coffee/tea lovers!
I think my favorite dish here thus far has been the Peruvian corn.
Authentic Mexican food in a casual setting.
My husband always has a great experience there and holds a very high opinion of Tom.
Pretty darn impressive considering just how busy they were that night.\n\nSince then Mad Mex hasn't disappointed.
All of the curry's hit the spot as well, my favorite is the red bean.
They say that consistency is the hallmark of excellence.
\n\nSo far so good with my car!
The curry itself was good and the dish was a good effort.
It's fun to go to a place and to know exactly what you are in for.
Fresh, bright, delicious, and presented in such a cool way.
When my sister sent me a pic of what the flowers looked like, they were beautiful and exactly what I had pictured.
Served table side with a bottle of deliciously spicy oil.
For sides, I had the mac & cheese (excellent!) and the yams (only meh).\n\nFor dessert, the peach cobbler was only okay - an overwheming spiciness.
Their soft-serve (try half chocolate, half vanilla!) is probably the best on the planet and they offer homemade ice cream sandwiches.
The combination of flavors was great.\n\nSpicy basil noodles: Seems pretty conventional to order here, but the waitress said that it was a \""signature dish.\"" Pretty standard if you ask me, but nothing to complain about.\n\nChocolate Maki: We were excited for this, but unfortunately a tad disappointed.
This is the only restaurant I had the chance to visit when I was in Charlotte last weekend and I was not disappointed.
And I will admit, I watched myself in the big mirror as I walked back and forth in front of it.\n\nI also browsed a few more racks and shelves to make sure I wasn't neglecting any other items.
The decorations there were beautiful and made me feel like I had to drink tea with my pinky out.
The servers and managers are all trained in how to be careful.
It can be busy so make sure you have your reservation and get there a little earlier.
I also really dig that they have a good selection of climbing shoes and gear.
I really enjoyed them and definitely recommend them.
Children are never an issue for me if they are well behaved and entertained.
Of course I immediately turned to Yelp for help and Kards Unlimited popped up to the top of the list as a place to find ornaments.
At four bucks a pop for a large glass, I'm better off getting a half gallon at the Jenifer Street Market back home for double that price--and it's SO much better.
Location isn't easy to find at first, but you want food, and you are in downtown, make this a perfect spot, for you and all your friends.
He make jokes, answered our questions about the menu, and never kept us waiting long when we needed something.
However, I always leave Thai Place feeling pleased and satisfied.
The guy taking all my information at the desk was incredibly cheerful and happy to have me as a customer.
