she doesn't want to find another league or even another team (which i'm okay with) and she just won't change even though it makes me extremely upset.
she's not exactly supportive and has turned our kids (11 and 8) against me by calling me a freak of nature, etc.
he says that he just wants to forgive and understand us but i think he is too far gone.
morbidly curious nation wondering how far obama's appearance will deteriorate in 2 years
like being used and not feeling like a friendship is real definitely count among them.
local oaf not sure what part of counter you order at
green energy scientists unveil 800,000-ton potato capable of powering entire city
obama: no option off the table except snatching iran's leaders with hook lowered from plane and flying them to washington
experts warn transitioning too quickly from work to vacation could cause decompression sickness
deloitte hires accountant after noticing popular tweets of audit calculations
decades of blasts in middle east beginning to expose earth's mantle
i pay a lot of money as well, as do the majority of my neighbors, but we still clean up after our doggos because we took that responsibility when we received them!
in contrast, every member of my family is literally booted into the matrix.
luckily my parents got a extraordinary lawyer and the case will be solved in less than a week with no consequences on my part.
** **edit 2: this thing was nothing like a flashlight.
mom wants to know if you'll be free if she visits 14 months from now
overwhelmed new grandparents finally feeling what it like to love a child
i don’t answer his texts or snaps.
well, since may, i've gotten my first (shitty,minimum wage) retail job, and am attending college.
i (p) recently had a text exchange with a neighbor (m) who thinks that i am being "accusatory".
she acknowledged that i had come in because she said i had “hurt my back”.
that fall the baby was born and after that she moved back to her home state (she went out of state for college) and i got my son.
in one campaign river plays this huge and flamboyant firbolg and has taken every opportunity to remind everyone in the party that we have no idea what the fuck gender this monster is.
after my comment, my boyfriend said something like "it must be nice to be able to afford that" and all three roared with laughter.
optometrist sets pressure of air puff test way higher for asshole patients
area ostrich lashes out against unnecessarily restrictive zoning laws
the artist performing rarely tours in london so this was also a rare opportunity.
our acc choir was singing 2 songs on our own, then 3 songs as a megachoir, with everyone from all the attending choirs all singing together.
charity notes even one dollar can help a needy child but you'd have to be a dick to give that little
philip morris lawyers deny cigarettes are cylindrical
edit to tldr above^^ aita for being triggered that my best friend still keeps in touch with someone who willingly ignores me and won't give my stuff back?
scout returns with news of quicker checkout line to the east
i have recently become more involved with the church of the latter day saints and have been focusing my life more around the words of jesus as described in the king james bible.
area woman to celebrate quiet women's history month at home this year
although i’m sure he didn’t harm anyone by taking the tip it’s unfair that everyone puts their tips in while he takes his.
i've noticed it, and she has too.
report: authorities recommend the film 'you've got mail' for those snowed in today
video game shopkeeper starting to get suspicious after selling 800 bombs to player
i asked if she had my things and she lied and said she did then got hostile when i asked for proof.
god quietly phasing holy ghost out of trinity
on monday i woke up at 5:30 am and noticed my phone was not charging.
all i wanted to tell her was that i could understand not wanting to be with a crybaby, but maybe don't focus on the negative so much and talk more about what you do want.
being gay has been accepted in many circles, and is considered morally right by most of the youtube userbase i feel(which consists of mostly young people).
i remembered the previous situation and decided to get my parents involved in getting my brother off.
we talked the next day, and she told me what happened and that she wanted to get back together with me.
&#x200b; it is a moral question for me because i see it with pros and cons in terms of ethics: pros: 1.
throughout that entire time, she has never been comfortable with my relationship with my female best friend who i have known since high school.
new pepsi product specifically mentions target demographic in name
cheney offspring bursts from bush's chest
i've asked her to stop many times because it makes me feel like she doesnt care about me or that she'd rather be on her phone than spend time with me.
they always tell kids to tell their parents but they never really tell you, the parent, what to do.
betty friedan honored with second-class postage stamp
they seemed ok, they invited me and some other neighbirs for barbecues and everything.
fan-favorite first season of bush administration released on dvd
boy's whale-song imitation not helping anything
he has been with me through so much, i have a hard time not getting a lump in my throat thinking about him missing me.
--this specific moment my father works long days and i shop for the house and i make dinner for the whole house, main food and couple side dishes all the time.
since she has a well paying job her family use her as effectively their personal atm, all of them constantly ask her if they can borrow money as well as effectively demanding lifts from her; if she refuses then they get pretty annoyed.
beginnin: i left for the army in early january, and while i was gone my older brother's gf "jane" moved into my room due to the abusive and drama of her living with her step-father and mother.
shuddering astrid menks comes home to trail of rose petals leading to nude, spread-eagle warren buffett
ray-ban a little unsure public can pull off 2012 series of sunglasses
at this time, it seems pretty certain still that that person would lose, but mac believed there was a small chance that he could survive until the game time ran out and draw.
so i'm not even a great candidate to cover him.
edit 3: i apologize for any arguing in the comments.
i did a bee-line straight to my friend and nervously talked to him.
we also made plans to travel around ōsaka (and west japan in general), where i visited her in november and stayed for four days.
the boyfriend: im guessing his it was his whole idea and was behind most of the texting and then the threatening afterwards.
once the bell rang, i headed for my car.
no one quite sure why 8-year-old has voice of lifelong chain smoker
having met this guy's mum, we were both pretty sure that she would say yes and all would be well, but just in case, i told b that if there was no other option i would pick her up and take her home (her job is about 40 minutes away from me, so i was really hoping it wouldn't come to that).
aita for always trying to help?
she said she wants to stay friends because she has no other friends, and i said sure, but if you start seeing someone else we'll have to stop hanging out for a while because i'll be too jealous (which is true, i really would be sad and jealous).
espn curious if you have ever considered playing fantasy football
man who bought 34th anniversary reissue of fleetwood mac's 'rumours' feeling like real idiot after passing display for 35th anniversary edition
new ed mcmahon autobiography reveals he slept with 7 women
my aunt is still in contact with her sister (my mother) and she could set up a meeting between all of us so it’s possible.
'what's all this i'm hearing about people getting security clearances?' asks confused mike pompeo to white house staff avoiding eye contact
looked like he didn't notice anything.
study finds rising sea levels result of expansive colonization effort by dolphins
real world producers still looking to fill eating-disorder slot
this really bugged me out and i feel like i should bring up boundaries, but i trust them and decide not to bring it up unless it happens again.
area man visits haiti to check up on $10 donation
the conversation went well and he was really cool and understanding.
this semester i took an upper level engineering class where 2/3 of the grade is based on 5 group homework assignments.
i tried to approach and it came to me and was very friendly/knew commands.
but none of this worked, because this stupid cat shit in the wrong place another 4 times, each time testing my sanity more and more.
i was just getting out of an abusive relationship with my ex so i was very traumatised.
so one of us is going without 4wd again this winter (mucho inportante in the area we live).
then he gets mad calls us ass holes and says he’s not playing for beer anymore but he’ll still play with us if we stop being sticklers about the rules.
custody battle sparks couple's first-ever interest in child
man forced to pathetically comb through movie for familiar scene after falling asleep previous night
she then says how she wants a handgun for self defense still.
aita for leaving a grown woman on a playground?
woodpecker having difficulty remembering tree where he got the really good bugs that one time
rick perry apologizes for trying to outdo fellow cabinet members by using $72 million of taxpayer funds on lampshade
tammys of the world demand to be taken seriously
but like i said, i made sure to make it clear to her before we moved in together that i don't wanna clean much because that's what i'm used to, and if she feels the need to keep the house clean to her standards that's fine but don't ask me to do it because i don't care.
dog doesn't realize he just graduated
until very recently, he had been out of a job.
encouraging report shows 45% of onion social users survive beta testing
she didn’t feel comfortable in the showers either, also stating that it wasn’t very clean, and when she asked the clerk for a bag for her dirty clothes after her shower she received plastic bag to carry her clothes with her followed by some more rude stares.
good and all, but my ex girlfriend gave me an almost identical jacket the year prior.
teens find this one hilarious store
my mother coddles my less successful siblings and showers them with affection and it enrages me.
my mother hasn’t worked in years (my dad supports the household on one income) and she’s currently watching my child while i’m at school.
gun used to kill man in city
typo in proposition 8 defines marriage as between 'one man and one wolfman'
the more seasoned players did not get themselves involved in the drama.
before i went through with this plan i wanted to ask the opinion of our long time mutual friend, bill, and another mutual friend, tyler, who's opinion i trust.
they say they “don’t believe in procreation” and they keep saying the baby is a bad idea and then that i’m going to be a terrible mother, etc etc.
a stray cat with obviously a broken leg passed by me, limping with one of her legs.
man begins life in new city by taking last ever walk around neighborhood
thank you everyone for your input.
i even asked if we ever get to evaluate whether the cat was a good idea or not, and she's admitted the cat was a bad idea.
epa didn't know anybody was still drinking water
for most of the game my roommate was present and some mutual friends stopped by as well.
matt gaetz insists pointing rifle at michael cohen throughout testimony not witness intimidation
'mother mary was essentially raped,' mourdock says while digging self into deeper hole
one example of which for perspective, is one of her sisters asking her for a lift to the shops which are a 10 minute walk with her three children for a quick shopping trip, then leaving them in the car with my her to mind for **an hour** (which she didn't say she was going to do) whilst she went and did whatever shopping she needed to do.
i told her that if she was to lose weight it was as simple as burning more calories than she gains and that 1200 calories is too little for her to even function correctly, let alone gain weight.
craftsman confirms new hammer backwards-compatible with previous generation of nails
nation longing for simpler time of knowing exactly who they wanted to kill and why
hypochondriac maple tree always convinced it has asian longhorn beetles
i confront her about what had happened.
well-meaning mouse wouldn't really call self a 'pest,' per se
new study finds americans are living too long
cow ted cruz milking in wisconsin photo op only giving curdled, foul liquid
it was carrying all kinds of construction equipment.
if i was to hire someone, with the express purpose of release, being safe and discreet, then i feel that that is somehow better than a hookup at a bar.
cause there’s no way he could’ve done it himself.
sat found to be biased in favor of non-hungover
i definitely know i’m an asshole to some degree, but i want to know just how big of an ass i really am.
he said that if she really desired they could try again once the stress of school had ended.
that guy from that one show to make guest appearance on that other show
$100 is nothing to sneeze at for a small time glass store and i'm honestly surprised they wouldn't take it, and the dude behind the counter was very rude about it.
theresa may narrowly manages to survive parliamentary firing squad
thank you to everyone who gave me feedback!
for the record, i didn’t see her waiting outside the building when i left.
affable anti-semite thinks the jews are doing super job with the media
woman checks terror-alert level before leaving for work
this morning, i had a girl over.
i came down and brought her some chocolate i had bought because i felt sorry for her.
sometimes i ask her to tune it down just a bit and she’s respectful of it.
partner and i have been together for four years.
aita for not wanting my friend to use my stuff when i used to use hers all the time
you asked for my honest opinion.
negative review of 'a wrinkle in time' peppered with critic assuring readers he still totally supports diversity
nation's flag nerds anxiously watching d.c. statehood push
the exhibition is a sciency edutainment short about time and space.
he was addicted to porn and cheated on me (by telling online girls he wanted to fuck them etc).
census bureau: 9,000 to 15,000 people work at census bureau
he isn't depressed or anything, and right now he has winter break.
woman thinks she would make a great talk-show host
definitely admit i was irresponsible -- i was a teenager.
for a period of time me and another coworker (let's call her amy) and i had a small relationship.
flu clinic selling 2009 version of vaccine for a few bucks cheaper
they were supposed to go back to their country earlier in the month, but my grandfather sustained a leg injury and couldn't walk.
he pleaded me to be quiet about it.
peer group forces man to have opinion on 'weird al'
coworker who went to gym this morning a chipper little fucker
gf says to me "babe, do you have $2?" i did have cash, but she had literally just sat through a meal saying she wasn't hungry, and i was embarrassed by the way she had rolled her eyes while settling the bill, so i told her there was a bank across the street.
superstitious ocean blaming all its weird behavior on the moon
i stay down for 10 minutes maybe (trying hard not to actually fall asleep) before getting up and excusing myself home.
judge totally understands where defendant is coming from
&#x200b; last i heard she flirted with a guy at work.
our relationship was alway awkward, just because i think she's very in her head and i'm very blunt and spontaneous and we maybe weren't always the best fit for each other.
sharon stone auctioned off to german conglomerate
funeral director assures jewish family this headstone can withstand plenty of blows from baseball bat
in the morning i was ordering pizza and wanted to order two so asked him to pick toppings for the second one.
a few times since august the neighbor has checked in to see if i was doing anything about it.
i have about four friends and a significant other.
fast forward to this year: she starts again with how she can’t afford christmas, this time before thanksgiving.
she tried to start conversations a few more times throughout the day, but i just gave really brief "yes" or "no" answers, again, because i wasn't feeling sociable.
state bird reconsidered after latest wren attack
i had no intention of not raking the leaves, but wanted to know if i was being entitled here.
i ask him if he'd share the link with me and he "yeah for sure" and i thanked him and told him not to forget.
she told me that she feels a lot better than she did earlier this year, and is in a much better place.
it takes me 45 minutes by bus to get to this class, and the bus goes once every hour.
i was on my way to the bus for work where i would be working for 12 hours with a 2 times 2 hour drive like the day before.
kermit and i have a complicated eight year history.
aita fit paying someone to visit my dementia ridden grandma instead of me.
actor-comedian pauly shore bad at 32
sole surviving bridge club member didn't want to win like this
nation's math professors announce plans to continue wearing chinos with running shoes indefinitely
i feel like our relationship is suffering due to this and when i’ve asked him about it, he has said that if he gets too excited, etc.
she said i was her first true love and that kind of just made it all worse.
they regularly play bingo (2-3x week) at a couple different places in vegas.
quaker oats canister relabeled 'drugs' for grade school play
'diversity was the real winner last night,' report hundreds of dumbasses whose very existence insults the name of journalism
after some back and forth it was decided that dopey needed medical attention, but the hospital was too far away to walk.
8-year-old can already tell image of dad puking stuck in memory forever
so after a while of back and forth, i say that all i have is my card, and he says to me that if we could drive to the nearest gas station with him to pay for his gas.
man invites friends to bar to watch game, interact fleetingly during commercial breaks
i started conversations every now and then too but not as much.
shower caddy coated in dazzling multicolor array of various soap films
woman takes break from dating to focus on everything about herself no one could ever love
it was an old snapper riding lawn mower.
i yold them something like “no, ask your dad for money”.
god demands cuter precious moments figurines
i guess what makes me insecure is the idea that she may (either now or someday) harbor some sexual needs or desires that i simply will never be able to provide for her.
new study finds solving every single personal problem reduces anxiety
&#x200b; &#x200b; aita for telling her i didn't want to talk to her?
i've always been a bit heavier than my other friends, but that doesn't say much when most of my other friends are dancers and athletes.
(throw-away account for obvious reasons) my boyfriend (23m) just told me (19f) he once had to eat a joint(disgusting!)-- i can't understand how he could've done this, i'm absolutely disgusted and cannot talk to him.
*you should have stayed in or by your seat further back and waited your turn.* (on those rare occasions someone announces they are late for a connecting flight and appeal to be let through, of course i accommodate.) aita ?
he got out of a relationship a bit before and wasn't ready for a new one yet and i am too busy with work and school to focus on a relationship, so we decided to not take it any further.
i was unhappy with that and countered and asked isn’t there anything more that you can do for us?
i had trouble finding people to help me move but my husband's brother who lives an hour away was willing to help if he could have the bedroom suit.
if i hadn't, i would still be wondering to this day (15ish years later) if someone's child was killed or something.
trump: 'i know that was pretty bad, but let's just say you're going to want to save your energy'
i think communication over the phone is not genuine and people take texting way too seriously.
if you don't go and buy another crate of water by today.
thousands of drunk revelers dressed as jesus descend on vatican for annual christcon pub crawl
john bolton urges war against the sun after uncovering evidence it has nuclear capabilities
he took exception to it and called the police on me, but theres nothing the police could do about it since i’m not doing anything illegal and there’s no noise ordnance in place.
i write out that i do not believe that this topic is an issue and list a few reasons why.
i felt it was really creepy shipping kids, so i told her it’s gross.
i do feel like it was unfair for me to say that i would cancel the party; i attempted to fix it but guilt was a factor in his/her decision.
most irritating of all, she constantly complained about not having a boyfriend, and though i told her that she shouldn’t have that be her main focus and that she should put her effort into school, she dismissed what i said and just kept complaining more about how her most of her friends were in relationships.
she decided on going to a coffee shop and relax with a book.
recently a situation happened where i asked my husband to prove nothing was going on.
my relationship with people is usually very shallow and centered around drinking or drugs as i don't really know how to get beyond this point.
aita for telling the girl i’m dating she was overreacting
open floor plan increases office shooter's productivity by 95%
one head says "no" but the other head screamed "yes".
it was a 2 1/2 hour flight and liquids can travel fast.
the following day i did the same to her (flaked on dinner, came home late and pretended like nothing was wrong).
dad wearing some new kind of headphones that wrap over, under, around ears
i’ve only witnessed this happen to him twice within and it’s very upsetting for anyone involved (his tic is a cough btw, so during one of these spells he literally cannot stop coughing.
i’m all about my girlfriends body positivity.
he looked aghast and told me that i had to move out by tomorrow because he didn't want to son like me.
i made friends on my own at the secondary school but a was very shy and quiet and socially awkward (i think she has autism), so it was harder for her to make friends.
supreme court unanimously upholds concealed gavel law
as i got into the oncoming lane i heard the car i was trying to pass's engine rev up and noticed they were increasing in speed.
she claimed that she needed to wear mittens but it was only -15 where she lives.
so i told her if she buys a handgun i will get a rifle since since it’s only fair.
terrifying mutation killing off u.s. cabinet members one at a time
song crafted in the deepest pit of hell wins big at grammys
whenever i would try to leave, he would promise that he would change.
my father was responsible for the barbecue (we live in new zealand, so it is summer time, and a relatively overcast day).
she knows what class it is and where.
i got a bit annoyed and asked that people stop opening the curtain.
i love my mom very much, but i'm scared for her and i have been losing my patience.
he's done it out of the kindness of his heart because he realises that i was expected to leave with very little means of supporting myself and no means of taking everything with me.
with a visa, he likely would not be doing this sort of work at his older age.
bush puts national guard in charge of public relations
collapsed mine used as excuse to stall coal extraction
conservative floridian enjoys living under sharia law more than he thought he would
shackled kerry looks on as chechen terror leader removes mask to reveal scarred face of former mentor
last year he moved in with his girlfriend when he was only 17.
he was quite camp i suppose but most people just thought he was straight.
edit: i have nothing against impoverished families even though i know my post may sound like it.
so, reddit: am i the asshole?
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend at her senior homecoming
aita for refusing to acknowledge my boyfriends two best friends or allow them around our child?
his ex wife left him homeless and everyone is staying with me because she no longer has custody.
white castle crave case handcuffed to wrist
purely hypothetical (thankfully), but if someone kept jesting about, say, abuse and made dark jokes pertaining to it, would it be vigilant or overreactive to send a tip to the local authorities?
i almost immediately drop the leashes and let my dogs rip at his rottie while feigning to stop them.
most goes on the floor but some goes on my mates girlfriend.
i again say it’s disgusting, and since m was playing video games last night he clearly has time to wash the dishes.
beaver can't wait to get started on dam
i am getting so angry because my dog is just trying to relax.
silvio berlusconi gets penis stuck in wine bottle stuck in prostitute
last semester, i lived in an apartment with three other guys that go to my university.
i chalked it up to her not having known him all her life, but today, it really made me feel...
i had a few people round and we likely were louder than normal.
then she left to go to bed and my grandmother said that i'd hurt my friend's feelings even though she didn't give a rats ass about my feelings when i was lied to and basically drugged by the person i care about the most.
freeloading refugee children taking up thousands of prison cells meant for real americans
i asked the girlfriend to keep it secret as i knew he would react poorly.
regular citizen heroically enforces park's 'no glass containers' rule
i don’t know if it’s just the curse of being first-born, but it irritates me like nothing else.
he started getting angry and saying im just a bully.
i sent this email from a throwaway email address not associated with my name, and signed it as being from the students of all of her gifted program classes.
so anyway, we live right by this giant hill, and me and my sister decided to like, go sledding or whatever.
aita for the way i choose to make my daughter aware of her food choices?
tiger always checked out of local zoo
i recognize that i really fucked up here, and i'm taking a step back from the whole open thing to reevaluate what's best for my wife and child moving forward.
i would make the occasional shitpost here and there at first but nothing too bad.
cnn's john king now just swiping hands across everything
aita for being irritated with my roommate for banging his girlfriend while i worked from home?
suicide bomber reacts poorly to surprise birthday party
just to preface my post i want to mention that i'm one of those lucky millennials who can't get a job in their chosen field of study and i'm now living at home with the parents.
report: 89% of suzy qs never make it out of gas station parking lots
bunch of alarm bells going off for me obviously, mainly because she has not to my knowledge ever been in a serious relationship before, or even had sex, and is generally pretty naive about this sort of thing.
he said the party would probably start at around 10, so i figured i could go to another party beforehand.
police sketch artist admits to only drawing people who have wronged him
only remaining rhyme rapper can think of is 'cliff clavin'
recently, he was briefly away from his deployed location and sent to a base where there was an exchange (like a mini mall with stores that have all kinds of things not available at the deployed location).
it was dark at this point.
they didn't seem mad or whatever so i made a joke about it then said goodnight.
her response was "what are you trying to say".
report: lake ice grows safer to venture out on with each beer consumed
maybe she'll show up at work one day and find her important documents mysteriously disappeared.
this friend was talking about his work for a bit and mentioned that he had just received an email from his boss that morning with condolences as well as a bit of uplifting news; his request for a promotion got approved.
there were a couple of people in our group who always wanted to get the homeworks done well ahead of time which is fine by me, but since i took 19 hours this semester and had a job, i wasn’t always able to work on it as early as they did.
then they turn around and steal my discovery.
bus rider acting like fight not happening 4 feet away
george w. bush having trouble finding decent cocaine since leaving white house
styrofoam to spend next 500 years reflecting on how well it protected blender in transport
i want to be attracted to her, and i want to have a strong desire for sex with her but i don't.
sorry for that long intro, but i've also been interested in extending to faith towards moderating one of my favorite hobbies, reddit.
the guy sitting one seat away from her (who by the way seems to be going on some sort of power trip.
her parents are great as well, and have really embraced me as family, which is nice as i'm estranged from my homophobic, controlling parents.
ghost can't make a simple cup of coffee without everyone freaking out
during thanksgiving, i noticed a real shift in her personality.
aita for losing my passport and ruining my girlfriend's birthday?
it being there isn't going to make you less clean somehow.
so now onto the girl i work with.
report: someone probably masturbating to this stock photo right now
paramount home video pleased to bring man feature presentation
last great party of life to result in first child
martini, rossi slain by anti-spumanti extremists
i mean, i would sometimes leave at 8 pm and get home around 4:30 or 5 am and it was still playing full blast.
we only actually had sex a few times and we stop whenever i finish.
kennedy center to dishonor gilbert gottfried
grandma told 'do not resuscitate' means 'low-sodium diet'
when prom rolled around, wilma took her boyfriend and fred took wilma’s little sister (kinda weird).
about three weeks ago, girlfriend was driving while i was a passenger.
bill clinton agrees to disclose guacamole recipe
empire state building ultimately supports nsa spying measures
we will definitely have fun and we can spend some time together and make memories before i go in september, as i likely won't see her again until christmas." she agreed to come along, not for the whole month, but for about two to three weeks in the middle.
at the time, i didn’t know how to react.
should i apologise for being offended?
area man just realized he doesn't even know when barack obama's birthday is
he said he was fine with this arrangement but that i didn’t need to act like he was inheriting anything from me.
for a bit more information: she will be going on a trip with another friend for a full month to another country, about a month or two before our trip, so it's not like she won't have a vacation at all if she doesn't come with me.
part of the reason is selfish.
i told him that he's cutting it too close to the start of a meeting, and because of that, it's his fault.
aside from his tic, he has ocd and can often have a major panic attack if he can’t grasp a concept or gets lost driving around, has to go somewhere unfamiliar, etc.
spielberg panics, adds comical groin injuries to 'lincoln'
he did help me so much with my bulimia, but i relapsed when we broke up.
so the game is called [mafia]( or werewolf.
study reveals lobsters feel pain and get off on it like the kinky little perverts they are
ended up picking her up down the road and dropping her off.
i’m a generally sarcastic, joker who has always ribbed people, as was done to me by my own family.
in my head i said fuck that this demon need deserve what's coming to him.
i left because i was uncomfortable, she told me to come back any time.
i just laughed and was like “oh yeah, ridiculous right!”, thinking she’d seen the crude humor in it.
in reply we were pretty firm that we didn't think it was an unreasonable request and that he should have said if he was unhappy so we could work something out that didn't inconvenience him.
am i the asshole for being aggressive with this kid and insinuating he's being shady instead of being more gentle with it?
al franken tearfully announces intention to step down from role as harasser of women
he hasn’t been able to bring himself to end it with her despite me telling him how much better it will make him feel.
i'm very, reasonably, nervous for this and he has been giving me tips and information on everything that happened when he interviewed there.
am i the asshole for ghosting on her because she cancelled plans, even when she apologized and tries to set up a new date?
dnc takes out full-page ad thanking alabama's working-class white voters
control of anecdote wrested from boyfriend
chinese guy still insisting it was him in front of that tank
we had a group text and each other's emails and...
we've been together for a few years now.
podcaster makes solemn promise to improve sound quality next episode
cnn holds morning meeting to decide what viewers should panic about for rest of day
gop officials urge calmer, more reasonable death threats toward kavanaugh accuser
i was talking with my coworker (f- second generation indian immigrant) about her upcoming vegas vacation and the conversation turned to spontaneously eloping.
whenever i see a person who isn't like a ptsd vet with the typical black lab support dog, i always immediately assume that they're playing the system.
i turn round stare them all down and then punch the empty seat next to mine where the girl had put her feet up.
me: 17 (girl) brother: 25 gf: 20 i live with my older brother (unfortunately) and his girlfriend of 3 years she admitted it to me after saw her and him downstairs on the couch one night when i woke up in the middle of the night to go to the restroom.
anne hathaway, james franco spend every moment of oscars tearing into jesse eisenberg
i should not be annoyed because i told my so to invite friends.
this is not a garbage tip i also left most of the ratchet straps* (ties used to strap loads onto trucks) *rolled neatly for ease of use.
should i suck it up and go, even tho i might throw up walking up the stairs to her house, or can i tell her i'm hungover and i dont wanna go out anymore?
report: majority of money donated at church doesn't make it to god
maze with cheese in center enters human trials following decades of testing on mice
washed-up toddler can't point out things like he used to
he blackmailed me into keeping his secret and cleaning his messes or he will out me as the thief.
rapper not entirely sure who else is on this track
she has severe social anxiety, so i really want to be there for her (although i don't look forward to mingling with people because as i said, i'm antisocial as well).
i don't want kids and i'm fairly certain i would make a shitty father, due to not wanting to be a father.
third-grader watching another year of back to school commercials suddenly realizes he'll die one day
hasbro concedes world not ready for rubik's chicken
dad isn't coming up to see him for the holidays.
bob barker era ushered out with touching plinko montage
man worried experiences of cancun trip far too complex to be conveyed through single keychain
pope francis attends outdoor mass in cutoff denim vestments
this will probably be my last edit.
i know that he yells and screams at her a lot of the time but it was the last i heard about physical violence.
i needed her to reassure me and she failed me.
i think she should have thought of that before she got herself involved with perverts online.
knights organization denies claims that overhunting could lead to extinction of dragons
edit 1: i will mention i only ever busted his balls on his actual skills and not paying attention, not for what he’s interested in.
dressing room curtain tested for vulnerabilities
parents also proud of unsuccessful child
world wonders what trump has on united states that's forcing nation to keep him in power
dasani under fire after tanker explosion leads to massive water spill off coast of mexico
going out to dinner with food-loving friend a huge ordeal
she always does what her parents demand and i'm upset that we could have had a long weekend if she only just told her parents no.
3rd: i don’t like how in the end, the burden had fallen to me to be the one to be the grown up and move when he was the one causing the fuss.
this christmas my son and i are staying in town, not visiting family.
a bit of background of why i'm so torn.
feel a little guilty over how much fun i had making fun of my brother's vegan cake.
they mentioned that they'd rather stay at home in the first place.
she is very nosy (asking a myriad of personal questions — even though we were never close), gives too much unsolicited advice and whines about her appearance (that her world seems to revolve around) the rest of the time.
there’s some (not a ton yet, cbd oil is still being researched) proof that cbd oil could possibly help him and it has helped me with my migraines.
six months into this relationship and ex found about us and decided to send me her nudes and captioned it saying ‘here are the photos you asked me for’.
roomba thrown out of home after being caught staring at sleeping daughter
should i have done more or said something during the semester?
the scream poster stolen from area dorm room
on the drive there, he tries to jump out the moving car, so my brother has to hold him by the hands to prevent him from opening the door.
he trashes my food and then says hi to me and my friend like we don’t hate him.
area couple vows never to go dildo shopping while horny again
father spends joyful afternoon throwing son around backyard
he asked me several times, admittedly apologetically, if he should be worried about a relationship between his now ex and i but i flatly told him there was nothing going on and that i was just comforting her because she hadn’t taken the breakup well.
new report finds moving to isolated seaside cottage greatly increases productivity
my gf didn’t really consult this with me, and bought the flight tickets for her mom and brother for one week at ours.
tl;dr: mom offered to help a needy family last year, this year they brought her a prepared list of stuff they wanted expecting her to do it again and it left a bad taste in my mouth, but maybe i’m just jelly?
neighborhood has gotten a lot safer since mayor vanquished fire troll
i eventually turn around so i can go down the sidewalk regularly (bad for my tires but this dude was going to punch me or some shit).
the struggle with him accepting my other partner continued.
we were extremely close and touchy but always platonic.
she’s saying that it’s my fault and she didn’t deserve this.
when he comes in he yells really loudly, “good morning everyone!” and says, “have a good day” on the way out.” he’s a very friendly guy, but the problem is that the way the office is set up, i can’t see him when he comes in, yet i am the closest to him, and he always seems to do it the second he comes around the corner, and to be honest, it scares the shit out of me every time.
alien still hasn't gotten around to listening to whole voyager golden record
i deleted them after a few people saw them (one of her friends saw and got really angry).
man only has himself to blame for what's in targeted banner ad
he was supposed to come home, here, until he met b.
context: i really enjoy animated movies, even though i'm in my twenties.
he's a wonderful dog, smart, affectionate and well behaved.
either of us could have, but neither did.
mild-mannered reporter suddenly transforms into incredible unemployed man
when we're apart i often find myself just wanting to spend time together, she is wickedly funny and always making me laugh out loud, and an amazing artist.
he got pretty mad and told me it would defeat the purpose of the trip if he was in so much pain he couldn't move or speak so he was going to get his meds whether i wanted him to or not.
nation secretly hoping 9/11 becomes a day off soon
he once again says he’ll get to them in a week, and that he needs to work.
aita for being angry about the friendzone?
wolf blitzer debuts new real-time election results beard
im feeling petty so, wibta if i took his candy bar without asking or sharing?
i'd rather clearly be the asshole than be drowning in confusion.
annoying coworker insists on existing right in visual range
it is rare that i get to cheer overly loud for my team.
music started to appear louder to me, people kept shoving past me and i just felt left alone and sensory overload started to creep in.
so i know she knows who i am and who old i am.
&#x200b; i feel really bad, and i know i shouldn't have offered the opportunity to stay, but i kind of thought since they were having fun they started to change their mind.
bill & melinda gates foundation announces new $17 billion initiative to eradicate all 3rd-world mac users by 2040
along with that as she has put them into these cases i have numbered the movies in the spread sheet with the corresponding case number in order to find movies easier in the future.
which is not good, you can't have these big dogs fighting like that.
ivy-covered home like that on inside too
nation spooked after running into creepy old night watchman
so, me and a girl we can call trish have had this on/off thing for close to a year.
who i would marry if i could.
so to preface the girl in question was my closest friend before we began dating this past summer.
bush to iraqi militants: 'please stop bringing it on'
employee executes daring 3:30 p.m. escape from office
am i the asshole for angrily texting her about her actions?
lockheed martin executive fondly recalls humble beginning dealing arms out of back of chrysler lebaron
at that point, the spa we loved was booked and i got a massage at a hotel that my work covered with insurance and we hung out at their plunging pool with a bunch of kids splashing around.
i am at a point in my life that while i love my boyfriend, i need alternative outlets to express my sexuality and am unsure if im able to be satisfied commiting to an exclusive relationship.
because i also work in store, i have expectations in store.
on one hand, i didn't create a net loss.
woman has no business being an extrovert
woman masturbates to concept of commitment
the same reason i don't watch the news andso forth, it's artificial.
the higher i go, this blue collar job turns into a white collar job.
she thumbed through and showed my family all the drawings inside.
group of good-looking people all headed toward same place
local grandmother feared dead after appearing in woman's profile picture
independent bookstore puts the dave eggers right where the fuckers can find them
i work part time at the school i attend and take classes full time.
i was at the pub and i ordered 2 pounds of wings and a 7up.
this hotel a goddamn maze, reports father
so i ask him "why", and he replies "because she is a woman and that is the right thing to do".
aita for thinking parents need to teach their kids to have a little backbone?
medical mj was also just legalized in the state we live in but not the one we work in and it has been shown to help with both ts and migraines, but because it’s not legal in our employers' state neither of us are seriously considering that route.
she said that she’s glad i’m okay, and followed up with several questions about what i’m going to do about the situation (alert my building/landlord, charge my phone elsewhere, etc.).
star wars gamer magazine boldly claims to be the leading magazine for star wars gamers
man on first date cunningly leaves behind one of his fingers at woman's house
his reply was very snippy and said he had not realised this was still a thing and it was not ideal to be unable to come home but that he would stay with his gf.
family thought grandfather might enjoy watching worst little league game imaginable
local child amuses cafébut for how long?
ex-starbucks ceo howard schultz announces he considering overpriced, mediocre presidential run
after reading how she really felt, i told her i was ready to give our relationship a second chance, but she said that she wanted time to fully digest and understand exactly what she had written and my reasons for breaking up with her.
now, a little about my wife and i and our saving habits.
'we must protect the pure aryan bloodline,' says child after 9 minutes of unsupervised facebook access
do = dog owner m = me do: your dog needs to be put under control.
mom thinks you'd enjoy restaurant she can't remember name of right now
for background, the school isn't a very good one.
about a month ago my dad watched my girlfriends cat for us as we had to leave town for the weekend.
well, doesn't area businessman look dapper for his big flight to philadelphia
i gave them the coupon number and home address, but the guy at the counter was like a broken record and wouldn’t stop saying the same thing over and over, “you have to have your coupon” he sounded like he was drunk, and i wouldn’t be surprised if he was.
i then explain that i have a rape fantasy.
coal now too expensive to put in christmas stockings
brilliant, innovative ceo just wrote words 'social media' on whiteboard and underlined it
honest wedding website admits there jack shit for guests to do while in town
we all agreed we wanted the shared space “clean” but not spotless.
i'm not being manipulative or forcing a decision on their part, and so the decision to lie and the consequences are uniquely mine (i.e.
area spoon only rinsed for past 18 months
unclear whether grandpa having good time
exhausted sweatshop worker just has to laugh after sewing fingers together
i've tried to talk to my girlfriend about the issue and she just turns stone fucking cold.
new 'war' enables mankind to resolve disagreements
tony blair apparently not british prime minister anymore
would you like the full refund?
i would say the whole dress up thing has been going on since he was three (so only like two years).
now she is angry at me.
it was like, 5 or 6 pm.
senators lured back to emergency session by promise of free pizza
thing went out of control when aaron started spiraling into some mental issues like ocd and depression, and his father (my uncle) had to leave his job in the middle east due to arab spring that sent the country spiraling through a bloody civil war.
god admits he way less strict with last few billion children
nation's sound engineers gather to talk about their ponytails
everyone giving up on john after latest movie recommendation
edit: the party was two dudes (one being me) and two girls.
this feeling also turned out to be correct.
botanists vow not to discuss botany during after-work drinks
she doesn’t provide food, only bread because that’s the easiest.
whenever my mom comes around, she starts going ballistic about it and demanding that we give her a deposit and saying the deposit won't be enough and the landlord is going to sue her when we move out.
so i sent the money my parents told me to give her through the bank account listed in the invitation (common wedding practice), i searched for pictures of the wedding hall, and also looked at their wedding photos afterwards.
u.s. assures hong kong that their protest just one of many issues white house staying silent on
local woman dies of lost cell phone
she is a jerk and a horrible person, no doubt about it!
the guy with the yellow refused, so i offered my three railroads for the yellow, which was accepted.
dow up 300 after deaths of 400
ate chicken and rice, went out side to use bathroom.
texas environmentalists lobby for solar-powered electric chair
so this christmas, i decided to pull a little prank on her.
long time lurker first time poster.
turns out that instead, she became depressed and gained 25 pounds.
i yelled at my bf to get her off me and he did but why would he even allow it to get that far?
this holidays i wasn’t able to afford a christmas gift for my gf and felt ashamed to bring it up to her.
after a while living on my own, i managed to land a new job that dramatically increased my income, such that i could afford to live in a decent normal apartment in my city and not live paycheck-to-paycheck.
then she starts yelling at me.
business card confirms real-estate salesman is eddie money
sandwich previously thought incapable of looking more depressing flattened in backpack
laura bush publishes courageous op-ed calling for imprisonment of whoever created ice
i scurried down the trail to catch up with wife and mil.
when ss was released, he moved in with b and now they're engaged to be matried in june 2019.
aita for abandoning my boyfriend on a date we had planned for months?
i'm very supportive of his decision to do this.
\-asia decides it's her business and says "hey calm down, don't be rude!" and now, i was seeing red.
there are plenty of examples of her just looking for a yes man.
i am trying to make things right and i am trying to be happy.
i was sitting next to her and she had her phone out after they told us to turn our phones off.
he even loaned her $12k+ for remedial mortgage fees.he pretty much knew he never would get it back.
so we got in a huge argument and since last christmas i haven’t spoken to my her mom.
i myself had these moments growing up, taking shit from my own family, so i do see that it can be a lot.
now, i am faced with what i think is an impossible choice, but i am leaning toward being with my girlfriend that night because aside from the fact that we'll get to spend quality time together, i don't want her to have social anxiety (or at least face it alone).
real-life nancy drew traces source of her hpv
because my teacher asked her to stop sharing notes with the rest of the class because they weren't doing any of their own studying and were actually just freeloading off allison because they couldn't be bothered to put in the work themselves(they would just not show up for 2 out of the 4 days, show up the day before the test to take notes from her and leave during the dinner break.
american public clarifies rational, measured response to this terror threat doesn't preclude panicked overreaction in future
i won't stop playing games, i'll just continue to hide and play until school begins.
he loses his mind at other dogs and needs to be trained.
aita for asking a woman what a labia is?
i live with roommates and they want me to take out the kitchen garbage.
baby has sinking feeling he left home without oversize multicolor plastic keys
report: nation getting out all its aggression during monthly calls to wireless provider to fix service
just me being stupid and wanting to have some fun.
tl:dr: fiancee was a birth mother to baby 13 years ago, her dad's side of the family doesn't know, but she wants her daughter in the wedding (since they have a good open adoption).
then again, i did want to spend some time with them before i moved away.
hand of george h.w. bush bursts out of ground to grope one last woman
limited-edition solange vinyl features list of chores to do while album plays in background
apparently he resisted arrest, and they had to call backup to restrain him and send him to the hospital.
bush told to sign birthday treaty for someone named 'kyoto'
i've been to this restaurant before and the guac is really good on some days and ok on other days.
i got a girlfriend and ever sense then i cant give a fuck who anyone but she likes." the got incredibly angry at me saying hes telling me something important to his heart and he wanted comfort in his friends.
&nbsp; yesterday i was supposed to meet him in his office and we were going to go out for lunch.
it came down to me not wanting to and him demanding a reason.
i changed myself for my ex and i was pretending to be someone i wasn’t just for the sake of being compatible.
where he then responded with nothing but “today’s resort fee is comped, you’re all set” and promptly walked away before i could say more.
thing that was popular before brought back in hopes of it still being popular
aita for telling my best friends secret?
boise homemaker bows toward mecca just to see what it's like
also i basically have the same job i had when i graduated college with a slight salary increase, i have not been able to take any initiatives at work to qualify me for a promotion due to my parent responsibilities and a lot of people that started after me outrank me now.
20-something thinking about maybe doing something funny with his facial hair
to make this even saucier at some point pablo needed to be loaned money.
unfinished basement has weird feeling about way woman looking at it
later during the day, one of the two, who is a very religious jewish man, texted me the following: him: "hey, can you tell me {my famaly member's} full name so i can pray for him?" me: "please don't :)" me: "but i appreciate the sentiment" him "you're welcome" to give context, i'm an atheist, and i am very much against these kinds of things (and so is the mentioned family member tbh) .
i truly felt like she kind of played with my emotions, and was just generally with me for the convenience of it.
so am i overreacting and do i look whiny and jealous?
experts: ebola vaccine at least 50 white people away
flash forward and ofc we ended up really drunk and finished the night at my place having awesome sex for hours because both of us had needed that for a looong time.
after i (m24) got off work friday i sent her a delivered pepperoni pizza she was craving hoping that it would make up for me not coming this weekend, boy was i wrong.
tourists not leaving landmark until all permutations of groups and cameras exhausted
my sister asks if i'm going to introduce her to our family anytime soon which makes me realize that i haven't actually asked her if we are dating or not.
man unsure whether to tip bathroom attendant just for wiping his ass
didn't already give me a billion things this year.
buckingham palace guards impressed by first lady's ability to never crack smile
as i passed her to exit the library she gave me a sneer, which frustrated me greatly and so i said, "two feet away, super simple, just move over." on my way out.
i care about her so i told her that she shouldn't be taking drugs like that or drinking excessively if it makes her forget who she is with.
journalist wondering where to mention getting yelled at by u.s. president in article
my " rule " lol before whilst dating was that if a guy wanted a date friday night he should ask me by wednesday and if it was for saturday he should ask/ make plans no later than thursday....
ohio governor makes desperate plea to aquaman
loveless marriage offset by beautiful four-bedroom home
i will be working in the morning so i can clean up what you leave.
new diet surge targets overweight snowboarders
government bails out dow jones with 10,000 points
to this day i’ve only gone to a couple funerals, don’t know what to call it, but we were just in a big room somewhere that was catered and everyone ate in remembrance of my cousin it was interesting anyway ya i went to this gift shop place with ten dollars and bought a big bag of candy.
plenty of my friends are like that.
my mom says she once went to the proxy-landlord and started tentatively asking probing, "hypothetical" questions about subletting, and they were like, "stop right there.
however, one of my friends now (a month after we booked) has said that they cant afford to come, accommodation + flights + living costs would be too much for them.
aita for dumping my addict ex?
it did not end well, we ended up having a fight but at the end of it we decided to sweep it under the rug and forget about it.
a couple weeks later now my second friend has apparently undertaken this project of making the private server and my first friend caught wind of it and is upset with me.
i used to visit her every year, but i stopped 3 years ago.
and are blaming me for the entire thing.
the organ donation industry really bothers me.
his response, from his perspective, was he tried hitting her hat off her head.
basically somehow i made things worse.
'that seems about right,' says soon-to-be-audited man
so we aren't really on the same level when it comes to going out.
christian science pharmacist refuses to fill any prescription
trump assures nation that decision for syrian airstrikes came after carefully considering all his passing whims
through my husband's job he had $300 worth of bonus credit that had to be spent before the end of the year, otherwise he would lose it.
nasa catches glimpse of hard-charging curiosity rover just before insight's communications go dark
'seek funding' step added to scientific method
report: 10 million killed annually by stepping out of comfort zones
country singer trying to think of rhyme for 'shove you'
i left still hungry, and my sister was crying when i got home.
god wondering whatever happened to that planet where he made all those monkeys
so as he dribbled past me, i simply stuck out my foot and tripped him.
both of them are saying i was extremely rude in my replies, and i acknowledge i responded while i was too heated and didn't think through what i was saying much.
she thought i was insane for saying that and i, with regret, told her that she doesn't know what a joke is.
trump boys smash father's cell phone to search for chinese spies
wish i knew who this poor little girls mother was so i could let her know.” the one of the mums gives me a nod as if she agrees with me the rest just all looked away as if i was a arsehole for causing a scene in a play centre.
i wrote a song about her and sent it to her, which she said she really liked so i got more hopeful.
i just think that r should focus more on fixing the issues that i have to repeat instead of asking me not to bring them up with people around.
of course she got mad at me and started raising her voice at me.
(she literally had the things for like two weeks and barely wore it).
family moves elderly aunt into subconscious
senate leaders warn it too early to discuss trump
one of the sucky but necessary things is that you go out with "your" dog during training and they try to trigger a seizure with all the distractions around (for example at a mall, park, theme park).
aita for not moving out of public housing after getting a new job?
i want to cry at times knowing that i’m such a horrible person to make him feel this way, and for something i don’t truly understand.
although i knew this hurt my boyfriend's feelings, i went on the vacation with them.
raving maniac just saying what everyone wants to hear
i answered to the best of my ability, and bf said he would be happy to meet her and answer those questions himself, but she blatantly refused to meet him, saying the sooner we broke up, the better.
but i all fairness i did really give her the impression that i wanted to go out earlier that day but i just changed my mind and came to the realisation that i probably don't want to go to the same places as her anymore (because of our music tastes, rnb/rap/ club music is not for me) so was i being an asshole for just changing my mind last minute?
as me and my girlfriends 3 year anniversary is this weekend (dec 21) i booked it off dec 6.
abraham lincoln's dna now available over the counter
obviously i feel she overreacted, but am i the asshole?
it’s never been anything outlandish, just like turning off electronics when not used or picking up after himself or keeping items that we share or are mine on the side of the room that i use.
aita for breaking up with my (ex) boyfriend after becoming close friends with someone else?
pussy-hat-wearing jeff flake spotted protesting outside senate ahead of voting yes for kavanaugh
bitter concession speeches the only things americans looking forward to in upcoming midterms
i am getting the feeling that i am the asshole, but i also feel a little justified for being one.
in all honesty i had no idea the entrees were this expensive.
(i never find a girl with even basic jewelry attractive) so am i the asshole for trying to get my girlfriend to accomodate my phobia?
i actually pushed her aside one time and i'm worried i might do worse.
fran drescher screeches out for cancer awareness
i might not understand firsthand the life experiences of furries, trans, gay etc but as humans everyone deserves the same opportunities for happiness." she immediately was offended, and started ranting about how my comment was 'pigeon holing her into a feeling of other-ness because i marginalized her struggles'.
this has been ongoing for the majority of her high school and college years.
obama slips 'hope' into speech for the fans
man trapped under boulder braces for possible good morning america interview
my cousin was visiting and like all 5 year olds, he was acting quite naughty.
john hickenlooper announces support for nuking australia just to see if anyone paying attention
this is especially satisfying for me who's been the butt end of a running joke in my group of friends about a mistake i did in the game that lead to similar situation, and if the game was to end early i could do something with my family.
that night at the after party while my friend was passed out i hooked up with her.
self-conscious puppet has no idea what to do with hands
that same day, after being blocked on all social media by emily, i get a message from a friend telling me that emily posted on her snapchat story a photo of her watching mamma mia with her friend with the caption “mamma mia and memes fix everything.” days later my mom and her boyfriend (my father passed away last year) tell me that i’m wrong for being upset and that this thing “happens all the time”.
report: that's expensive, please put that down
usually there was something going on and i get it, he can't be on his phone 100% while he is with family/friends/etc.
middle-aged man having best snacks of his life
kangaroo decides he'll get there faster by just running
american idol winner already complaining about pressures of fame
world's worst person decides to go into marketing
nation still outraged 1933 best picture went to 'cavalcade' instead of 'lady for a day'
i look up and both obese nurses are looking at me angrily.
part of the complicated history with kermit was that he left me for someone else but that didn't work out.
leaf that came out too early cold as shit
study finds 80 percent of facial hair being silently judged at any one time
i tell him, "i barely got any onions in the bite".
yeah, i’m her first, but she is an adult making her own decisions so am i really an asshole?
edit 2: i'm reading all your responses and responding where appropriate.
grandma jumps into buick for emergency birdseed run
i get an epiphany that if i do a good job on this, she'll get all the credit(it is her project after all) because no one is bothered about the technical aspects.
14-year anniversary of 'crash bandicoot' passes by largely unnoticed
aita - for trying to push my husband with tourette syndrome to use cbd oil?
aita for telling my gf's dad she was raped after she cheated on me
area woman's safety net braces for another impact
i tell her no that i will finish it either today or tomorrow.
or should i have gone out with her even though i wasn't having a good time in this club?
keep in mind that he didn't look like a guy who had no money ( i think he also drove a nissan).
during this time i've been traveling with family.
i've been depressed too and i think she just needs to get outside and do things more often to get better, but she says she's comfortable at the computer, knitting (what 20 year old knits?) or drawing/colouring in (which is childish and needs to stop).
they shouted stuff a bit, my sister did a few things just to bother me and then they left.
i get home to call and instead of customer service she gave me the number to the store help services for store experiencing problems.
(a & b share one bathroom and c & d share a bathroom).
tl;dr- girl trying to emphasize the fact that she's ugly, stupid, has depression, when her depression is an oblivious lie.
i tried to get him to study with me at some point this week but he would rather study alone and in his room.
looking at it from his perspective, i'm guessing he felt that he had asked if i was ok, and asking about the record was the next logical thing.
family, friends concerned after peyton manning wanders away from pocket
a few days later, a fellow co-worker of mine (call him anthony) complained that his skateboard had gone missing.
&#x200b; it feels like everything is coming to a head now because it's around time to be making housing arrangements for the next school year, and bf wants for us to get an apartment together.
he is really nice man but the trauma of losing his wife led him to pamper him and silently enable him in being absolutely disrespectful and degrading to my parents.
&#x200b; now this is not to say my friend won't do all these things, as they're her family she tries to help them all out as best she can but on the whole they are all very ungrateful for the things she does for them.
ss has put me in the position of getting to dh to their wedding.
magic-markered initials fail to deter breakroom rice-cake thief
nothing out of the normal i would be happy to help her out and be there for her, then she started sounding desperate for someone to be there for her asking "please answer i just need someone to talk to right now".
botanist holding up entire salad bar
child who soiled self during dance performance apparently just gonna tough it out up there
revolutionary new alarm clock for the deaf uses no hammers
marine biologists train highly intelligent octopus to profitably manage mid-size aluminum goods supplier
he accused us of defaming him and socially isolating him but i think the group just prefers having a girl around to him and didn’t like him much anyway.
finally he was not completely new (he had played ~20 hours) and he knew what he was doing.
dolby theatre usher throws out matt damon for attempting to film oscars with camcorder
wibta if i sleep with a woman i've been volunteering to help?
herpetologists discover species of frogs that evolved to spontaneously grow top hat and cane
after waiting for the call back on friday, i decided i call company xy and ask if we could delay the internship for one day, so that i could call company ab, ask if they want me and when to start and schedule everything, that both jobs don´t overlap.
seaworld café introduces new 5-pound orca burger–eating challenge
man checks to make sure no one home before recording song into laptop
mom scanning menu finds 'pan-seared diver scallops' faster than speed of light
man's area code provides exciting glimpse at past life
i said no as i though this may upset alex.
new history channel program explores what would have happened if history channel never existed
i keep bringing this up as the problem but it just gets brushed off.
archaeologists discover strata of welcome back, kotter merchandise
u.s. middlemen demand protection from being cut out
aita for the way i teach my kid to eat and drink healthy.
terrible things are funny because theyre not funny.
dead daughter would have wanted $220 million liability settlement
stray dad found in lumber section of the home depot
the noodle gimp is in no way involved in the situation with ttt, i don't think they've ever met and i don't think she knows about it.
i told them i was going to be wearing something nice and that i of course wouldn’t show up in sweatpants or something.
my other sister wishes for a tablet on which she can watch movies, series, youtube etc...
she can use her own salary for whatever she wants(she's saving around 40-60% of it).
coworkers nationwide embrace tearfully after painful 3-day separation
nintendo reveals 'smash bros. ultimate' will allow characters to repeatedly punch self in face to freak out opponent
baseball slugger on pace to hit 60 women
report: some people wake up when it's still dark outside
i thought since we treated everything as a competition, he'd be fine.
woman thinks she can just waltz back into work after maternity leave without bringing baby to office
my daughters teacher messaged me asking why she didn’t have a jacket coming to school.
study finds health benefits associated with seriously considering going vegetarian for a while now
international criminal court announces new '3 strikes' genocide policy
'elle' magazine accidentally airbrushes naomi watts out of cover altogether
jury finds man guilty of murdering wife and children, but gets it
'no way to prevent this,' says only nation where this regularly happens
obama addresses nation still wearing spock ears
bill cosby announces dates for u.s. college commencement tour
sadly, gift certificate to loews cinemas perfect gift for area man
i since got into the relationship i mentioned before.
he's shy, inexperienced and awkward with girls.
frustration with husband taken out on soap scum
recently i decided to travel to china to see my fiance of 2 years, he's from eastern europe and is working there, the last time i saw him was jan.
no way old man in park not thinking about dead wife
jeff bezos tables latest breakthrough cost-cutting idea after realizing it's just slaves
most people have a tendency to sit in the middle lane or the left so i find the right to be the most open.
this has put a huge strain of his family, and his parents are unsure whether or not they want to separate (they've had issues in the past).
i do feel kinda guilty with the schedule with the balance of overtime given before too.
and she just doesn't want to hear it.
they're upset with me and are saying we should either cover the cost of them not coming or find another place ourselves but i think thats unreasonable.
she texts me again, in barely like a week, asking if we could be friends and how i’m feeling.
my new neighbour has only moved in a week and hes already been over about noise complaints.
he completely complied and he now doesn't play any of the super time consuming games and plays games such as enter the gungeon (really good game btw), pubg, etc.
renamed arena will always be verizon wireless amphitheater to locals
i am fully aware of this problem.
&#x200b; i want to request divorce this year, and hopefully be able to make a clean break before the end of the year.
report: only 260,000 more games of 'candy crush' until you die
some context: i’m currently working a really demanding job as a lawyer and she’s finishing her undergrad and works part-time.
nasa announces future shuttle launches will be sudden and without warning
genuinely have seen the light 😁😁 aita for wanting my sister to do the dishes?
gop mulls forcing christine blasey ford to publicly apologize to kavanaugh just for hell of it
however, we were friends outside the context of their relationship i.e.
tldr at the bottom but i had this friend for a little over a year.
gets doctor’s prescription for an esa.
my question is, amitheasshole for continuing to make these jokes that are such a big part of my personality?
i got frustrated because he never let me know if that time would work and i had made new plans.
so i apologized again, for making a big deal out of it and bringing it up in the first place and being cold about it last night.
pope francis wears miter with faceshield to comply with new vatican safety measures
i’m a senior in college and i live with three roommates in an apartment.
nation admits being so coked-out in '80s they have no memory of reading 'cujo'
next thing i know her 350 lb java the hut looking boyfriend is about to hyperventilate over the fact and starts yelling at me.
so i guess what im just going to start doing is trying not to even think about sex with my girlfriend at all and never be the one to initiate it.
yes he's still too little to really understand what smoking is but he won't be forever.
comments mysteriously disabled on youtube video of sparrow in yard
edit3: she seems at least 50% better this morning.
to get some experiences and have something to do, it was planned to start an internship (no money, just a favour) next monday at the company xy my fil works, who got me the interview for the internship.
the thing is i go to the gym 4 times a week and im mainly doing it because i wanted to get a healthy weight and gain more muscle mass (i was once kinda skinny).
these issues developed when i went away to college and lived in the city for the first time.
obama already knows who he's going to tear apart in memoir
he replied within the hour “yeah, we probably should”.
nation to be sterilized from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. this friday
we were both slow to respond on reddit, so we exchanged numbers.
she had been fucking this guy for about 6 months.
abortion issue 'most critical of our time,' say tobacco-industry executives
after careful consideration, bush recommends oil drilling
so on an average day, the man would be performing 5 tsas, whereas the woman would only be performing 3.5.
although they were broken up for a year then & he even had another relationship, he let her move in not charging rent.
man reading pynchon on bus takes pains to make cover visible
aita for not finding my (23m) gf (23f) attractive?
jared kushner claims that russian interference less damaging to u.s. democracy than saudi arabia, nepotism, israel, cambridge analytica, uae, illicit donations, erik prince, bill barr, and financial entanglements
she used to smoke weed but hasn't since we've been together.
(she likes softer, upbeat tunes while i like rockier ones) i thought i was being pretty respectful and then another song had some particularly bad lisping/mangling of the english words in the song and i straight up said, "oh i didn't like that.
i went over and stayed at his place.
self-destructing onion social algorithm delivers stirring monologue about folly of mankind's hubris
she did, the nurse said yes go in asap.
&nbsp;&nbsp; her friend says "i'm going to say to tim that she's going to sleep at my place.
class of '88 reunion attendees once again trick sue thorpe into thinking jeff urban likes her
frustrated nursing student unable to draw blood without draining entire body
dzhokhar tsarnaev rushes out of summer class to make court hearing
child blissfully unaware of motel swimming pool's sordid past
homeland security criticized for allowing known killer to stay in country
delta plane jettisons dozens of comfort animals midflight following policy changes
mtv blurs out controversial extended middle finger
study: online content creators outnumber consumers 2,000 to 1
god legally changes name to jake steele
and it was an incredibly *steamy* conversation.
white house now just holding continuous going-away party for departing staffers
moviepass attempts to increase profitability by no longer mailing out free $500 a month to subscribers
i just wish his past would stay dead.
when the tsunami in japan happened i watched all the youtube videos of the tsunami devouring the city’s and country areas.
well the film starts so i shut up and watch the film.
i know you may be thinking: that’s so nice of her, how cute, etc… but i honestly felt like it was weird.
he knows how much the kids love japanese stuff with their toys and tv shows and it is so obviously a ploy to get them to come and spend time with him and his barely legal wife because otherwise they wouldn't give him the time of day.
you also need to recovery time after birth as well.
so not only will my ex see, but her family and just abut everyone i know will see.
she spent her whole life dedicated to me, to our children & our family.
robed mark warner infiltrates secret torchlit ahca ceremony deep in woods behind capitol
my initial reaction was frustration because we do not spend that kind of money on items for ourselves and so spending it with the expectation of getting reimbursed from someone you barely know seemed like a risk that he opened me up to.
the basic plan was to wait until the divorce went through and i was completely moved into my apartment for us to be "official" and open about us.
first disk of rosetta stone hungarian just urges listeners to rethink this whole thing
smiling willie nelson reflects on a lifetime of weed and women
i just wouldn't want them charging me for them.
eventually i said to her “i am very very unhappy with what you have done.
280 days of meryl streep's year spent being honored
i told them i had to drop the dog off by monday but they said that was a no-go.
atheist swayed by claymation story of christ
ever since our daughter was born, i’ve felt so trapped indoors and have had little time to even go out to see friends or eat lunch in town, which i used to do semi frequently when i worked part time myself.
it's bothered me for a while that i've gotten this feedback from other people.
i called him the next day but he was with family so we couldn't talk.
even though we haven't been together for that long, she says that dating means there's a possibility for marriage, which she really wouldn't approve of.
aita for getting pissed at and blaming my brother's girlfriend for my spiralling mental health?
well last season i did it with a girl that was particularly ugly, to the point that the guys still bring it up.
dad's tough exterior hides angry, resentful center
i was trying to be nice about the reason i didn’t want my daughter there.
onion social ceo appears before hague tribunal to be tried for crimes against humanity, promote new website features
professor pressured to sleep with student for good course evaluation
so i have these three very, very good friends.
&#x200b; we've been working with a third friend on an animation pilot, but recently that third friend had moved away and decided he didn't want to be a part of our project anymore.
researchers find decline in facebook use could be directly linked to desire to be happy, fully functioning person
so, after a couple weeks, he started up again.
area man may never find out if condom in wallet is still good
because of this she was cackling loudly.
picture of lemur printed for no goddamned reason
sorry for my poor grammar, english isn't my first language.
the next day, i had a serious allergic reaction while i was running, and i started to go into anaphylactic shock.
shannon tweed named head of u.s. task force on nudity & aging
she comes to talk to me at 9am, and tells me to start getting ready.
she said that the whole situation probably wouldn’t have bothered her if it weren’t for one conversation.
hacker just going to fix a few annoying typos on company's website before stealing customer data
new evidence suggests dinosaurs died in cretaceous period hospice
and then i drove off and left her on the side of the road.
about 9 months into our relationship, i asked him to move in with me, and he agreed.
i jumped in the car without even putting on my shoes and headed down the street.
aita for getting upset with my coworker for not going after an upset child with autism?
white male privilege squandered on job at best buy
i can smell them stinking up the room right now but i really don't mind it much.
museum staff braces for large group wearing same t-shirt
she has a bleeding disorder and a family history of ovarian cysts, and i am a bit concerned about whether or not we will even be able to have children.
tonight we were invited to go to a friend's house and my so mentioned they didn't really want to go for very long.
man's facebook status given book deal
i had been helping her out a ton, driving her too and from work some days, letting her stay on my couch, eat my food, buy her food, etc....
oddly enough, he gets offended whenever someone says something about chinese people.
first thing that popped up on amazon was a 3d printer for $170.
but my now-fiancée and i had talked about rings and stuff as well and this was really close to what she said she wanted.
area man realizes he's not the cool uncle
nation hopeful there will be equally random chance of justice for future victims of police abuse
this is where an eyebrow was raised.
second clarification: several comments have suggested, correctly, that i worded the post poorly so i wanted to clarify.
bush to nominate next person who walks through door
even though he did too all the time, when we were all friends and we weren't.
a few days later, my freshman year roommate wanted me to host a “social gathering” at my apartment since he and his roommates lived in the dorms and that type of thing isn’t allowed there.
depressed gallup director issues poll asking whether anyone would care whether he lives or dies
and i know quite a few people.
my mom calls me upset all the time about how sad he is and how he never does anything.
so first of all i feel guilty really quickly.
she tells me to be polite if i want her to respect me and i tell her i literally don't give a single fuck if she does.
so, after the party, i confronted them.
'underground railroad' carries slaves from brooklyn to manhattan
i would certainly not expect him to give me any money if he won.
aita for talking to a friend on the phone for two hours and not telling my 2 year old son goodnight?
i have another roomate but he hasn't said anything about my noise and talks to me fairly often.
a local gas station is doing a promotion where you get free coffee with any purchase of gas.
i literally get mad everytime i see them.
like how am i supposed to "man up" when i'm dangerously sick and without resources to do anything.
now those aren't bad genetics to have...
no one sure if academy awards after-party going to have food
i swiped up and said "you gained weight and it looks 🔥🔥🔥".
he hasn't tried to talk to me since(about a year now).
we have reached a healthy compromise, and i want to try to continue our fractured relationship, and try to fix it.
we've accepted already that this money is lost (around $7000 total).
pope-killing virus claims yet another victim
can you just charge me for the meal and not give me the chips?
there are a couple factors at play here as to why we may be having difficulties, so my thought is to rule out as much as possible.
i know practice rooms exist, but they don't have the speakers i need, i need to rent them, and at my school they are really hard to book.
new neutrogena extra-strength face wash instantly dissolves bad skin
[ aita for making a joke about vegan chili?
aides say bannon was not on the record when he issued deafening, atonal howl that caused journalist's skull to explode
i was like this for about 6 months, then met this wonderful girl who bought me back to a normal state.
word got around that i made the honor roll.
i just wanted to ask reddit if i was actually even in the wrong with any of this.
plus, there were guests which normally throws all prior seating normalities out the window.
*edit* it seems that based on the comments so far it is split between i am and i am not the asshole.
so some relevant background info; my parents moved to the country i live in (uk) from malaysia (they are chinese-malay) before i was born.
world's last bob hope fan dies of old age
so it's last and i can facetime dad and pass the phone off.
turns out this work meeting, is school related and she would've been home anyway.
icy snowball can already tell it going to make 9-year-old cry
dad spends entire vacation 8 steps ahead of family
my voice is generally speaking level for a typical person when playing the game, as my normal voice is soft.
i told her, straight, that maybe it wouldn't hurt to lose a few pounds so that she has something to wear, but she didn't listen and has since then ghosted me.
morbidly obese man enjoys disabled privileges with motorized cart
7-year-old apparently under impression everyone knows who the fuck aunt dee-dee is
marketing department under impression keebler elves a beloved part of american culture
wal-mart announces plan to slash customers' throats
we agreed upon monogamy and started our relationship.
impersonal trainer couldn't give a fuck what you do with those free weights
excercise ball all the way over there
so whenever i want to play games on my laptop, i have to hide it from my dad.
defunded planned parenthood reassures supporters it has enough fetus cash to keep going
wibta if i told my neighbor to shut the fuck up at night?
i then asked if we can go further in a very small way just quickly today before we take the bigger jump tomorrow, and she said okay.
area man purchases the devil's advocate on dvd for some reason
woman probably just made up rape story in order to get threatening emails
for other teachers and school staff, we made fun of they’re bald, called them terrible cops, and made fun of their personalities.
of the few women that have ever tried to talk to me in some way, they were _all_ 100% girls who were not-straight.
we had to use a folding board and everything, i didn’t expect any customer who came in to be able or have the time or want to fold anything up as nice as management would make me do it.
i did the bestfriend thing and asked her what was up and are you ok trying to reassure her, which she then goes onto to say she needs to do something to rebel against her boyfriend and wanted my help because he can be a really controlling person.
she's a prostitute and i'm tolerable of it i guess, still have my judgements.
she took care of all the hard work of keeping a newborn alive, and my grandparents started to call her my second mother.
authorities abandon search for missing girl after finding huge bass while dredging lake
she claims to enjoy sex and so once a month i’ll get to have sex with my girlfriend.
gordon ramsay berates spoon for 45 minutes
hillary clinton assured drop in polls just indication people haven't abandoned ideals yet
nancy pelosi rushes into living room to hear grandson's first talking point
i heeded their advice and mostly stayed away until junior year where i met current boyfriend justin.
the baby also screams while playing and causes headaches for many.
empty 'about us' page leaves chinese buffet's origins shrouded in mystery
breaking: can anyone ever truly know anything? what is the truth?
she seemed to show remorse or some kind of regret.
to be clear, i have never looked at his bank accounts, except 1.5 years ago when this all happened.
the only silver lining to me being gone is that he’d get to spend time with family and they’d get to spend time with him.
i had never felt that toward her before in my life.
we hadn't really been talking to each other for a while, then she popped back up in my life shortly after the break up so it was a pretty natural response to have the thought in my head.
god pledges $5,000 for cancer research
country music protested in restaurant's kitchen
my mom confirmed this with my brother, and indeed, these kids are getting no stocking or gifts from santa.
what the japanese call “gals” are just a group of girls who are scary and have their skirts above their knees.
after a lot of complaints my parents are starting to see my perspective, but now i’m stuck with a hard choice.
more info: things are good with my so.
finally we had an argument where we both pressed each other's buttons.
mta reminds new yorkers they can fucking walk
school surprised to learn student committed suicide over pressures of intro to communications
mitch mcconnell celebrates brett kavanaugh as culmination of everything he's worked against
i texted the whole family and exposed my aunt.
ended up getting a slew of his customers in major trouble and one of them, the most popular guy in my high school expelled.
i’d especially appreciate feedback from non gender conforming people.
sure, i have a lot of friends who are girls, but for the most part, finding a relationship has been hard.
i tell her that i know she always answers, and she thinks for a bit and says she does, and that she was just thinking about how she doest want to answer so she assumed real fast she never did answer.
sorry for the long post, it’s my first time posting here, and i’m not much a of a writer, so i don’t know what is necessary information or not, but aita?
elementary schoolers depressed after getting look at voters filing out of gymnasium
but like, fuck man, we work together, ain't nothing wrong with saying hi.
stephen breyer sets supreme court record for most gavels in mouth
he puts in the time, but it's all his mindset i think.
netanyahu doubles down against obama with powerpoint on perils of affordable care act
plastic bag still up in tree
judge restricts roger stone's travel between fox news, infowars studios while released on bond
the bus ride is about 20 minutes.
when we aren’t working at least one of us is using it.
beekeeper wishes he understood women like he understands bees
in my opinion, just the fact that he used the word snitching implies that he knew it wasn't okay in the first place.
this letter contains some pretty deep stuff, and i make sure to put it in an envelope and pit "read when alone" on it.
surgery required for new sexual position
trip to office kitchen hastily altered to trip to bathroom to evade despised coworker
rand paul escorted off stage after falling below 2.5% in middle of debate
(she's 24 and i'm 20, dunno if it matters) after the 2nd time we slept together, she told me she'd been in a relationship for 7 years, and was going to spend christmas and new year with her bf on another town.
cnn holds panel discussion to determine if there race problem in america
area throat-clearer to go see movie
lowest brightness setting, tell an ingame friend im in a theatre and he thinks im an asshole regardless of seating.
report: get back to fucking work
relieved malia obama quietly thanks secret service agents for taking rap for her
i guess i did kind of finesse her into the relationship but there definitely was romantic feelings.
&#x200b; tldr; autistic girl who can't sing ruins the recording of our beautiful concert, people say i shouldn't blame her because of her disability, i think that's a bullshit cop-out.
hillary clinton issues single-word victory speech following super tuesday results
your high school boyfriend still smoking cigarettes in the field behind school
is he the asshole to not only learn cantonese, but then surprise me and my family with it without consulting me?
tipper's thumb delivered to gore campaign headquarters
and he hasn't said anything about it and when i brought it up he said it was cool and that it was a good prank, but i can tell he is a bit peeved at us.
i’m sticking firm to my decision because i know it’s the best for her safety even if she’s thinks i’m being a massive asshole right now.
i always knew she had a minor thing for me but never acted on it since i was in a relationship.
(at my school if you self report for drugs they let you off but only once.) they still found the matches beef had been using though so he got suspended for that.
historians uncover lost socrates dialogues where he just gave up and started screaming that opponent a fucking brainwashed shill
so to conclude, women have little reason to complain about men who don't put the toilet seat down, as they still have to perform fewer tsas than the man.
report: bridge probably has whole mess of bats under there
i attempted to contact the driver by calling the company during business hours, this morning, to be berated by the manager there, “carl”.
trump promises u.s. will continue to recognize, preserve palestinians' historic refugee camps
this is in addition to a decent amount of social travel, as she has 3 separate friend groups she goes on out-of-town trips with once or twice a year.
thanks for letting me know how much of an asshole i am, no /s.
promotional pen covered in deadly virus
i understand them marking me a little lower on the peer reviews for not contributing as much, but i feel like i didn’t have much opportunity to contribute unless i shirked other responsibilities and my overall grade took about a 6-7 point hit for it.
my aunt disagreed and was offended that i thought "six million jews died" was funny.
ozzy osbourne bites head off five-pound chocolate rabbit
whenever my grandparents come to visit from outside the country, they stay with us, and i'm usually the one to give up my room for them to stay in, and i sleep in the extra bed in my sister's room while she is at her college.
it was fucking hot, i had been working hard all day and i was tired of brittany's shit.
i wanted to ring tommy anyway so when i did i also asked on her behalf when i thought he would be there and then relayed the information to her.
chinese takeout restaurant thought it had seen man at his worst
she's my best friend and i could never do that.
iowa resident has opinion month too late
huckabee sanders repeatedly insists that president's footprints created the great lakes
i agree my dog is quite aggressive in barking at times, but has never physically harmed anyone or any dog.
department of education hires art teacher to spread evenly across all u.s. public schools
speaking of their dog, it kept coming over to my yard and getting into fights with my pitbull.
she was ok with it at first, then she got upset and told me how shitty it was for me not to give it a chance.
plus suggesting he buy her jewelry.
toddler makes convincing case for being afraid of horse
years of networking, glad-handing sabotaged by coworker's good idea
i sent him the details on what trains to catch to get back to our hostel and told him whatever he does do not walk back.
man's bloodstream enjoys hour-long intermission between coffee, alcohol blitzes
local teen would choose gun with night vision laser scope if he joined army
and then nathan went bankrupt and he flipped the board and yelled the f word.
efforts of world's 16 billion chickens still not adding up to much
obama warns he may cease to exist unless america believes in him
that was a very hard break up for me and i didn't date anyone seriously for a long time after that.
menu describes diner's pancakes as 'world famous'
like bragging about how much money he has.) throws the trash at me.
clinton tests positive for presidency-enhancing drugs
libyan rebels still working full-time at other jobs
woman leaving meeting worried she came off as too competent
i went over to the illegally parked suv and kicked out all for valve stems.
theoretically i could try and get her contact, introduce myself and my problem, but i don’t think that will ease her mind and i feel like i should just talk to my ex as it is about him and he knows about all the history and the gravity of the matter.
scott pruitt claims misappropriated epa funds would have only been wasted on dumb shit like clean water
my sister has a poor body image due to strict upbringing, her bmi is in the healthy range but she skips regular meals a lot, especially after eating snacks in order to “compensate” for the consumed calories.
especially since i wasn't even doing anything, i just needed proof you two were talking about the whole bird thing 3.
finally she got rid of him, only for him to weasel his filthy ass back into her life.
some info will be neutrally changed to keep redditor wife off the scent.
i sent him a text saying happy thanksgiving and to arrive before 6pm.
aita if i steal a mountain dew voltage can from my roommate but put a $1 bill on the box?
kfc paleontologists reconstruct 24-piece party bucket from single chicken leg
for some reason he got kinda mad about it and asked what i meant.
2) aita for not spending as much time as my wife thinks i should to see our daughter in nicu?
and its not like we were talking to her.
shes pretty much the exact opposite of my "real" self.
aita for not letting my dog sleep on my bed?
aita for cutting people out of my life when they don't live near me?
ambassador holding phrasebook 'pretty sure' she just strengthened ties with pakistan
little karate figures on top of local dojo's trophies all cowering in fear
police department reduces costs by using same evidence for every investigation
aita deleted pictures documenting spousal abuse, she is still with the guy.
the words they used were more to the effect of "douchebag" and "arrogant." i am technically an asshole, i said that in the title.
so i been working out eating way less trying to lose weight and my brother over here is eating more than ever not working out does nothing but play fortnite all day.
this happened a few years ago but still feel guilty.
her lack of nutrition caused growth stunting.
chris collins thanks supporters with can't-miss tip on biotech stock
it was just so weird to me and basically, i told l to cancel the flight and not come because i didn't think he would actually come.
it was known because of her being defensive around her phone, her going to the restroom to talk on the phone, her angling her phone so no one could see it, her lying about who she was talking to, her easily being pissed off by her husband, you know, the usual.
the next time i saw her she sat me down and very seriously explained why she thought what had happened was super inappropriate, she also brought up a bunch of stuff that i hadn’t noticed.
the complaints aren't exactly being phrased in a friendly way either.
aita for yelling at my sister and father, who came to pick me up?
since his friends were also there, i taught them too.
she also happens to be a very strong feminist.
political blogger mass suicide to be discovered in several weeks
movie studio blows whole budget on big-name gaffer
&#x200b; now with that in mind, this christmas as my friend was doing financially okay she wasn't particularly concerned about the gifts she received and so said to each of her family members that in lieu of buying everyone a present this year she would donate to a charity of their choice instead.
exhausted doctor to wake up early, finish surgery in morning
**set-up and dynamics** well, it’s been a semester.
community vastly improved by tv station's caring
comedy central to air touching man show reunion
area mom disappointed no one noticed mastectomy
anyway, i think we were "on", we had a pretty emotionally intimate few weeks, and we've been talking and cuddling a fair bit.
some genius juxtaposing religious iconography and bodily waste yet again
pope asks to be taken off list of world's 100 richest people
boss came to work today dressed as guy who fires sean
area man locked in protracted battle with sweatshirt neckhole
so this is exactly as the title states.
i went on [twitch.tv]( last night to browse through streams.
pissed too he couldn't send a damn birthday card.
she makes sure i have meals, and a clean house to live in, but god damn she is so hypocritical.
'nothing ordinary' about multinational chain of pepsico-owned, mexican-themed fast food outlets
errant keystroke produces character never before seen by human eyes
we all lived in different cities a few hours away from each other, but we'd meet up every couple of months to go camping or go on mini-trips.
paul ryan quietly doing seated ab exercises throughout state of the union
i don't like the idea of being controlling which i know i can be sometimes.
report finds j. geils band's 'centerfold' will outlast you and all that you create in this life
my friends made it clear that he was always invited to things we did together.
paramedics didn't realize how hard it would be to cut drunk woman out of elmo costume
columbus day protests once again erupt as nation struggles with its dark, anti-italian past
i come back in and try to explain to her that i can’t understand her, but she starts getting mad at me.
43-year-old figured he would've grown out of waving to self on security cameras by now
i've told dh he needs to suck it up and be there for his son.
&#x200b; korean weddings are really big and really short, lasting for about thirty minutes and ending well within an hour.
her post went on to vent about how people are so ignorant.
at this point i was torn, i could've easily called her to let her know, but suddenly all the plans that were in place would fall apart and she would be left without a date on short notice.
mom locked in infinite loop of purchasing, returning items from lord & taylor
airline food under fire from area comedian
besides, i've used some of that saved up money to get myself a nice computer for school and to fix up my car.
nation's pregnant women announce discovery of comfortable sitting position
and yet having it confirmed hurt a lot considering how i've been trying to be more intimate, only to be shut down.
instantly she mentions how i *must* wear pants(that need be long enough to cover up said ankle monitor, no shorts allowed, i'm in fl btw) so the other room mates and neighbors do not see.
area man bored with all the porn he owns
last night, i got drinks and caught up with my friend (let’s call her susan), as we hadn’t seen each other in a few months (we go to different colleges, so we don’t get to see each other often).
man in solitary confinement can't break with reality fast enough
we live 11 hours and an ocean apart right now, and have been doing the long distance dance around the world for two years.
report: north dakota leads nation in parking availability
meanwhile, i’m trying to save so we can finally buy a house).
i love my friends' kids but i also know the kids are the sole reason we never hang out regularly anymore.
then i blocked him on everything (instagram, whatsapp) and the last thing i heard from him was when a mutual friend told me he tried to kill himself (not sure how serious his attempt was) and now recently after 6 months of absolutely no contact another friend told me that he had a new gf, i looked into his instagram and saw a couple of pictures, and seeing how happy they are hurt me very much.
historians still unable to determine how americans were able to build hoover dam
2018 winter olympics cancelled due to inclement weather
the reason i know he bought them is because there was a photo of them included in our shared family photo stream of the items he purchased.
we live in a huge city where every day there are going to be weird people like this that to me are not worth a second of our time.
study finds more americans waiting to start secret second families until later in life
however, it got worse and worse over time.
it's been 3 days and i honestly think she's going too far.
bitcoin on path to functioning just like real currency after small concentration of people acquire majority of it
inside: america rates the skin colors
crops begin emerging from farmlands across nation as monsanto ceo slowly raises arms
doctors don’t need to try anything else or prove that this prescription for an animal which is allowed nearly anywhere can be measured.
area woman encouraged by sight of other woman drinking beer alone at airport bar
pro-sanders phillie phanatic places masking tape reading 'silenced' over honker
icy cave at peak of andes mountains now sole remaining place on earth where you can escape this
movie theater employee hurt by customer's comments about high price of popcorn
i talked to him about it earlier today and he said that it's not about him.
immediately went to go see if my charger was plugged in, and smelt something burning.
tony's okay, but ike is someone both of us dont like tbh, we tolerate him cos he's pablo and wilson's friend.
she ended up getting a job and was completely sober.
so it was us plus my husband and his 3 other friends.
i leveled with them and things sorta cooled off but with the demand to never make any such “joke” ever again.
she can kick rocks me: she thinks we were telling how she shoulf live and exerting our will over her and getting pissed when she bites back.
heaven slides to sixth place in annual quality of afterlife rankings
scalia, thomas, roberts, alito suddenly realize they will be villains in oscar-winning movie one day
israel's, hamas' disregard for palestinian life aligning nicely
i slipped because the stairs were wet, and not because i was tipsy.
i abbreviated that and it has come off harsher than it actually was.
&#x200b; we were both shy, her more than me, but we were still able to communicate fine.
normally, all players in the same session must consent for brake blocking before the game starts.
we always make fun of each other but it’s all in good fun.
man starting to think only reason people hanging out with him because they all on same jury
travel mug regales other mugs with stories from road
what i forgot to do when i was ordering food was to tell her not to put any onions in my food.
only a few people have remained in contact with him and he must be manipulating them because they are critical of my relationship with his ex.
both true, but doesn't help now.
i'm an entrepreneur and i like taking risks and don't see the issue in failure.
&#x200b; so my viewpoint is that her mom would merely be helping out in a way that she has before, and that it's not unreasonable of me to leave this for her to do, especially since i've dedicated much more resources to her parents and brother over the years than they have to me.
but right now she’s driving me insane with constantly worrying and it’s making me just want to distance myself from that aspect of our relationship.
facebook offers to freeze female employees' newborn children
she also forgave her friend because his intentions were good.
if i had been working for the charity i would have simply said "hello someone borrowed a chair from here can we have it back please?" not "you stole a chair from us and we'd like a 5 euro donation".
italy, japan advance to g8 finals
the school has a low cost option available, but i do not know what it is.
ford recalls 2010 mustang for being too cool
i had a headache, so i went to lie down.
three of man's closest relationships with brands
did i expect too much from a friend?
liberal feels like idiot for placing entirety of hopes on mueller probe instead of new york prosecutors' investigation
b has changed, at least from what i can see, into a different, far better person.
friends excitedly gather around man's phone to watch shaky footage of concert
so my best friend is getting married!
study: owning a boat not worth it
so here’s what happened today in class our teacher gave us a two part assignment to find a movie scene and commercial and analyze the music used in them with the seven elements of music.
i tried to make her drink water but it was too late i guess.
my date at this time went from kind of giggling a bit (when the waitress came in) to just straight up serious after all the attention just turned to us.
savings passed on to local woman
we'd been joking around about a blackhead on my neice's nose for a few weeks (her mother started talking about it).
boarding school student receives wet william
'invisible airwaves crackle with life,' reports geddy lee from man's detached earbud
abc camera immediately cuts away after showing harvey weinstein sitting at oscars
apple unveils single colossal iphone all americans can use at once
tom clancy's death hits cincinnati airport hudson news cashier pretty hard
man who said 'yes' to life found with mountain bike at bottom of gorge
study: home rotisseries only american technological field still advancing
aita for stealing kills in an overwatch deathmatch with my friends
to clarify, when i advertised a room it did say no couples so i think that was justified.
i tried to contact her to check in on her but she blocked those advances as well.
nasa administrator announces he will open his body up to sexual tourism
cdc attempts to put ebola outbreak in perspective by releasing list of worse ways to die
she also talks as though she knows more than everyone around her.
'repealing net neutrality will help spur innovation,' announces face of ajit pai blaring from every computer screen in nation
aita for objecting to my wife's travel schedule (and it's impact on me with respect to child care), and / or for how i've handled the issue regarding her staying at her current job vs.
engineers still unable to produce styrofoam cup without little center nub sticking out from bottom
this was months after my mother died unexpectedly too.
guard in video game under strict orders to repeatedly pace same stretch of hallway
( so it was a saturday night, and i was talking to my girlfriend over discord, and i made a joke when she asked a question, about how there was a bird over there, and how she should look over there to find it.
irs can't believe area man didn't get a raise last year
i told her that i was grateful for her taking me to this event, but that i needed to leave and collect my thoughts.
we were hanging out and smoking at my house, and he starts asking me all these sexual questions like how big my dick is, if i've ever had sex with a guy, do i like giving bjs, is it cheating to have sex with a guy, etc.
at last, i guess i pushed him to the limit.
in the stores here they put an exchange ticket on everything before christmas so people can return and exchange their presents if they wish to do so.
financially struggling trump campaign holds fundraising riot
&#x200b; i was almost in tears listening to the recording the first time i listened to it earlier today.
he told me he would do it later.
ecstatic american indians praise 'the lone ranger'
i answer her calls, and shes crying which makes me feel horrible.
woman mad boyfriend not jealous she danced with other guy
majestic pine recruited for yosemite by national park headhunters
maid of honor specifically selected for ability to take emotional beating
i'm not that happy about it.
hooded members of congress drown another love child in potomac to prevent affair from getting out
but i've not had some action for nearly a week.
i would never use manipulation tactics like that.
we talked for a little and then got down to business.
man who enjoys popular rock songs discovers perfect radio station
one of the girls, who is a hipster sjw type, and also black, raised her eyebrow at that phrase and pointed it out to me.
webmd doesn't know how to tell you this
cheering gets slightly less loud after obama's call for community service
i never really got over nick, we broke up because he moved about three hours away and the relationship became really difficult to maintain.
i just want to drink alot of red wine, eat pizza and escape reality.
man who has clocked 137 hours in rpg can't believe he has to waste precious time watching cutscenes
antifa organizers announce plans to disrupt neo-nazi rally or whatever else going on that day
i was removed from my work group chat, and several people actually deleted me as a friend.
she responds with she has to go home because her brother wants her to.
saudi arabian king to populace: 'don't even think about it'
it’s not a normal swastika but a variation, i suspect, so as to not attract too much attention.
i'm not playing mind games to try to "win" her back.
he had run it past other people and they unanimously agreed with him.
heavenly sources confirm joe jackson already screaming at michael
my boyfriend and i were having a fun night together before he leaves on a trip.
**the callouts/the aftermath - in which adults do not properly communicate their emotions and we bury things for later** i took some time to process what happened, and a few days later i asked the noodle gimp to talk.
study: 90% of all meowing comes from owners trying to get cats to meow back
backstory: my girlfriend (f24) and i (m24) have been together for 5 years and have more or less shared economy.
she’s generally quiet, but doesn’t abide by our roommate for cleaning duties.
complete idiot still thinks brittany murphy dating jeff kwatinetz
americans outraged amazon's punishing work culture has yet to yield same-day shipping for all products
i dislike her company, but if i tell her that she's gonna go apeshit.
two weeks ago i was visiting my cousin in philly and we went out to a real waterhole.
in no way a reserved or handicap spot.
you then told me to "fucking block you already" and started talking about a break up (major heartbreak btw) and while i knew you wouldn't have done it, hurt that you thought i was going to do it.
we've talked to each other a couple times but we barely know each other.) at this point i see the opportunity and decide to mess with him a little.
weak, ineffectual man will be right back with that account file
she said that she will promise to think about it herself.
and i'm good at it so people don't usually realise.
when i was fourteen i could hardly imagine seeing it, and my brother’s being handed the opportunity on a silver platter.
i've been working through some self-image and mental health problems, and have recently taken the opportunity of being on holiday to expose myself to situations that are difficult for me to try and build tolerance.
polish rapper under fire for use of the word 'polack'
partly to get it off my chest and partly because this sub needs more assholes and fewer validation stories.
racehorse unaware it just cost some kid new braces
so i just wore her clothes without asking and she never seemed to mind it.
now things are all good, we are having fun and are both intoxicated by british standards (which is like 5 times the socially acceptable amount for americans), and then one of her friends gives me a nudge and says /u/viralmelon go over there she is being harassed.
am i an asshole for making a silly mistake like this?
gop strips steve king of post on powerful house segregation committee
picasso's 'guernica' triples in value after being autographed by the 1994 new york rangers
baseball hall of fame elected to hall of fame hall of fame
he’s a recent college grad, and both myself, his girlfriend, and my friend are both still in college so we all are struggling for money.
unfortunately she lives with her parents and i think is why she spends so much time here.
i was married to a girl in a wheelchair.
fbi director wishes he had some alien thing to cover up
i spent the next 4 or 5 hours making a resource management based card game basically entirely in photoshop.
earlier that day i told her i would go hard with her at the club no matter what anyone else wanted to do because we haven't gone out in a while.
craigslist apartment listing uses record 354 exclamation points
&#x200b; me: what am i accusing you of?
bush sr. apologizes to son for funding bin laden in '80s
my asd makes it hard to interpret social things like this, so if you do reply please be clear and through.
i told her that i’d be a good fit for someone to lose her virginity to.
i’m friends with everyone and all the girls in my class are completely comfortable with being around me.
bush picks up 20 copies of washington post he's in
robert mueller ascends into sky with umbrella after trump family promises they learned lesson about honesty
midwestern tornado destroys 4 world's largest objects
melania trump hangs decayed badger carcass over white house mantel to finish off traditional slovenian christmas decor
now, i just want to clarify that i don’t care if a person is gay, bi, whatever.
girls scouts announces they'll never ever let gross fucking boys in
past the light we enter our destination located to our right seperating right turn lane with a v shaped barrier.
i took her outside to get fresh air and she was sitting on a bench complaining she’s cold and wanted to go home.
pepperidge factory farm under fire for inhumane treatment of milanos
because it winds up just blowing up in my face when i do.
but then one of my cousins tricks him into going back into the house by saying that there's a game for him inside (which is kinda shitty imo).
clinton questions obama's ability to greet world leaders
but my question is am i the asshole for keeping my past a secret and from protecting him from the shit show that is my parents?
as i said before, they always go home for the weekend.
breakfast in bed served to mom who just got eaten out
i got pretty depressed in the fall and cried a lot because i felt like he was saying what he thought i wanted to hear but dragging his feet.
she took one thing i said to her one night at the dinner table and ran with it.
i told her i would leave if that would make things easier because i felt responsible, but she insisted.
i told my boyfriend if he covers his ears i’ll be upset cause i find it extremely rude and it is just tim’s speaking voice (which he doesn’t have much control over in my opinion).
dc executive worried batgirl script not interesting enough to be movie, 3 more movies, 2028 reboot and 4 more movies
i know he's a toxic person but he has been one of my best friends for more than a decade, we've always been there for each other and even if he's a dickhead with his girlfriends he's a good friend to us.
i know our politicians aren't saints, but to watch how this trump lead gop has turned the us into a laughing stock is quit remarkable, and scary.
his sister is seven and he’s taken to wearing her old clothes.
i feel horrible for that little boy and his family but to kill yourself over what others think of you?
the last thing i remember of the evening was pointing with my cup and asking myself, "is that girl pregnant?".
the time commitment is way higher than i thought and she has a lot of emotional baggage that i don't feel prepared to handle.
'how could harvey weinstein get away with this?' asks man currently ignoring sexual misconduct of 17 separate coworkers, friends, acquaintances
he barely believed it but it held for two years.
i was planning on finding out if she belonged to anyone, but then this conversation happened.
it was a reaction as if someone she knew died in one of the towers..
i am not asking alice for money as i am not entitled to it.
plus he is bringing his so, meaning we are now feeding two people and getting a hot dog pizza in return...
my wife and i run a mechanic shop.
evidently courtesy is too much to ask for.
college allowing students individual commencement speakers to make ceremony acceptable for all
he kept on asking for more time to get his mind around it, but never managed to get there.
cvs cashier can't wait to accept $20 bill from customer purchasing 3 different cough medications
tire salesman to hit them with a little razzle-dazzle
i say didn’t you see the list?
it’s not like i’m taking a picture of him in his private home or anything.
plus i would get reamed out like a mother-fucker: i was a teenager, so obviously that was concern #1, so i go into disaster-prevention mode.
in case it's relevant, my brother is younger but also in his twenties.
it was at this point she noticed a wallet on the 4 recently vacated seats, she sought out the driving license and low and behold, it belonged to mr a.
during the day all players vote to eliminate a player; during the night the mafiosos choose to eliminate a player.
encyclopedic knowledge not so handsomely bound
r just moved in at the start of the fall term while i’ve been in he house for a few years.
**customer** why do you keep asking me if i want a refund, like it's a choice, when it seems to be the only option **agent** sorry but this is the only option i have on the system.
citizens to vote on young or old reagan for $15 bill
thanks for taking the time to share your input with me.
john roberts delivers finishing blow to stephen breyer to defend title of chief justice
postmaster general loses laptop; zip-code data of millions at risk
what is reddit’s judgement on the ethics?
we didn't fight much since it was pretty early on into the relationship, and i'm not really a contentious guy.
30 min later i'm good enough to drive so i walk back in and he has set up his bed.
trump unveils plan to address migrants with new open-fire policy
emotional elon musk recalls spending entire birthday working on concepts for mistreating employees
moderator reminds vice presidential debate audience to remain silent when exiting early
kim jong-un panics after returning to north korea to find country's populace has escaped
i see their point, because we did break the tv, but we dropped a lot of money on this and we really could have gotten some old crt that was equivalent to the price of the old tv at the time we broke it.
it's 3am and i'm currently downstairs on the sofa so you can guess how this one panned out.
am i the asshole for judging people that sit on the end without filling in the seats like a decent human being?
anyway, i got on with my day.
area man thinks it's nice they didn't put the prettiest girl scouts on the cookie box
i will never ever order here again, and will be telling everyone i know this shi#ty experience.
yesterday, she asked me if i would be ok with our son being in daycare for half the day m-f so she can go to the gym and work on her esthetician license.
casinos getting people to play longer by telling them rest of civilization destroyed
so here's the issue, i live with my girlfriend and she hates my stinky feet.
fox producers attempt to tire out aggressive candidates before debate by letting them run around outside
nation braces for 13 more weeks of coworkers talking about their fantasy football teams
i usually call them out and usually greeted with the same excuse: that they are trying to get more people to see it.
cruel owner chains bike outside in freezing weather
how it works is that the medical industry wants everyone to "give" them their organs when they die (and sometimes before).
returning west virginia teachers unceremoniously toss hundreds of dead class pets into trash
as soon as i sent the message, i regret it and told him i said it out of anger and would want to be friends still and that i still want to talk.
after 8 months of dating, he’s proposing and has already asked me twice if i’ll be a groomsman.
nervous maid of honor just stringing together random maya angelou quotes
i felt that wasnt really a reason at all but just the way she feels about it.
also contains the comment where he bans me for posting the edit showcasing his abuse.
it had no comments or likes, so i was like..
i wrote out all the details because i tend to forget what happened if i get really stressed with a confrontation.
viewers annoyed episode of 'the bachelorette' interrupted just to announce person who will set back social progress 40 years
mom declares garage her next big project
our recent arguments have revolved around her complaining that she is asked to do too much around the home and that the tasks are not evenly split.
i felt like she deserved it because of how she acted...
aita for pulling the seat from underneath someone in the bar
so i matched with a woman on tinder today and once i saw her bio, i was immediately turned off.
am i being an asshole here?
i met a guy at work about 6 months ago who i guess i just sorta slowly fell in love with.
i tried taking them back from her, but i didn't want to risk ripping them and mom wouldn't let me have them back.
i then canceled my subscription, and took off my debit card as a payment method, just in case they try to charge me later.
room scanned for something to sell on ebay
iowa board of tourism launches 'des moines is des perate' campaign
i also know that it would destroy him to be cheated on and he would break off the relationship.
i then brought up the 5 euro donation she had solicited from joe; the guy who had dealt with them when he had come to the shop.
lawyers identify dozens more bill cosby victims while interviewing potential jurors
the feeling was mutual, we went on to see each other and eventually wanted to get into a relationship.
i told her the truth, because i hate lies and i'd want people to tell me the truth.
g7 unable to get deposit back on shipment of 'g8 summer getaway' t-shirts
baby feels foolish after realizing stranger waving at toddler next seat over
nation flattered brand would go to the trouble of selling them a hand-crafted product
anyways, we're at that age where we're all getting married.
she quickly gave it up the next day.
member of book group just loved this book a little less is all
if i were to break up with her right now, i know i would ruin her and that's the last thing i want.
but it's ridiculous how he takes things personally so often.
i’m prepared to be called a terrible person...
homosexual tearfully admits to being governor of new jersey
petulant 12-year-old refuses to brown the ground chuck
i had this friend, who i’ll call peter.
i got a girlfriend at some point, then we stopped this arrangement and he was cool with it.
cooking class instructor can already tell which couples signed up based on marriage counselor's recommendation
grieving nation solemnly waits extra day for their amazon shit
sally was recently put in my 10th grade creative writing class, and one of our first units was a memoir.
u.s. forces take control of white house
i actually feel a huge sense of relief.
teacher's lounge the site of 5 separate emotional breakdowns today
my cousins are 14, 16, and 17.
senior citizens discuss merits of county-clerk candidates
but you may want to seriously reflect your role in developing your son’s self-aggrandizing behavior.” me, a few hours later- “i’m sorry if i offended you.
report: john grisham slowly but surely climbing list of greatest living american authors
66-year-old 'washington post' reporter hopes he liveblogged state of the union right
turns out fiance is fairly religious and this caused a fight.
&nbsp;&nbsp; edits: i'm adding some things about the story that i forgot intially.
osha special ops team raids local office after receiving intel on expired fire extinguisher
about five minutes later, sw: excuse me, could i sit down there?
i have an art degree, and he is working towards a neuroscience degree if that gives any insight into our personalities.
anyway, when we were on our way home we passed a woman selling tamales on the corner for $2 apiece.
guy at bank has weird hair for guy who works at bank
this was satisfactory for a long time.
man needs verbal assurance that hand stamp will get him back in
i have had to remove the upstairs and downstairs carpet.
&nbsp;&nbsp; next morning, i'm feeling horny as hell.
he got in his van and left.
i had to walk to the nurse and tell her that i might be having a slight allergic reaction.
it looks great with my dress.
throwaway account - my husband (31m) has tourette syndrome (ts) ([link, in case you don't know what it is]( and we’ve been together 12 years now, so i’ve seen how much it controls his life, and his is a mild case.
i kept hoping she would change since she kept coming back to me...
bobby jindal lies to parents about winning gop nomination
area man stops self after eating 3 advent calendars
study: only 40% of mice have little welcome mat, doorway leading to tiny home inside wall
she said, "oh, i have social anxiety, too!
sources: c'mon, just give us the goddamn pulitzer already
you the newest subsidiary of kraft foods
my friend and i were in a short relationship, and we weren't that obvious about it, so i don't even think our other friends really knew.
are we assholes for undermining their so-called punishment?
i feel betrayed by someone who i thought would never hurt me.
i will put a copy of the email as the first comment, but essentially, it was very passive aggressive, blaming her for everything and insisting that not count the test as part of our grade.
national security council distracted by whimpering jared kushner pawing at door throughout meeting
stupid man overshadowed by louder stupid man
she is the manager so i figure she could be a little generous sometimes with scheduling and stuff as it is not a particularly busy store most of the time other than holidays.
some guy at bar lived in san francisco for a summer and liked it a lot
after a long series of angry, tear-filled talks, they took all my stuff, gave me a flip phone, and left me at school.
that would be a drastic, heartless, and irresponsible line of actions.
al-qaeda member wistfully recalls time when radicalization done face-to-face rather than online
so im thinking “alright i guess thats fine, a quick massages is like what?
'game of thrones' fan rewatching past episodes to remind self of what characters' breasts look like
justin has threatened to break up with me over this which i find is totally unnecessary.
aita for not bothering about my brothers girlfriend cheating with someone he knows ??
mccain gives up jcpenney catalog-modeling job
and honestly, if he hadn't preemptively whined about it already, i probably would have explicitly asked him to not remain friends with patrick.
&#x200b; i was an asshole many times with these anger issues.
i don’t say anything because i’m relatively new and people just seem to deal with it.
she generally isn't interested in all things sex at all.
we were just fuck buddies for about two weeks, and after much thinking i realized i really did like this girl and told her i'd like to give us a shot, so we started "dating".
report: rest of pottery class knows each other from previous pottery class
i told her, i will not give her gifts to them.
when i was leaving again i told my sister that i'll come down one day.
i [28f] just spent the week with my sister [22f] since we couldn't see each other over the christmas break.
eggs good for you this week
i’ve been fortunate to not have to work for the same reasons and during the summers i used to work to have spending money to have liberties to spend in what i wanted and still contribute.
so just buy another crate and we'll be fine.
so this happened today, allow me to set the scene, it'll take a while.
progressive parents refuse to tell child its sex
i was willing to take the risk of her finding out and getting mad at me, as long as i have a shot of making thing better for her.
i was having tailbone pain with the other chair.
woman who shrugged out of boss's shoulder rub taking no shit today
'i just want a substantive, issues-oriented democratic debate,' lie thousands of americans hungry for unhinged trainwreck
through savings and my job i can pay to rent a room and i can pay for a phone and car insurance.
report: employers created 40,000 new jobs for existing employees last month
bush to lovely chilean ambassador:'i must paint you'
i mean, we have another dog.
i am no saint and am sure i have left dishes around or taken a few hours to get around to cleaning them but with that in mind i still don't know how to feel.
i waited since 8:15 am to go to my dentist appointment that was scheduled at 8:30 am.
basically, he said his problem was that it was inconvenient to him that we would ask him to be out of the house and that he found it mind blowing that we would think it was an acceptable request.
again she wouldn't and told me to just drive her home.
aita for being upset that all my friends are having sex with each other?
three years ago, our dog (then a puppy) was hit by a car and broke both hind legs and punctured a lung.
i have full benefits, pension, and a salary that increases every year.
man hates it when trailer gives away entire premise of movie
civil war historians posit 'you had to be there' theory
i instantly told my girlfriend this and she thankful believed me ( ex has in the past asked to get together with me) that it was false and her intention was to break us apart.
i got to b’s and turns out he was okay, just dead asleep.
man builds house he designed when he was eight years old
nation rallies around ronald mcdonald statue that embodies country's true heritage
i came back 30 minutes later asking why everyone got so mad.
disturbing fast food truth not exactly a game-changer for impoverished single mom of 3
'i'll have to obstruct one last thing,' whispers jared kushner before wrapping gloved hands around mueller's neck
i usually don’t even need a venmo request because i usually venmo him as soon as they tell us the amount of the monthly bill but i changed my number and they usually text me to tell me the balance and i haven’t updated my number because apparently i have to call and do that shit and i haven’t gotten around to it.
she’s gorgeous and wedding plans are going well.
i didn't throw a single punch, and realized it escalated too much.
nation not sure what signals it gave off to make candidates think it would be into them
we wandered around before the bidding, looking at items.
cancer walk goes under 15-straight miles of high tensile power lines
report: 70% of trump endorsements made after staring at bedroom ceiling for 4 hours
tokyo adds 100-story toadstool to skyline
i can't say i'm impressed.** **a) i asked you last weekend if i would see you this weekend.** **b) i followed up and asked about your possible mid-week vacation.** **c) i believe in equality.
i think my father understands it because i came down last time and told my point of view.
so her initial reaction was that the person at fault should pay (aka the friend who exaggerated her drunkenness) my friend realized how silly it was the next day.
area man urinating like it's the best thing ever to happen to him
i sent her a message saying that it was nice to see her, it looked like she was having fun.
it's just what she said.) * i paid for the flights and the hotels.
std had awesome time on spring break
adorable 23-year-old yelling about economic injustice must have just read howard zinn for first time
politician spots young female aide, and so it begins
unhappy couple staying together for one of their children
toddler really yanking on penis, report wincing sources
house of representatives magically switches bodies with senate
i think losing it was ultimately my fault.
i texted him today when he told me they were there and said 'let me know what it costs, i'll cover it' and he said no.
let's just say i think you could be a better friend.
i went and bought our tickets, let them choose and took the remaining one.
dad, for the entire two weeks, would call tommi “he” or “him”.
(i usually wait about 1 to 1.5 hrs for her to end work as she have to work overtime and i will take about 1 hr and 15 mins to send her home and another 1 hr and 15 mins to go back my house).
but i view smoking as nothing less of a sickness, and i'm a firm believer that if you can, you should help your loved ones, unless you take pleasure in seeing them suffer.
aita;i was calles "cis" by a member of the lgb community.
report: mueller investigation nearly done with first day of trump campaign
i’ve used this system a few times, telling them about how one week i couldn’t clean because i went home sick, one time when my grandmother was coming on saturday (both go home for the weekend but i thought i should let them know just incase), and once or twice to ask if they wanted any of the croissants my boyfriend regularly brings me.
she looked kinda sad and asked if i was leaving now and should she go.
i sent the picture with the caption "the difference is that nuns don't blow themselves up (not even mu own joke, i stole it from a meme i saw) so this went and flared up a huge argument between them and he was very offended.
tractor pulls now number-one use for u.s. tractors
satellite frantically trying to bounce signal to swearing man's phone
long post, so bear with me.
i am really not comfortable with this.
i told what happened to my friend and she said i was the worst kind of asshole.
at an event last week, which miriam was not attending, i spoke up something like "miriam needs to take a break, handle whatever's distracting her from work, and come back when she can do her job well." this was not received very well by others.
out-of-control scott walker injured after wildly careening between stances on immigration
i text bill and ask for an explanation, bill says i'm a shitty person, i should've just let it go, and i should've never talked shit about them behind their backs.
then the photo got a bit more risky when she sent a photo of her in a bra kind of pulling it down a bit.
study finds humans crave sweet foods because they're weak—they're weak and they're small
so i'm 17 in my senior year and im doing my colleges apps and all of that.
he wouldn’t tell me so i asked a female and she walked away.
since i had to grade it, i noticed this and told her that she needs to pay more attention in class.
i was mad that she broke up with me and didn't give me a reason so i texted her and asked why she was so happy after having just dumped me.
maybe i'll pour boiling water on her while she sleeps.
i tell her that if she wants to be a single mom, i'll give her whatever i can afford, but if she wants to stay with me, she will have to abort.
i was pretty pissed that he would threaten me about this so i said he is a little girl, and i don't fight little girls.
but then she'd open her mouth again, and you couldn't hardly listen to it.
so last week on thursday my son showed me a video recorded by someone in class showing the teacher making fun of my son ( stuff like: “not only a slow body but also a slow brain”..
man realizes he has no interests
tldr: made racist joke, am i asshole for saying racist joke and laughing at them?
while she was telling me that i was immature and should enjoy my 5 minute fame.
this feeling turned out to be correct.
the trip was barely spoiled by any of this and we did have a really great time together.
trump demands nato allies match u.s. commitment to prioritizing military spending over healthcare
for my birthday, my brother bought me tickets to see britney spears in las vegas, and paid for my portion of a hotel room (i was going with 3 friends).
aita for taking my turkey off the table??
empire state building reopens spire to visitors
no-makeup look easier to achieve than elle claims
cell-phone user promises girlfriend, entire post office he'll try to change
rudy giuliani adds more planes, towers with each subsequent retelling of 9/11
especially when they too have their own standards and "preferences" but i'm not "allowed" to get turned-off by lesbians.
this all pissed her off so she tried to walk five miles home with a leg injury she sustained from idfk.
east st. louis rated number-one city in america by 'poverty magazine'
anyway he flipped out on me and got really pissed at me, and called me “selfish” and this and that, because all i cared about was myself.
poll finds 68% of iowans turned on by knowledge whole nation watching
she hates any kind of sport.
aita for uninviting my son and granddaughter to thanksgiving dinner because he couldn't commit to arriving by a certain time?
it's immoral to sell your organs because people need those organs.
george zimmerman's attorney opens second day of trial with trayvon martin impression
dad finally found in front of tvs at sears
impoverished kenyan bean picker can't wait to see what starbucks has to say about racial sensitivity
public outraged as price of fast-depleting, non-renewable resource skyrockets
ok so my friend is really careful with her phone.
i don't think any of the models were over the age of 24.
she goes to another local high school, has about 1500 followers but is following double that number.
aita for wanting a reaction for a donation
her bf isn't home so we just chill.
like i said ,i love her and have never met anyone i get along with so well.
&#x200b; am i the asshole aita for not wanting to be involved in raising a child from a one night stand
she does not make my roster.
if she had kids or i just left it laying around or under my pillow, i'd get it, but...
new co-op airline offers cheaper fares if you help fly the plane
gwyneth paltrow reveals secret to her healthy, radiant skin eating 20 pounds of kielbasa a day
i have a girlfriend who is nice but i feel i missed out on a lot of socializing when i was a kid.
aita for punching my dad in the shoulder?
i really don't want to be the asshole at the happiest place on earth but if i am i need to know.
what i didn’t realize was that my ex actually follows my fiancée on instagram (why, i do not know!) and so she saw the ring.
but that is a small worry in comparison to potential fertility issues.
researchers discover details smaller than minutiae
edit 2: i also forgot to mention he had the ability to downgrade our services to just internet for 50 dollars per month or allow us to shut it off and simply do his course work at the library or the academic building holding his class where the internet is free.
community garden sprouts first condom wrapper of spring
she’s completely her duties in their entirety only once.
to start, i live with 3 other people.
i also said “zara this is mental”.
so, im not gonna cheat on anyone but like..
i lost contact with friends i have had for years, since they had gotten an image of me being a person that i really don't want to associate with, and fortunately have grown past.
i start think about what happened right after the break up and i remember a being really close with me and being very touchy, nothing gross, just physical contact.
i think i kind of believed that too at the time.
little butterball holding up ice cream line
house haunted by elks club members
at first, i started just holding her down but then it became more physical.
britain plummets to lowest value in world since 1580s
but my dad kept going, even going as far as to mimic her tendency to apologize frequently.
report: what's a pretty lady like you doing around an article like this?
i want them to know it, because i don't know how long i can boil my emotions without having a breakdown.
russian government finishes euthanizing thousands of stray journalists for world cup
calculus problem hits too close to home
'watermelon capital of world' claim goes unchallenged
my internal reaction was "yeah that's how the game is played." to my surprise several other players agreed with him.
i’m not sure what to do.
but he has not been looking for a replacement.
stomach sets aside synthetic additives until it has a few minutes to figure out how to digest them
nation allows itself 5 minutes to believe this all going to be over soon
her friend tiffany went to my ear and told to me : - "go on, she likes you.
friend who's into politics makes you feel stupid again
activity made up to sell athletic shoes
raccoon crushed to death by garbage truck hits jackpot with reincarnation
in that moment she thinks i only like her for her body.
cnn investigating reports of wolf blitzer's highly proper sexual conduct
tl;dr: actually, either read the whole thing or don't answer.
she says had i let her say bye, her friends would have stopped it.
i've been dating a doctor for eight months.
report: modern-day pablo escobar smuggles one-hitter into music festival
child baffled by stationary, non-violent images
we didn’t know what had happened to it.
i'm starting to wonder if i was in the wrong though, with distance from the issue.
supreme court votes 7-2 to legalize all worldly vices
it's not like i was calling on the first bark or anything.
retarded child gets new video game right before every dinner party
jerry falwell: is that guy a dick or what?
equestrian instinctively feels deep, meaningless connection with horse
wibta for trying to make up with a person that probably doesn't wanna see me?
anyways, i am looking for other options for storage, and hopefully i'll figure it out soon.
america gets set to enjoy month or so of libya seeming like symbol of freedom
area man could have sworn randy newman sang welcome back, kotter theme
outside, i noticed tissues were in the recycling bin now too.
man annoyed at being mistaken for employee just because he driving forklift through store
newborn constantly terrorized by horrifying shapeless blobs
lightning bolt blasts washington monument as mike pence, pete buttigieg locked in battle of prayers on national mall
study finds all-consuming self-pity best way to win back ex-partner
apparently they found coke or heroine in one of the bathrooms which was surprising because my school is known for pot because the school is kinda hippy and preppy in the way where you shouldn't find coke or heroine.
aita for being angry at my parents for not rejecting me because of previous actions, despite me seeking help for my mental issues?
nation not sure how many ex-trump staffers it can safely reabsorb
to which i replied “yeah, but then your husband passes away first and suddenly you’re on top of his funeral pyre.” she asked what i meant by that and i awkwardly had to explain a joke that in hindsight is in bad taste.
hang-glider gang terrorizes elderly hot-air-ballooning couple
i may have gone into a little too much detail, but i'd rather give more than less so everything is clear.
frantic, last-second study finds old-fashioned donut better for you than bavarian cream
she was still the same nice girls, still almost as affectionate as she was before.
park rangers lance old faithful in effort to pop clogged, inflamed geyser
critics accuse joe biden of running for president for political reasons
sarah huckabee sanders unable to answer any questions about administration after signing non-disclosure agreement
she was livid that i gave her eggs with 5 missing and the opened gallon of milk, and walked away from my door saying some pretty nasty things.
to preface, i am not black, however i grew up around black people that used the n word in the current re appropriated way.
study: average person's life plan can only withstand 25 seconds of direct questioning
we didnt have any other plans that night.
study suggests onion social notifications 300 times more satisfying to receive than facebook notifications
aita for wanting to leave my girlfriend and pursue a new life overseas?
chris penn's body double really letting self go
"next time, if i cook anything, how about you leave it for me to eat?
bend in road not sharp enough to merit so many roadside memorials
i feel like there isn't anything i can say that she would feel makes up for it.
my brother was in the same room i was in playing fortnite and i couldn't sleep due to the clicking sound from his controller and him talking to his friends in the game.
i have a feeling that i am being the asshole here, but judge away.
poor attendance at intervention a real wake-up call
secluded cabin in woods filled with big plans for america
spider eggs hatch in bush's brain
report: texting while driving okay if you look up every couple seconds
(he has an iphone 6s with no applecare) wibta if i asked him to pay half as phone glass repairs can be very expensive and he should have had a screen protector anyway?
also, is my justification of my actions an example of manipulation, or is it simply a legitimate way of thinking about a situation in which i was not quite at fault?
as of about two months ago, he started mowing it early in the morning again and keeping me wide awake for an extra 2 hours.
pretty out of character for him and i feel like i really hurt him but i'm not sure i'm can honestly admit that a rain dance isnt just another old superstition like blessing a house or people who call psychic hotlines.
my father died right before new years.
cost-cutting measures force company to start hiring more female employees
which i kind of regret, because she latter used my apology as more validation that everything she does is ok.
captain kirk's life flashes before dying trekkie's eyes
the argument devolves into her saying i dont buy anything for the house and she has to cover everything, now we’re both mad at each other.
wibta if i call out a kid for excessively aggressive gameplay on someone who doesn't consent to it when i play against him again in the future?
he then goes on to complain about how "entitled" i am because of the noise i make.
backup health care plan involves nation sharing one big jar of ointment
obama returns from india with these gross candies for everyone
wibta for trying to apologize to someone who might not want to hear it?
my dad then goes into the garage to do something which i do not know.
billy joel has billy joel's disease
i can convince dh to go but i'm having second thoughts now.
we offered some ideas that if she wants to have a coed party, she should not force the games/present opening on the men and have craft beers and cigars for them.
and so i just skipped over it.
i said to him not even realizing somewhere along the lines of "no dumbass she cant get them or have kids!" i realized my mistake after i looked at my phone and she looked pissed and immediately hung up.
i tell her she has no right to speak on my behalf and she tells me she is my manager despite the fact she is my coworker and works there part time.
without me, again because of my work schedule.
domino's surprises customer with nice steak dinner
buttons just don't disappear, reports woman on hands and knees
i walked past a hookah bar that had tables in front, and a table of people had a big hookah going next to it on the sidewalk.
uber driver wants you to know that lots of mexicans live in this neighborhood
slightest amount of physical contact apologized for
ultimately we tried to help her but by the time we realized the problem it was too late, so almost none of her work actually made it into the final program.
she left it unread for a few days, then read it but never responded.
that made me kinda realize that wow am i being played again?
the wedding is adults only, no kids allowed.
house votes against trump's national emergency on grounds that only congress allowed to misappropriate funds
she didn't respond, but her friends did and they were shipping us together, all's good right?
entertainment-history buffs re-enact battle of the network stars
&#x200b; whilst at my friend's party, i stumbled upon my ex.
teen study bible found to increase fun of religion by .03%
black man given nation's worst job
**so reddit, am i the asshole?** tldr (section the info correlates to posted in brackets): > 3 roommates, all of us have asd.
old lady at parade flapping little american flag like a motherfucker
aita for spiking my sisters drink?
my dad was someone that she sat down and ate dinner with.
what do you think and where to from here?
little league coach reveals creepy method for breaking in baseball mitt
like, i'm talking taking a gigantic, hardcover textbook and slamming it down on the table so everything was shaking.
i was clearly mistaken, my sister said 'its not hard to get a $5 gift", and shes right, i did get a post card from china that was 5$ but i'm planning to get them something good under $30 from the liquor store, a thank you card and a gift card today.
there's also some trouble with my friends and justin because some of my friends call him names like chink,ching-chong,etc.(my boyfriend is asian) that brings me to my current situation.
everything you worked so hard for lying in splinters at your feet
driving instructor has own gas pedal in case student total pussy
horrified nation wakes up on cyber monday to find amazon echo devices embedded beneath skin
disney world forced to euthanize character that attacked visitor
i only recently learned that there was a word for that (kosmemophobia), so it was a little hard to put that disgust into rational words before - it still is.
if i'm not the asshole, how can i help my bf better understand?
newt gingrich: 'it's an honor to address a crowd that shares my utterly bizarre and unhealthy obsession with hillary clinton'
my work hired a new guy and he's transgender and like not even 2 hours after finally going to work he gave a presentation about his pronouns how we should all use them.
gm announces money saved from layoffs to fund massive investment in lake homes, private jets
police continue search for missing gunman
on the way to my car, i called the kid that i was driving home, told him about how far i was from my car, and asked if he was outside yet.
i've been dating her about 5 months.
he was visibly upset, and he asked me if i could wait until he was out of the apartment to start dating.
nobody in ukraine notices absence of government
basically, she stands around telling me how to cook certain things and i find it quite annoying, especially because i need to cook multiple things before the other guests arrive, and i really don't need the added stress.
conair releases new double-sided curling iron for flawless burns
'follow your instructions, this is all part of the plan,' hisses richard nixon tattoo protruding from roger stone's back
i think "fuck it, i'm making a move".
bee practically blows its load after seeing purple coneflower in full bloom
god seeking to crack down on souls smuggling drugs into heaven
grandmother can't believe they let people with tattoos on price is right
so i refused to pull over, and told her to just wait until we got home.
but that doesn’t solve my problem of needing one by tonight.
from the beginning, clearly, because of the circumstances under which we met.
i assumed i would be her maid of honor since two years ago she was the maid of honor in my wedding.
congress repairs to parlor to hear rep. carolyn maloney play the recorder
i am a serial dater that has been either in a relationship or on dating apps like tinder and okc for pretty much my entire (if brief) adult life.
i'm not unrealistic about my looks, i know i'm not a supermodel.
my friend b texted me last night at about 8pm asking me if i knew anyone who was doing lifts, because her mum was too drunk to pick her up from work.
group of '90s footnotes welcomes gingrich home
area man sends message to 3,600 friends asking what they're up to tonight
disney begins uploading obama's consciousness to hall of presidents robot
gf explained that the tickets were at reasonable price only for a 7 day period and that getting a hotel in the city is super expensive (which is the case).
we even tried to have sex and i had to stop halfway through because i was seeing spots and my ears were ringing.
'game of thrones' actors reveal reading script for zombie battle and realizing they wasted careers
before leaving, i gave a a heads up and i was met with a shitty face.
walgreens to begin keeping most valuable employees behind glass
we were with ten people total and while we were eating me and two other guys just looked online where we could go last minute.
we ended up dating for almost a year and had a really passionate relationship, and i would wager to say that me and patrick were a lot closer than henry and patrick ever were.
chicago's shedd aquarium admits panda exhibit a ghastly mistake
jim morrison stares creepily out of apartment window
area man carefully weighs one side of argument
side note: a few months ago i started asking him about his resume and he would immediately change the subject.
poll shows majority of americans can't blame congress for the shutdown, not with those adorable faces they can't
&#x200b; aita for getting annoyed with parents who drive their kids to affluent neighbors on halloween?
aita for sleeping at my guy friend's house even though my boyfriend doesn't want me to?
i moved 4000 kilometers away a few months ago.
she took them out on a treat too (tim hortons cause everyone was trying to save money lol).
i'm not sure if it constitutes flirting and where the line is, so read on and let me know.
eric trump scolds father that he mustn't inquire about the businesses, for he's sworn not to tell
**customer** it happened again order xxxxxxx-xxxxxx **walmart bot** before we get started, please provide your walmart.com account email address.
man excited to give visiting friends the real fort wayne experience
ghostwriter taking a few creative liberties with paul reiser's life
blizzard is not beholden to anybody except their stockholders and there’s probably plenty of people who would be very happy with a microtranscationy mobile game, so why is this such a big, tear-out-your-hair, death-threats-to developers issue?
obama deeply concerned after syrians gassed to death on white house lawn
i only want someone who's going to desire _me_ and think of _me_ as being masculine and straight, because i am.
struggling supreme court loses eighth consecutive case
we've been talking for 10 days now or so, and we are already planning to start dating once she moves out her.
sperm can't remember why it came into womb
during all this females in my year start calling me sexist, racist, a pig, nazi, horrible person, telling me to delete socials etc.
my aunt was married to a soldier in the army.
conductor fatigue blamed in massive model train crash
she was playing golf with friends, with really loud music blaring, making her almost unintelligible.
area man puts on some nice pants for once in his life
salad rendered unhealthy in three steps
masters in writing fails to create master of writing
the following night i did the same thing and caused a huge argument "because of retaliation, not flaking".
i hate losing, you beat me in a monopoly game and i won't quit until i win.
jeff bezos' heart breaks a little reading albany's amazon headquarters pitch
anthropologists discover ancient greek super pac that helped shape first democracy
oxfam: 'your donation will help us protect impoverished girls from our employees'
i didn’t say anything to any because i feel like an asshole.
july of this year, i finally moved out on my own.
dad recommends hotel 10 miles away from city you're visiting
so, my sister pulled a prank on me as kind of a retaliation for a prank i pulled on her.
however it became a big issue and a long text battle with her basically telling me i’m a shitty parent.
john kelly suspects jared kushner of being illegal immigrant after observing he has no skills
i tried to make a move while semi drunk before this, but that didn’t lead to anything.
his dating history is littered with young women he emotionally abused in some way or the other.
the thinkable happens to local man
scott pruitt accused of bribing fifa referee within 10 minutes of u.s. world cup announcement
but before that my mum was always the 'carer' of my two parents.
house conservatives introduce resolution to impale rod rosenstein
i mean, bonus question: is she not requesting help?
aita for calling out my principal?
they aren't doing anything for free and they are even charging donor's families for the harvesting of their dead children's organs and also for the failed life saving care.
so this is something that's been nagging at me for a while.
frugal couple saves money by making own porn
i countered with the fact, that her sister is a grown woman, and would've had to call an uber anyway if we hadn't shown up.
so this year i told him for my birthday i want sex everyday for a month.
now, heres the problem-- sometimes he tinkers ans its really loud and annoying.
am i the a hole for saying ill be cool about it, and then hella blowing up?
it's taken a serious toll on me as we both work a lot so we don't get to spend a whole lot of time together during the weekdays.
sprint's new long-distance relationship plan offers decreased minutes each month
seattle's space needle blasts off after collecting enough rain for home planet
he said he would let me know.
management consultant to consult with management
realized i got baited for a vulgarity report.
- sent a message to bill "you ditched me for a mexican and a wannabe fuckboi?".
he cheated on me when we first met.
white house press secretary responds to question about rising obamacare premiums with torrent of toxic spray from parotid glands
well the car that hit me was almost brand new and was totaled.
they have been practicing and have gotten close to getting their license, but i have the been the driver our entire relationship.
i explained to my partner what was happening.
kids in bus accident mocked by kids in passing bus
so i started to use my windshield wiper fluid to splash them with water.
yesterday i caught him smoking and am considering breaking up with him.
kerry takes frustration out on lobster
but am i really the asshole in this situation, or should she have been more considerate?
but no, i'm not attracted to those types of non-heterosexual women, even if they think of me as being feminine enough to try to hit on and be with.
on the other i understand that in the past i’ve failed her to some degree and that relationship is now gone and i have to start again.
i think mom should have at least told me in advance, but i don’t know whether i had the right not to let laura stay, so i thought it would be helpful to see what people think.
cops bust filthy, unshaven mark zuckerberg for selling personal data on street corner
tell me you don't like me.
as you could guess, they leave quite a stench when i get home, pop them off, and relax.
kindergartener's account of day at school passionate, incomprehensible
now when i was coming home (usually the first one back) i realized the door was unlocked.
every one of man's priorities unrecognizable to grandfather
my oldest cousin says he's sorry and that he can't change our plans to accommodate him.
i am an 18 year old freshman in college and i am an avid d&d player.
she says she's okay with it and i should do what i want, but i can't help but feel guilty about it, and want to change the design.
chinese factory workers fear they may never be replaced with machines
i kinda upset her one time when we were getting intimate because i made a comment about how her butt has changed and how it’s basically not even a pancake at this point–more of a crepe ass if anything.
a girl sitting behind me was holding scissors and somebody informed me that she had cut my hair.
after a while she admitted to me that the reason she is so frugal is because she grew up very poor and does not have a safety net.
luke, owen wilson recall meeting on set of 'the royal tenenbaums'
aitah for kicking my husband out of the house after catching him performing oral sex on hiself?
and normally that would be awesome, but i'm scared that she's not ready for it and that she'll find someone better than me because i have severe separation anxiety and self esteem issues.
this would happen everyday in school, and it got to the point where i didn’t want to go to school because of her and everyone would laugh at me because her jokes were funny.
isis operatives destroy hofner bass guitar signed by paul mccartney
oil prices soar like noble eagle
she said that she could see from the way i had come back that i had not, to paraphrase, handled the situation properly.
to retaliate i drowned her makeup in piss and shit.
so if you feel like i have to allow her to punk me or face being an asshole i'm completely comfortable with that.
after we landed in new delhi, i realized i couldn't find my passport.
hi all, a little backstory; we are both 18, her family are quite close knit and share home-cooked family meals every night.
or is my family just babying her?
anonymous source: 'i'm a cowardly snitch'
not sure if this matters...but there is one more layer or two to this which makes it a little more frustrating for me.
she doesn't want any communication with me.
rural working-class archbishops come out in droves to welcome trump to vatican
paroled prisoner excited to hear the '80s are back
do you think i did the wrong thing by taking it back after it had already been a year?
'what's our best path to 270?' gary johnson asks campaign aides packing up office
hi reddit, this happened yesterday and i am not sure if i am the asshole or just overprotective.
honestly, my ex moved like two states away after we broke up.
kinko's patron pulls the old copy-key switcheroo
international men’s day comes along and the teacher does nothing about it, we just have a normal lesson studying a book, so with 5 mins till end of lesson i make a big deal of it.
it wasn't a very serious relationship.
so in class we have some classes that end up with us doing nothing except talk, and we were having such a class recently, when we started talking about the gucci scarf someone was wearing.
it was just because i noticed she had fuller thighs and it gave her a nice shape.
i go to carve up a turkey my family had blessed me with for the holidays.
i think nothing of it till the next morning when my phone is blowing up.
i tried talking to her about how it bothers me that she's away at night and all she really had to say was that she's upset with me because it shouldn't be a big deal.
we're both set to help at some after school thing.
ap reporter in gaza needs another term for 'blood-soaked'
i didn’t even get her jack shit.
so i park my car in front of the guests gate anticipating to get in a few seconds behind one of them.
man who hasn't moved in six hours repeatedly welcomed back by tv
without the ram sticks, her pc won't even start, which would pretty much kill her relationship with her new boyfriend.
coworker with fluorescent bike vest treats office to futuristic light show on way to desk
i was told they could only give me one or the other since they are equal value.
i had to do things on my own.
report: shopoholism may have killed the shoposauruses
then my friend asked us if we were exclusive, and i said that i personally thought we were, and she....
resourceful man able to cobble together bad mood from handful of minor annoyances
the other day she messed me and wanted me to come over after school, so i did.
wibta if i broke up with him?
he did not know about me and sarah's relationship so i do not put any of the blame on him.
we came with to an agreement that i'm going to look into how much it would cost to store the gun at the local range.
seasonal depression to take over for chronic depression for a few months
presumable to cheat during their exams.
evidence piling up mom slept with one of her college professors
it was tough for a while and we both were stressed and this was around the time of the affair (not making excuses for myself, just context to explain why i would be so fucking shortsighted and why i was drinking).
our school literally has ramps that go up between floors.
local man's body a really big temple
after our blowout, him punching the tv and each of us yelling at each other, the next day he acted like nothing happened.
sorry!" her response took me off guard "well that's just great.
wedding strains relationship to breaking point
'aha!' shouts devin nunes pulling back shower curtain in hopes of revealing hidden fbi agent
aita for sleeping with my ex-roommates fuck boy
he ran to the kitchen, and i ran back to the room past him.
study finds backing down in fight with loved one extremely harmful to relationship
she was always on my mind.
glimpse of father's toenails offers boy petrifying vision of future
it pretty obvious what friend will look like old
aita for making jokes that "went too far"?
they ended up making up and all was good, we all had a few drinks and were chilling.
bath & body works scientists destroy experimental scent unfit for mankind
trump says wasteful nea hasn't produced single valuable work since claes oldenburg's 'giant three-way plug'
my wife (k) and i are both professionals working in a big city.
unpopular student ridiculed mercilessly in teacher's lounge
our mutual friend portrayed it like she definitely wanted to get back to him, which turned out not to be true.
25-year-old goes on raucous immunization binge on night before losing parents' health insurance
i feel b had some pretty absurd commands.
monopoly player insists on being wheelbarrow
my teacher made this announcement in class stating that it was her who told allison to stop sharing notes and that was my first signal that everything wasn't as hunky dory as i expected.
46-year-old spinster dies surrounded by cats
and of course the money issue as well, i am staying home with our son right now and smoking is an expensive habit.
i'm extremely unlikely to be fired from any of these jobs for taking a certain amount of time off on short notice, but the longer i take off, the greater the impact on the job itself as well as others relying on me being present.
so initially we got into a left turn lane, but they wanted to go straight so i check my mirrors and saw no cars coming so i signal and make an attempt to merge on to the right lane.
sorry this is a bit late.
&#x200b; another example is when i had another artist over, where i've been planning on having them come over for weeks in advance to make music on a friday evening.
plan was to just drive off real fast without a seatbelt.
new pre-sauced napkins can be thrown away straight from package
i agree they are dangerous, but they are also fun to shoot which is why i want one.
he even said that "i can't even remember who my own girlfriend is" and accused me of cheating on her.
man who will pay $60,000 in medical bills this year can't afford health insurance right now
this was around 7pm and she arrived around 8:30...in a wheelchair.
if i would've known sooner i would've suggested an abortion or something.
this led to me not even trying to respond if he does it, with my dual logic being that it also might teach him to be a bit more serious.
aita for hating the way my friend acts?
town hall audience member asks clinton to quickly pivot away from his question and then state her platform
embarrassed alexandria ocasio-cortez can only afford american flag pin with 19 stars
clinton 'glad to be back in civilization again'
so, i (f, 22) have been in a relationship with my boyfriend (23) for three and a half years now.
kevin hart just going to assume he's in 'space jam 2' unless he hears otherwise
my problem with that is she slept with me again so soon after a year break.
i think she's pretty, but i'm not sexually attracted to her if that makes sense.
ira, hamas sweep 1990 bombie awards
he's really nervous all the time so i think that is adding to this issue.
she is nice, cooks well and tries to help me, but there are times when our views clash or she annoys me.
report: strongest human relationships emerge from bashing friend who couldn't make it out
for context, it’s four straight guys - all fairly liberal and got no problems lgbtq (including myself).
wounded marine: friendly-fire bullets hurt that much more
report: takeout place put burrito in completely different container this time
now, i’ve never been a parent, so i don’t know where the balance between instilling self-confidence and promoting ruthless, unwavering hubris lies.
after 40-day search, authorities finally replace missing boy
she isn't lazy by any means, don't get me wrong, but i feel like her responsibilities are way easier than mine.
eating entire box of donuts not originally part of evening's plan
family revels in height difference between mother and tall son
bush urges iraqis to pass amendment banning gay marriage
they put their dogs in shock collars.
&#x200b; she is still with her boyfriend now, and i asked her not to contact me for a month if she doesn't want to move on from her boyfriend.
there was a point last month where she was round 9 days in a row.
impressive new honda inspires john mellencamp to write song about japan
grizzled proofreader has seen it written both ways
"hey maybe (cat) can live with your parents when we move in together." (they are in the same city as us.) "no.
pope francis hastily condemns capital punishment after vatican police announce new evidence found in 2014 stabbing
right now i'm on a break from work and we've been spending a majority of the day together but i'm still upset that she's choosing to be there instead of spending the night with me.
but that was actually a lie.
report: saying 'smells okay' precedes 85% of foodborne illnesses annually
at this point i was pretty done with mike, and we didn’t go on any other dates but continued to hang out during school.
as a side note there is another party on the 29th that he’s already told me he is attending.
june mademoiselle to feature ten ways to flatten your tummy
stadium humors old man on stage, sings along to 'hey jude'
man's wife dies of cancer just like in the movies
annual 6-sentence conversation with cousin goes smoothly
the rent is 2-3 times higher here so i can't rent like i did at my previous school without pulling out a bunch of private student loans; i'm already 50k in debt and want to avoid privates as much as possible.
i am excited but i'm also really hurt by how he did it.
she immediately became upset and claimed that i was being racist and a bigot, and that i wasn't accepting of her ethnicity.
monster at end of book claims life of tv's grover
she asked mom for accommodation and apparently after rejecting mom’s offer to stay at her house outside of the city, mom offered her to stay in my apartment with me (she insisted she wanted to stay in the center of the city).
the police arrested me for criminal trespassing and breaking and entering.
i continued to live in the property with j for the next few months with no issues.
as for my daughter, she’s been fairly quiet today, which is unusual for her.
sun myung moon funeral to be all weird, sources report
hope that clears some questions up.
shooting suspect released after not breaking any arizona laws
they didn’t want my girlfriend to come.
disclaimer: i do not support any discrimination between races or support racist organizations, please don’t take it that way.
this is a big deal because i am a very antisocial and introvert person, and he is among the very few people who i feel really comfortable being myself with.
netanyahu announces day of mourning for fence damaged in yesterday's conflict
i was like ok so she has someone supervising her, thats good.
using phrases like “ this location is a bit inconvenient for me” and “ i hope you can make this work”.
i decided to treat myself the over night and ordered a pizza because i was pulling an nighter for a final.
it's not a "hey guys you were a bit loud last night, mind keeping it down?" it's a warning that he'll phone the council on us.
nation's younger cousins announce plans to cry at haunted houses this year
cool glitch effect on movie studio logo must mean shit about to go down
please note that everyone came to the consensus that the baby was an issue and was effecting everyone's enjoyment.
i know it's not really relevant, but for context his long term girlfriend lives reasonably close by and it's not unusual for him to stay with her.
he didn't and carried on his work.
nation surprised to realize it wants more john travolta
man returning from vacation settles on single concise anecdote he'll tell everyone who asks
when i saw her last night, she had removed the case, and the screen was destroyed, with little glass left around the home button.
the photos were very cartoonish and fake-looking, and i am having trouble believing that it would evoke such a response in her.
on the other hand, there are times where he can be tolerable.
grandma getting to point where she looks like every other grandma
i'm guessing the owner threw out food for all the dogs and he had to fight for his food.
the way they thought would make me understand is just awful.
he asked for me to be his best man which i obviously agreed to.
i’ll be first in row, stopped at a red light in a major intersection.
i took my friend to a movie and bought both of us tickets.
'fuck you,' obama says in hilarious correspondents' dinner speech
in the purest form of the game, it is a game of deception and psychological analysis.
i was dead wrong on that.
no one really believed that idea and it became kind of an inside joke.
cigarette tax hike to pay for iraq war
so now that i think about it, aita?
wheelchair basketball game enjoyed for all the wrong reasons
republicans outraged by inaccuracies in metallica documentary
government squandering social security funds on cake
netflix receives 10 emmy nominations for season 4 of 'wings'
'apex legends' players finally getting good enough to make game impossible for average people to enjoy
she blows all her money on clothes and paintings.
move to houseboat regretted by third day
mom holds knife to throat of dinner guest who offered to help with dishes
except for this, she's a great mom, also great at finding excuses.
i usually drive left lane, about 10mph above speed limit on highways (just enough not to get pulled over).
i am dutch (this way of paying for dinners is normal in the netherlands) and shared a dinner with two french friends.
toddler shits her way through 3rd halloween costume of night
and i really the worst one in this situation?
new kfc employee takes 'fry-q' test in employee manual
catchphrase from 'the love guru' overheard
eventually i mentioned to her that i had a great time, but had church early in the morning and had to head home.
'i must make sure you have the skills to please my grandson,' says queen elizabeth disrobing before meghan markle
but, i’m pretty sure they’ve blocked me long ago.
bird reflects on frailty, impermanence of life after finding dead human on sidewalk
in washington state if that’s relevant.
they wanted to drop him.off so that i could take him home so i told them the address of the venue and they came around and dropped him off about a block away.
doctor has troubling amount of available appointment slots
i thought she had actually liked me there for a second, though i don't _think_ i came off effeminate to her.
i’m a person with typically no drama in my life so this whole situation was an out of this world experience for me.
in the end i got a title xi complaint from the university and was scared shitless but i would still do it all over again, there was no contact following the sent pictures and a thank you from the guy.
aita for calling out a trans person on being overly sensitive?
&#x200b; aita for asking a new co-worker not to bring in his cultural food ?
former high-school bully pulls you over for speeding
study: more couples delaying divorce until kids old enough to remember every painful detail
i still eat the food provided by everyone, so i still feel guilty about it.
edit3: now getting comments from strangers saying they are glad me and my wife (who is now reading these) can't have kids.
i did know i wanted to tell alex the truth, but i didn't call him specifically to tell him the situation.
gerber: feeding formula to baby helps infant bond with parent corporation
after we returned back to the city that him and i live in, he informs me they are still "talking".
as i mentioned earlier his friends are into drug abuse.
but the damage was already done and she had already told my girlfriend.
this worked very well for the first 3-4 weeks (or so i thought) and i was blissfully going through class thinking all was right with the world.
report: more television viewers becoming desensitized to drama
after about 4 hours in she said i could leave a bit early if i want.
bounty, brawny ceos wearing down patience of mutual friend
cbs picks up nbc nightly news
i was so upset, but i never once showed it to the waitress.
but there had never really been strife between my boyfriend and my uni friends, apart from the occasional drunken spat with max which was made up for later - and that doesn't explain the unanimous vote against.
so i was on instagram, randomly browsing to get sleep, when i realized a post of hers, saying something on the like "i'm really happy to you being inside me, my princess" or something like that.
i obviously don't say that to him cos that would be pretty rude, this is the first time i've ever remarked on his disability pay as far as i recall.
jared kushner forced to follow along with ivanka's classified documents during meetings
mitt romney reaches out to young voters with laser tag pizza party
about a week before christmas she calls me and wants me to help her shop for this family she has adopted.
and i kind of feel like a dick for my shenanigans.
wealthy, famous individual described as 'totally down-to-earth' by thousands of acquaintances, all of whom are lying
sweating cornnuts vp stammers way through pitch for 'nutsarito' at taco bell
i’ve heard people mumble “gross” when i do this.
but, this is really eating me up on the inside.
college professor reminds students it will take a few classes to memorize everyone's triggers
air traffic controller likes pattern he has going
i recently moved into my own apartment because of his anger/control issues, but agreed to try to work through this with him while he works on his mental health.
sun thought pasty fuck learned his lesson last summer
even if i put on something most people think is awful i can get away with it.
art world relieved as thieves steal pretty terrible late period renoir work
masterpiece cakeshop case declared mistrial after clarence thomas tampers with evidence
david lee roth might as well jump
aita for not hiring a potential nanny for my baby after finding out he’s a man?
with regard to 2), it's possible that her travel schedule will normalize after this project is over, but that's what she told me in 2015 - 16 as well, and here we are in the present.
new dating site matches users with partners they deserve
aita for not talking to a friend for 3 months?
car bomber given shittiest possible car
around 4 years ago i deleted a bunch of friends off of facebook without explanation.
i immediately said that i would be sleeping in k's bed, since she's my fiancee.
nation just goes ahead and decides 'freedom prevails over hate' is lesson of 9/11
although she's very eager for me to give her grandchildren, she really doesn't want black grandbabies (her words).
i fell asleep, or so she thought, and she kept texting while gigling excitedly for hours.
i don't think this is fair for a number of reasons, the biggest being that i'm not a mind reader and wouldn't know anything about her finances because she expressly told me her medical bills were none of my business.
i had a second tv i brought with me, a smaller one, like 22 inches.
what particularly surprised me was that they *unanimously* were against him coming.
biologists unveil new taxonomic system classifying species by hotness
after that next time, i'll be in houston will be late march/ early april.
chechen infant lulled to sleep by distant rumbling
speed stick now available in neapolitan
my problem is that *i* know why i'm there.
i was raised to believe abortion is wrong, although i did consider it anyway.
he became very dependent on the family and for the most part they seemed very happy.
she put her entire pay from this job into payments for that car.
yacht name conveys owner's easygoing lifestyle
i make good money and i would definitely make sure my kids are getting enough money for everything.
aita broke up with my boyfriend of 5 years.
things were going well for a few weeks we did catch her out in a few lies but didn't make to much of an issue of it.
family kind of concerned at how fast dad ate father's day gift
fish species not seen since 1960s thinks it can waltz back into marine biologist's life just like that
glandular problem forces man to eat fifth helping
male substitute teacher with ponytail cloaked in mystery
&#x200b; tldr: i didn't go to my aunt's wedding this weekend, even though she took care of infant me for five months.
kris kristofferson pretty sure he's going on after some guy named lord
out-of-control angel kills dozens of bystanders at vatican air show
aita i didn’t interfere when my brother “oopsed” my sister in law pregnant on purpose
aita when all my friends are okay with these jokes and so are the people they are in a relationship with.
i am saddened by his actions, but i would like to know if what he did was the right thing, to destroy my things, and if in here that i am the asshole and i should change since i brought it on myself, or he is aita for getting my things destroyed?
aita for sitting on my neice?
i was on the phone for 3 hours of a 10 hour bus trip
michelle obama can still hear their little labored breaths when she closes her eyes
study finds first life forms migrated to earth via interplanetary land bridge
it's safe to assume that he didn't have all the time in the world to wait for an irresponsible driver.
republicans' 'diversity through imported africans' plan criticized
despite the hecticness, i haven't missed a day seeing our daughter in the nicu, and on most days spend at least 3 hours there, and up to 6-7 hours on the days where i don't have work.
god shoots himself while cleaning gun
now i want to preface this by saying that i'm in this class to get experience and education for a proper job while i work my way to med school.
new x-men film features bryan singer traveling back in time to molest younger self
aita for thinking my boyfriend is rude for not planning a good new years
sole remaining lung filled with rich, satisfying flavor
but because they're, well, grandparents and haven't been parenting for a while now, much less taking care of a newborn, they asked for help to my aunt.
later, i'm in a room with exec and volunteer just chilling.
united airlines offering immigrants special flights that circle u.s. awaiting gaps in travel ban
also, i want to add that i know he’s a separate person apart from his family.
'i can't do this again,' shaking, sweating donald trump says after nervously vomiting before rally
area man switches to backup lie
i was not 100% open about feeling depressed at this point, because hey guess what, baring your soul is really difficult.
netflix town criers announce arrival of 'mad men' season 6 on streaming
eventually i got so angry that i went home, and eventually fell asleep, and when i wanted more details the next day, nobody would tell me anything, so i'm pretending to not remember anything, since they obviously were afraid of my reaction.
worried for me, she called campus police and they took me to a crisis center overnight.
i think that context matters when a joke is told.
they were both sent to their room.
i don't have a visit scheduled and i am watching the cable right now.
then i found out he is still regularly hanging out with pablo.
luckily i had some friends to back me up.
i can appreciate that it's a cultural practice and may have significance there but it is empirically ineffective.
first, let me preface this question by saying my dating situation.
wibta if i refused to play translator for a holiday i'm taking with friends?
&#x200b; so i was very frustrated because i really couldn't understand why they were both so upset.
he is like an acquaintance to me, and whenever they get together i immediately notice theres a change in her demeanor, she acts much happier with me.
'the office' ends as documentary crew gets all the footage it needs
my first intuition is that i have to do well on my part, as well as to derail her to have a shot at the job offer.
grandma happy to babysit while couple desperately attempts to rekindle relationship
i'll try to keep it to the point.
today alone, i managed to post more than 30 articles, to which now they have increased their spam filter to avoid these posts.
conservation program helps struggling rhinos adapt to modern ecosystem by retraining them as urban scavengers
woman in coffee shop judges a record 147 people
threat level downgraded as insect revealed to be ladybug
classmates.com employees don't have heart to tell ceo about facebook
she says that his mother, my aunt, is stressed out and suffering from various health problems because of her new daughter-in-law and granddaughter (cousin + new wife's baby).
pepsico marketing mix-up results in $300 million lemon-lime doritos campaign
when he came back i found out, it really hurt me but i pretended to be fine.
aita for stopping all communication with my ex-best friend?
wallace shawn emerges as frontrunner to replace daniel craig as james bond
ticketed motorist pointing finger just the green light cop needed
the cat was in the garage the hole time.
crazed, froth-mouthed mother demands grandchildren now
trump planning to throw lie about immigrant crime rate out there early in debate to gauge how much he can get away with
[here is full argument with identifying things redacted]( honestly i'm kind of baffled at what the problem is.
i believe i was right to stand up to say he should play with the one guy and that i have a right to not be force into a lying for someone who wouldn't do the same for me.
she said that it wasn't my business, and honestly i wouldn't have pushed so hard if it were with someone that i didn't have so much history with.
she didn’t want to hear my side and it ended in an argument about how i “make it about me.” i can understand how i could have put my feelings aside, but in the moment after hearing a “no” again, i was a bit distraught.
i’ve been struggling, for lack of a better word, with this sentiment that is inside of me.
it seems to us that our request was totally reasonable, and that our roommate was basically banking on all of us footing the bill for him to sit around over break.
i've always been completely against any type of procedure that changes your appearance.
cat dead set on finding way into mirror
i replied “its just a chair.
ham glazed to dangerously delicious levels
hallmark debuts 1-square-inch father's day card with no room for writing anything
anyways, i ended up threatening to call the cops if he didn’t leave and he eventually did.
no way--his waste goes back over our fence line onto his property.
new study finds unplanned pregnancies continuing to decline in bruce springsteen lyrics
johnson & johnson hoping brand won't be tarnished if they dip into lethal injection game
man has eaten last 75 meals out of container or carton
but over the last 7-8 months that they’ve been dating, my other close friend and i have only seen fred like 8 times (all of us live no more than 15 minutes apart from each other), and most of those times are for scheduled events, like weddings or parties that mutual friends have thrown.
she called me manipulative and a hypocrite for telling her about her girlfriends toxic behaviour to me and told me that i shouldn't talk to her ever again.
dry, flavorless cupcake disappointing to last bite
also, she knows i have her fb login.
you are right, i dont control her body at all, however i agree with one user about entering a committed relationship and so does she.
anyway, i go to make another cup and she gets up and spills the salt on purpose and at this point, i was angry.
i denied this but in retrospect he was a genius since the symptoms disappeared after i dumped her a few months later.
my friend tries to bargain with me saying it wouldn't be a problem, but i still refused.
north korea returns to normalcy with synchronized disco jump-rope gala
i’ve tried my hardest to make sure there’s a platform for them, but when shit hits the fan i tend to get things done.
i've been engaged to my fiance for about two months, and before that we dated for six months, so we've been together a total of eight months.
however, wibta if i just sort of left?
hotel now charging patrons for looking at items in minibar
lifeguard hoping to make up for last summer
area man may have lied about having sex
clinton woos gay vote with freddie mercury mustache
facebook status update field dreading what area man about to type into it
so, this is a delicate situation and i feel bad for the kid that she's lying to him about this.
then i revealed after that if was me.
she will also fart in bed, when she thinks i am asleep.
another way to think about it is, it feels to me similar to someone offering a jewish burial for my family member, where i know they wouldn't want that.
donut shop's mission statement awfully ambitious
i realize i'm the asshole and i'm also realizing i'm very ignorant when it comes to bisexuality.
at any rate, i haven't seen that car parked in that spot since then, so i guess the message was received...
i've known b for twice as long as i've known my boyfriend and he's practically family.
catholic church releases new molestation-proof altar boy uniform
general mills releases new lucky charms with 15 percent less leprechaun meat
i have worked my whole life to make him successful and he just throws me away aita or is my son overreacting for me taking a new woman on a cruise for thanksgiving?
her parents want this huge elaborate wedding that no one can afford and they’re paying for most of it, which they never complained about.
john kelly struggles to maintain believable trump impression during phone calls with parkland survivors
treasure hunters discover wreck of 18th-century carnival cruise ship
our mindset is that if family members come to visit for the day on a weekend, we expect them to do more than just hold the baby, but actually help out by maybe doing the dishes, switching laundry to the dryer, taking the dog for a walk, etc just so we can lean on their support for a small break from all the stuff that piles up.
this thing was expected to last a while, which is part of the irony of the situation when last year, a storm came in and pretty much destroyed our entire backyard- the greenhouse included.
i have an appointment tomorrow and i'm afraid to go aita for yelling at a dental receptionist for canceling my appointment after waiting for so long?
copy pasted from my post on r/confession, [here]( (throwaway account, **tl;dr at bottom**, writing might not be the best feel free to ask for clarification.) this takes place at a boarding school in pa.
but he know how badly i had it and how i didn't even have electricity myself.
if anyone wants me to elaborate further i will try my best to explain it better if thats ok aita for not wanting to be part of a work rpogram i was forced into and finding every excuse to not go?
my sister and i (m) are both working people living out of town, and we came home for thanksgiving.
paul ryan announces new congress sexual harassment training will create safe work atmosphere, plausible deniability
i'm actually really happy for her.
so i started talking to her, we got closer.
she was laying flat on her back on top of me and laughing with her mouth wide open.
i want to respect my boyfriend and his feelings, but i dont want to resent him and give up an important part of my sexuality.
paranormal expert bores son with ghost story
report: it not hard at all to imagine your coworkers' supple, nude bodies
we went on a few dates(3) and other than that just chilled at her place, or mine.
so this christmas the plan is for my fiancé and i to fly out and visit my parents.
maybe take 1 day from the moving week she booked?
that was really hard when she asked me if i had any protection she could borrow, and i had to say no.
she seemed appalled at the suggestion.
priest regrets vow of celibacy after learning about furries
edit 4: i'm asshole this community needed, not the one it deserved.
dad announces plan to honk when he's out front
ibm closes jew-tracking division after decades of declining revenue
sports banquet ends in trophy fight
divorced man sadly removes ex-wife's admin privileges from home security system
i wanted her to be included and to spend time with her because she is my friend.
like boxes of shit in your house? get a cat
report: therapist just saying that to make you feel better
bold employee just watching videos during meeting with sound on
members of twisted sister now willing to take it
my teacher sat me next to asia so that i could help her out.
this was a lie because her instagram is public, 2,000 followers, and the link to the website is in the bio.
&#x200b; m: of course my text didn't acknowledge that because i cannot acknowledge what i don't know.
trump unveils reelection campaign plan to drive bus into crowds across country
so i really really like him.
definitely think i fucked up here, but later he commended me for not telling his parents.
koch brothers furious kavanaugh never disclosed that nation might care about sexual abuse
frustrated iranian scientist forced to shut down project he spent 12 goddamn years of his life on
honestly i can see the validity in both points of view, and i feel like it's a matter of circumstances/context about which argument holds more weight.
health department still not able to really prove why people shouldn't be eating candles
chipotle mayo doing all the heavy lifting in sandwich
man who got 6-figure book deal from his tumblr account has the fucking nerve to appear on national television
usda admits weight loss not possible for people who don't like salmon
parents with fucking newborn babies out in direct sunlight.
jenna bush's federally protected wetlands now open for public drilling
one day i caught him stealing raw cookie dough and eating it in the cooler.
who caters to whom?” and he said, “the one who got there last caters, obvs.” i really, really don’t agree.
on their last visit this december she said that she woke up with her pants down, if i was the rapist father, i wouldn't let them sleep in the same house.
he gets into things he's not supposed to and has landed them in the emergency room because they thought he had eaten something dangerous during one of our games (he was fine, but better safe than sorry).
you subtly called me a liar because i photoshopped something which made me think you don't trust me 2.
with regard to 1), i'd honestly be thrilled if she found another job, and i told her that.
i notice a pretty jacked dude getting setup for his bench presses, which is right next to my bench.
fisher-price releases new in utero fetal activity gym
pope tweets picture of self with god
he was pissed when he got home, obviously.
woman's tan lines don't make any sense
palm tree in hurricane irma's path ready to bend real good for cameras
she says maybe my brother (who lives with her) can.
gondolier ordered to follow that gondola
until we get to the end of the year, and they simply give up.
going-out-of-business sign thanks neighborhood for 3 months of no support whatsoever
hello, i've been on reddit for a while and this is a throwaway for this post.
let's call it apples community college, or acc.
she will sometimes eat cookies late at night, a lot of carbs, and “not paleo” things.
like everyone, i certainly don't care how they want to live their lives.
i had a discussion weeks ago on facebook that led to me obsessing for days because people saw me as a bad person.
palestinians prepare for massive ground invasion
full-time mom drunk on the job
u shud obujj teh luww him, confused: ..what..
bush hopes recession doesn't affect sales of his memoirs
he was visibly shaken and hurt by the letter.
i had a good friend i'd been friends with for a few years.
it ended with her dumping me and storming out.
could there have been a better way to go around this?
anyway, we texted today: friend’s mom- “did you talk to [son] this weekend?
edit/some additional facts: -we probably had about 50 kids visit our house that night, and the majority got reese’s cups since my mom bought enough for a good 200 people.
stressed-out cvs back to selling cigarettes after only 3 months
a lot of us had gotten pretty drunk including me and this friend, throughout the night we had been just like normal and nothing weird happened.
its a silly story, but aita for slipping, breaking the record, and being upset that henry was upset that the record broke?
because she has the easier job out of both of us?
national weather service: 'don't go surfing unless you can really shred that shit'
vespa corporation enchants another slight little man-child
he is the only one that was always nice to me unlike the rest who just treated me badly throughout my childhood.
later this night, i was once again doing the same thing, where i was looking through streams and hopped into the most viewed again.
ivanka, donald jr., eric trump removed from white house after mother wins 25-year custody battle
deep down, woman knows she's watching entire trading spaces marathon
when we came back my dad told me that the cat seemed to be in pain so he gave him a painkiller that he had for his animals.
basically, some of my kitchen things are still being used by him and more than half of what i own is up in his attic.
last beer in six pack drunk with plastic rings still attached
apparently they drug tested almost 30 people and a lot came up positive which means that they all get a major strike on their record and other major discipline.
i weigh 320 pounds more or less.
**he aggressively flew up so close i literally thought he was going to ram me.** i was actually surprised he \*didn't\* hit me, that's how close he was.
south dakota considering maybe putting mount rushmore on state quarter
ps: this is a phobia, so i cannot really explain why i feel like i do, but mostly i just find jewelry to be dirty and tacky.
out-of-control hand gesture sends bernie sanders tumbling off stage
edit for clarification: i know that i was an asshole for not telling her when it happened.
i'm 6'4 so it's usually not a challenge for me.
tonight my sister didn’t want to pay for my food(which i was totally okay with) and so she gave me 10 dollars to pay for her 14 dollar pasta dish while i bought a 19 dollar pizza ( ridiculous prices for a pizza btw) along with a tip, i had absolutely no problem with this although giving the delivery man the key hurt my soul just a little bit.
i asked him why he felt so distant, and he shrugged it off.
i have an apprenticeship, so i earn a small wage and still live with my parents.
trump reassures struggling farmers he has never seen one of them and cannot be sure they even exist
the thing is though i find it incredibly uncomfortable.
she had to leave because she had work the next day, nothing happened then apart from getting her number.
hey reddit, long time lurker first time poster.
freshman bares her soul to entire dorm floor in first week
a chicken run is just a big expensive project, and will take some time to save up for/build.
bit of background: i normally work from home, but i had to come into the office for a few days, because i am applying for a new position and i wanted to shake hands and do an interview in person.
i have family members injured by drunk drivers, friends killed, and relatives and other acquaintances who have lost loved ones due to these foolish people.
i'm not sure why this pisses me off so much, but it does.
literary theorists admit they still have no idea what animal farm about
in addition, the housing authority here is very well funded, so my apartment was recently renovated with a new floor, appliances, etc.
one day later we met at the park and kissed a little bit top.
try something like “could you please restore my post?
tldr: i slept with a girl in an unhappy relationship who is already cheating on her kind of dickish boyfriend.
actor matthew mcconaughey agrees to star in whatever
i still have some contact with the former boyfriend, we sometimes call, and we see each other once every three months or so.
she went on about how close they were getting, how much she liked him, how much he liked her, etc.
so basically i was getting my full license after my provisional.
throwaway account because i don’t want to be bombarded.
giddy thom yorke goes to bed early to make grammy day get here sooner
i got a bit fed up and grabbed his hand, and i said please stop.
drunk women find their run across busy street hilarious
i finally had a night off tonight and tried to hit him up, but didn't get a response which i thought ndb hes busy or sleeping.
the full timer dry cleaned it herself with her money and brought it to me later.
i told her that i was aware that wasn’t her fault that the water got shut off and wasn’t mad at her, but that it resulted in my wife and i having a really poor experience.
aita for cycling on the sidewalk?
16-year-old excited to have whole summer to plan shooting for next school year
shingles sufferer sick of explaining what shingles is
kavanaugh surprised senate not questioning fact he never went to law school
but occasionally people will say “what?” so i have to kinda treat them like it’s a stickup and say “here’s what’s going to happen.
exxonmobil, chevron locked in bidding war to acquire lucrative pennsylvania senator
pt was bothering me the entire game, making small comments and being a douche.
&#x200b; aita for trying to date while i still live with my ex
i was speechless for several seconds, i then blew up and told her that that is way off topic and completely against my morals, and how could she think i would do something so awful.
when she didn't take the call, i sent her another message asking her to just explicitly tell me whether she wants me to leave her alone.
this guy is going to be staying with him over the summer even.
maria butina slips away after binding half-naked, blindfolded robert mueller to bed
he didn't sleep the 2 days prior(got sleep the night before), ate chips and junk food, stayed on his couch for days, drank the days leading up and smoked weed before, during and after the trip.
i too had pretty severe social anxiety stemming from my asd, so i get she’s just not there.
they met at the small grocery store where they worked together, and she still works there while my brother has moved on.
steven is quite oblivious to how he shows himself to others.
sorry if i disgusted any if you by how superficial i might sound, but i can guarantee that we have a very healthy relationship and i just have a few issues.
i feel like i can’t swallow the food from the anxiety and fear that i may choke, create an extremely embarrassing scene and then die.
for the last year i was with him, i was not the kind, supportive, and caring partner i wish i was.
i don't know if this is important but i'll say it anyway) although i still had the same issues so i kept doing it.
letter of recommendation clearly written under duress
am i the asshole for asking my co-worker to either finish their food or not bring it into my car?
so thats basically my thought process.
last week was my 30^(th) wedding anniversary.
he freaked out at me for snitching on him.
aita for denying this woman a seat at a hospital?
it's just super weird because you are best friends with my ex, who i'm pretty sure still has feelings for me.
infowars moves to ban alex jones
i got way to drunk at a party and her and my best friend got me an uber home.
child's last steps captured on video
his vegetation is causing is a lot of encroachment that, if not regularly cut: 1) prevents me from walking along my fence line, 2) shades my vegetable garden and 3) brushes up against my roof and the telephone lines.
now we are still talking but it's obviously not the same, can anyone tell me if i should have lied?
you keep talking about how fucked up i am and how this was a waste of time.
she tells me that her and my brother hooked up the other night.
jared kushner quietly transfers 'solve middle east crisis' to next week's to-do list
man who drinks 5 diet cokes per day hoping doctors working on cure for whatever he's getting
10th-grade class watches ben-hur for two weeks
the man looks me straight in the eye and stops, making himself big and blocking the road.
exhausted nation unsure it has stamina to continue gun control dialogue for fifth consecutive day
rommel, hummel dominate parents' christmas list
(in my case gas, but could be a restaurant or whatever) i believe most people would agree that this is not an asshole move even though it may be illegal.
grandmother's folksy sayings delay senility detection for years
trump boys swallow luggage keys in case they get locked up in jail and need to escape
gop leaders celebrate passing point of no return
i quit.” in response i angrily say “don’t quit you’ll ruin the game for everyone” we go back and forth a few times essentially reiterating what we have already said.
here's where i could be the asshole and where i think since they are acting all weak (these women are regulars like us).
long story short everything was going fine and then it wasn't.
i honestly felt sick to my stomach.
\-so i snapped at her too "i am calm.
should i just stay home from now on?
caresses her son/my husband’s hair, rubs his face, holds his forearm.
$500 stereo installed in $400 car
years later, my sister gives that pet's name to her daughter.
and about a week later and 2 days ago.
tl;dr: i'm sick and my boyfriend is a healthnut since tuesday.
my partner and i have started to get more serious - we’ve been seeing each other for a few months now, and i can’t have him over often because of his allergy.
&#x200b; edited to add: get the dog now, and if i'm medically cleared a licence in a year or two.
the whole conversation after this is simply that i asked to speak with my fiance privately for a moment.
**i decided to do the right thing or at least something close to it.** i pulled over.
she said “do it!” so i pushed her.
hero lawyer uses technicality to free guilty man
all the good sentiments on 'get well soon' card already taken
aita for asking to split rent in accordance with income?
they had some sort of holiday coworker family day.
women in hollywood perfectly okay they not represented behind the scenes of 'the blacklist'
anyway, things were generally good until one day i grew sick of living and decided i should just go off and take my own life, wrote a lovely ole note and everything.
whoa, vacuum got something pretty big under couch
millions of shrimp airlifted from oil spill disaster zone
i bought extremely expensive gifts and i specifically went for stuff that they're extremely interested in.
this developed into a full-on argument where he was accusing me of lying just to embarrass him and disrespecting him by not eating the snacks he made (it was a cheese platter wtf who does that?) and after an intense screaming match i left his house and texted him later in the afternoon saying i never want to go to his house again and that we're not friends anymore.
i’ve loaned my brother about $400.00 in total over the last 6 months.
man in suit slams fist on desk
report: 80% of subway track repairmen run over each day
every morning there is this man who is sleeping in the same seat.
new romney ad claims candidate does not oppose women in cases of rape, incest
death row inmate saving some of last meal for between execution attempts
me and e have bonded a great deal for some time, our kids are best friends and we know each others situations perfectly.
i obviously get a bit worried, and i feel something in the pit of my stomach.
we're currently college seniors and we started dating only 4 months ago.
i would fully be fine with this if she gave me a reason other than "don't want to".
as a result i’m trying to make sure she would never find out and so my relationship would never affect a.
mom wants to know if the people who live in your apartment building are nice
for my birthday, my friend of 9 years gave me a birthday card that essentially says "i'm sorry i can't get you a present this year, i'll treat you sometime".
note: i accept the fact that she is not interested in me, but imo it's completely unreasonable for her to lie to me, if we're such good friends.
man not going to let mind games of ex-girlfriend's natural moving-on process get in his head
that night we decided to go so we could take pictures of the lights and swing.
well this didn't go over well with my girlfriend, who proceeds to repeatedly deny this as a possibility she's willing to consider, because of the "heartbreak" it would cause her and because she wants to find alternate means to fix the behavior, which really amounts to throwing money at the problem or expending even more energy keeping the cat happy.
in 2012 she bought some cheap plain black pants.
she honestly does mean the world to me and since freshman year in highschool she has been the one who has been with me through so many events in my life, including my moms passing.
newly discovered recordings reveal beatles actually terrible group
so i bit my lip and told her outright what was up.
now some people saying im a jerk for doing that am i jerk for standing up.
she is saying to quote 'he's fucking pissed now'.
edit- they do not know that i was originally going to make it all from scratch but am now doing box version and only one dessert.
chuck schumer relieved he's never taken stance meaningful enough to have someone mail him explosive
zangief blasted for disrespectful celebration after fight in spain
so, we grew up completely different and...
researchers find link between education, smartness
mysterious benefactor leaves coupon book to dozens of local establishments in man's mailbox
yoga teacher has way too much on plate to fuck any more students right now
at the end of the day, we have fundamentally different personalities to the point where i wouldn't want to really associate myself with them if they weren't blood.
two of my other colleagues were there comforting her too.
fema airdrops emergency cyanide pills for residents stranded by hurricane florence
starr taunts clinton with humiliating 'sittin' in a tree' song
i'll be honest, i don't know if this is the right sub for this, so please direct me to the right place if need be.
marauding gay hordes drag thousands of helpless citizens from marriages after obama drops defense of marriage act
parents considering second child so daughter can have someone to grow apart from
i still haven't deleted her from snapchat and all that.
for the last week i've tried talking to all my co-workers to get someone to cover me, but to no avail.
she basically told me that this was her property and she was free to do what she wanted with it and that she demanded me to pick up after my dog.
i want to win, if you're not gonna play better, i don't want to play with you." i just want to win.
i found out that my now ex cheated on me back in early 2018.
me- excuse me, are you stupid or fucking blind?
she is a freak in bed, to put it mildly.
girl gone wild actually just regular girl, only more insecure and drunk
“you took it for four days.
new study finds blacks more likely
&nbsp; **tl;dr:** i'm an asthmatic and my boyfriend swore up and down that he didn't smoke anymore.
orrin hatch delivers farewell address from coffin descending into plot dug in middle of senate floor
millions of americans shocked to discover favorite movie directed by woman
'walking dead' writers regret naming every single character 'rick'
daughter giggled, and we went shopping.
i feel a bit manipulative for having done so myself.
so this lady gets up for her stop and literally tells on me to the buss driver.
i drove my older brother, my eldest brother, my older brother’s girlfriend, and my best friend back home for thanksgiving.
she looked for a while then i asked her again to throw it away.
recently, we've started the talks of children.
man's family rises to record-high fourth priority
facebook users morbidly curious what site going to do with their personal data to recoup $5 billion fine
it's also important to note that we had a mild friendly competition about grades to see who could do better but i always ended thing with "i'm glad you did well on _____x______ and you deserve it".
area man clearly came to redbox machine without any game plan
plan for future still involves drumming for lifehouse
dream vacation turns deadly for area houseplant
furious dianne feinstein demands nsa figure out exactly who didn't endorse her
indian-american child having difficulty finding bicycle license plate with his name on it
i explained this in a group chat to my friends, they were all like u skived lol, whatever cos it's not like we didn't and it's not like it matters (we missed 3hrs each of lesson time).
backpedaling trump claims eldest son would probably be fine doing 5 to 10 years in prison
disney still throwing word 'classic' around like so much confetti
i had the worst itching of my life, my throat started to close up, i experienced the worse stomach cramps i’ve ever had, threw up multiple times, nearly shit myself, and i literally couldn’t walk so i had to be picked up in a truck by a park ranger and driven to the trail entrance so the ambulance could take me to the hospital.
mark zuckerberg cited for contempt of congress after refusing to shut the fuck up about how he started company in dorm room
kenny chesney also poor man's kenny chesney
but i’m not sure how i was rude.
i work out a lot and made a lot of changes to my body, i am at a healthy weight, i have a more toned body and whenever i bring it up casually its like no haha fuck sports.
more americans concerned illegal immigrants will take their spot on couch
also i don't judge every bi or question them about their dating history.
local man helped every day by salad shooter
yellow cross receives record 10,000 liters of urine donations
study: depression up among teenage girls able to perceive any part of world around them
dunkin' donuts signs 10-year partnership to be exclusive food vendor of united states
that’s pretty bad but bare in mind she is so annoying and she put me through all her emotional roller coaster meltdowns.
we have been on-and-off for several years.
oliver stone thriller 'individual 1' already written, filmed, nominated for 5 golden globes
cyber monday retailers pull in record 700 terabytes of consumers' personal information
things went to hell between them, and they split up.
george clooney beginning to think he should buy his own tuxedo
garage orchestra hands out demo at boston philharmonic show
he makes all the excuses in the world for him- but at this point, i’ve had enough.
she told me a lot of private things about herself including that she's cheated before.
in practice it amounts to sharing music, cheap jokes and idle chit chat this fine afternoon, i received a “prank joke video” from a colleague with a misleading headline and seemingly innocent screen image.
i live in a state where if a tree falls on your property it's your problem.
she said, that they don't want that we (the girl and i) see us again.
i also know other women within my outer friend circle he had slept with, and mutual friends have told me he has women he sees frequently in destinations he visits for work.
battleship awkwardly propped up against ferguson police department
they have him on camera going in and out several times with at least 3 empty yogurt containers and an empty package of cookie dough.
loose-cannon cop who doesn't play by the rules uses unconventional filing system for paperwork while on desk duty
hidden valley ranch bombed by balsamic extremists
plus, body language can be based on assumptions." i'm standing there dumbfounded that she had been harboring that resentment over me simply saying no!
copies of da vinci code litter crash site
inside: the fetish photography of german chancellor helmut kohl
my department has a brand new post-doc named samuel, who came from scotland.
i really didn't want to end up in the middle of them but one day while hanging out we drank a lot.
aita for dumping my ex by text .....
report: friend has been going by middle name this whole fucking time
rather than give a boring, generic name (like the aspen room), i decided to turn it into an exciting fundraiser.
inmates scrambling to replace whitey bulger in prison production of 'guys and dolls'
poll finds americans' greatest fear is waitress forgetting about them
got to leave hs early may for “bed rest” and made a huge deal about not missing finals or missing ap exams while 34 weeks pregnant.
god recalls life-changing encounter with 8-year-old boy who had near-death experience
over the next several days i started thinking of our relationship.
area man now checks inside boat in driveway every morning
guy you canvassed with knows this great little italian canvassing place
they occasionally message but basically since being with me, she has ceased almost all contact with him.
however, it often left me with no response available, because my mind can't switch track away from serious that quickly, and sometimes i do honestly need to talk about the thing (in which case i do just repeat it and he does actually answer).
aita for thinking he could leave the switch behind?
he started screaming and crying like like a little demon until teacher broke us up, settled the situation and made us both open the bags too see if who was right(i was right).
once-loyal enabler betrays man by suggesting therapy
so, knowing this, it was incredibly important for my brother for her to come to the wedding.
poll: 68% of americans believe lee harvey oswald acted like asshole
ultrasound technician asks pregnant woman if she'd like to know baby's name
maybelline announces it will stop testing new products on unsuspecting customers in the middle of the night
my 20 lbs shiba’s mess looked like nothing there.
and i don't want you thinking i hate bisexuals or something because my brother is bi and has dated both men and women.
like instead of waiting why can't i just run by myself and get them now (it's one block away).
wife came to me last month wanting a divorce.
weak little man asks for help
another thing i should mention is we had two parking lots at the camp.
area supervisor hates to break up little party
the spa is on the floor level of hotel resort though, where there are stores around and a lot of foot traffic, so we’d have to trudge through a bunch of commotion to and from the shower.
entire conversation with parents spent changing the subject
eyes removed in violent yearbook attack
we don't really have any other alternative for now and i'd say sex is a pretty important part in our relationship.
but i feel like she’d actually kill me so i haven’t said that.
i called him for new years, he experienced it first, not because he asked me to (he didn’t even elude to the need) but because i wanted to be with him then.
guy from the strokes accused of trying to look like guy from the strokes
man psyches self out during selection of ice-cream flavor
no big deal, i love me some jackets.
&#x200b; so that's it, if i am confusing, tell me, i'll try clarify, but let me know what u guys all think about it all?
complains that she may be pregnant every month.
we're closer than me and roommate so i called him later that evening to tell him i knew and i was sorry i'd found out without him telling me.
she said that nothing is wrong, that's just her face.
&nbsp; the rest of the day he called me until i finally texted him "please stop calling me and don't drive by my house.
i knew i couldn't say it back to her, so i didn't and explained as to why i couldn't say it back.
strange new culture forming on other end of office
i hooked up with this girl one time 7 months ago, used a condom and she said she was on birth control and 7 months later i get a call last week saying that she's pregnant and that it's up to me if i want to be involved in this child's life.
child on first day at refugee camp misses dead parents
she blew out a fucking meatball after we put a candle on it because there wasn’t any cake or anything.
if i bring him out with my friends, it ends in an argument over absolutely nothing.
also on mobile so excuse my formatting hear me out.
rescuers heroically help beached garbage back into ocean
astronomers admit they made neptune up
&#x200b; after five months were up, we left the country and i never saw my aunt again.
**customer** thank you **agent** i understand why you feel like this, really i don’t know walmart choose the courier.
james comey quickly reopens clinton email investigation for few more minutes
retreating clinton campaign torches iowa town to slow advance of sanders volunteers
cast of 60 minutes suffers collective stroke
but am i the asshole for not telling her first?
rumsfeld only one who can change toner in white house printer
thanks guys, it does actually mean a lot edit 4: she woke up and is feeling a lot better, no longer has a fever and does not feel sick.
bush trying to decide how to spend his tax refund
man hoping people notice how many folding chairs he's carrying at once
senior citizen keeps mind active by contemplating death
aita for making a bad joke at the funeral of a friend’s mother despite warning them first?
he probably doesn't know that he's casually pretending to belong to an organization or that people will assume that he does.
she immediately follows saying that "our friendship is over, because i am not interested in that".
we always talk through our issues, but this was the first time that i have ever been emotional in a way that i knew was wrong, but couldn't stop myself from feeling that way.
man experiencing first real moment of peace in years resuscitated
i responded with support, saying the following: "i support human rights.
normally, they would sleep in on sunday and leave for a 9 o clock mass or something close to that.
unclear if store called 'casa spazio' sells leather sofas or pizzas
crude but functional starbucks hewn from rock facing
rumsfeld makes jerk-off motions as powell speaks at cabinet meeting
pakistani boy, u.s. drone form unlikely friendship
sources: you don't want to know what currently happening to saudi arabian woman
new plastic surgery technique makes 40-year-old women look like really-weird-looking 38-year-olds
shaken secretary of transportation reduces speed limit to 5 mph after witnessing accident
pigeon to invoke power of flight
on the other hand, there is no way a deaf cat can be left outdoors.
every time i get close to a girl she either has a bf or says im like a brother and i end up feeling like ive wasted my time.
washington monument set up on blind date with eiffel tower
it gets way more seductive from her at this point and i'm kinda see where she is going with it when she says she is up to do anything and would like to see me tomorrow, stuff along the lines of there won't be any regrets.
i'm going to call her may in this post.
his dad and i are divorced and live in different states.
hi all, &#x200b; so 13 years ago my fiancee had a baby she gave up for an open adoption.
from there i sat on the other end of a divider at a regular computer and waited for an hour and a half, afterwards i approached her again and asked her if she was close to finishing.
all my friends are in uni, attending classes and what-not, so i am just staying home and playing games.
i thought i was just being helpful since 1.
sighing trump sexual assault accusers announce they'll try coming forward again next week
it's usually a pretty small amount but i always worry that i'm making taking out the garbage later into a pain in the ass by a.
it's my turn to check out so i ask for $5 on my pump and a 85c black & mild, she ask for an id, which unfortunately today i did not have tody do to only have a paper id at the moment.
even if i might not like cutting her off i feel it’d be the best decision for me wibta if i wanted to cut of my friend when she hasn’t done anything but just bc it’s stress talking to her and i cba to?
since he had access to an exchange he offered to grab things to take back to his coworkers at the deployed location when he heads back.
but since it's google, they look mainly for "googleyness" which means they look for good people and aren't so worried about performance.
rex tillerson blindsided by news he still works for state department
nobody is better than anyone else, they are all the bottom rung of society, so i hate everyone to the degree that a vehement nationalist racist would hate a black man who flew a plane into the world trade center and raped 100 white women on the way.
i checked my debit card's history, and audible wasn't charging me- i was getting these for free!
area man going to great lengths to conceal his perfectly normal behavior
but we've been having sex less and less (maybe once-twice a month now) and it's starting to get to me.
i responded no again, as after 16 years of being suffocated with christmas for about 3 months a year i'm pretty done with the holiday (don't even ask for gifts anymore).
let me start this with some background: me and my wife have a relationship for almost 4 years now, we started dating in 2014.
they brought me a list of items and i’m wondering if anyone wants to help out?
i ended up declining and was then immediately asked why.
report: friend's apartment not nice enough to be asking people to take off shoes
report: mom's work friend has no one
aita for reacting hostile to my friends.
study finds average american hopes no one saw that 12 times per day
it was both of our first relationship and we both made our fair share of mistakes.
so she wants to start going to bed at 8:30 her time which is, 7:30 my time.
my family brought me home made oreos dipped in chocolate and they were disappearing way faster than i was eating them.
clinton, hagar meet to discuss federal speed-limit issues
now it’s been 2 years and she has told her bf who she is still dating and we are still very close but i can tell we are continuing to drift.
cheney suspects bush listening in on other phone
basically there’s a kid at my school who has a youtube channel and some of the content on his channel is just objectively awful e.g 3 part series on his family washing their car , 25 part series on opening his lego advent calendar, an interview with his uncle anyway i was sitting by him in a lesson and asked him wat he was getting for christmas and he said a 4k camera for his youtube.
clinton takes campaign staff to little hole-in-the-wall financial institution not many people know about
he kept his distance as they growled and said that he would want to introduce our dogs sometime.
im halfway to max level but i thought it would be fun for everyone to do a playthrough together starting from scratch, since ive been on my bf's account and want to buy the game and build up my own characters by myself.
author accepts award on ghostwriters' behalf
latest news of israeli-palestinian violence makes man hungry for falafel
and what that philosophy reading conveys is the same tragic case —an uncompromising “moral” agent who feels removed and alone because of their seemingly “successful” approach to life has no room for adaptation.” friend’s mom- “i see what you’re saying.
woman panics after accidentally getting into exact-change lane
my two other friends and my older brother drive him to a park / forest to get outside and away from people so we can wait it out until he comes back to reality.
but she never seemed to fully trust me.
woman doomed to years of hippo-themed gifts
breaking: america's white population plummets to 2.7% after trump caves on immigration enforcement
i asked my father to pick me up from high school today because he didn't have work, so he drove with my sister to do just that.
i'm not sure what do about it atm, but does me wanting to have the desklight on even when he's sleeping make me an asshole?
river is the dm of my other campaign with several of my good friends in it as well.
as far as i am aware there wasn't anything leading into this disagreement.
i don't even know his last name, and he's never been anything but respectful.
i later replaced the record (which i would have done as soon as i realized it was broken), and there were no hard feelings.
anyhow, we come up with two different gifts for these two parties and one gift was right at $20 and the other was $17-$18.
angelina jolie stuns in first rollerblading competition since double mastectomy
i didn't want to leave or drive anywhere else since we did that long drive, so i told him i wasn't coming.
one day i yelled out my window "can you shut the fuck up?!" aita?
the next day i found her chatting in another stream, said she was boring again and got told off pretty harshly.
well about thirty seconds later i hear the kid say that he has to go to the bathroom so his dad asks me get up.
so the other day, he comes to my friend’s dorm.
she says it’s too much, but i found one for $400 black friday and she agreed to split it with me, but it counts as my spouse’s birthday gift this year and mine next year as well.
hotshot product talking big game about being good for consumer
financial analysts offer to talk about recession for $5
couple's fucked-up presex ritual involves tucking both kids into bed
our nation's truckers: are we meeting their pancake needs?
i asked her out on a date to a cozy restaurant in our small town (gainesville, fl).
her dad said he was going to pay for her dress, but guess what, because of those bank issues this (and every other previous debt) had to be made on her or her mother's credit card.
after the mid review, turns out that they are not very keen at looking at technicalities of the implementation and all, which has been somewhat of my focus till now.
clinton laughs off idea she politically savvy enough to launch revenge campaign on kavanaugh
stripper failing school she's working self through
kids were yelling, running around, trying to jump out the fucking window and so on.
now everything has gone to a head and she has flat out told me that she does not want me to fuck her, and i am very angry and hurt.
me: well what did you mean then?
without talking to my girlfriend first?
she insisted that it was fine and that she had fun regardless, but i’m worried that she’s just lying because she doesn’t want me to feel like crap.
big ben set 15 minutes ahead to give london a little extra time in the morning
in the end, we didn't even do much with hamlet, a short 30 question quiz and a couple of questions on the unit test.
otherwise reasonable man sincerely believes u.s. landed on moon
location of newest mass shooting revealed
i blew her off at this point!
ice agents feeling a little hurt that trump doesn't think they're doing enough to terrorize hispanics
maybe we can save up and go on a vacation next year." well, fast forward to now, my girlfriend comes to me and tells me that the turkey trip is really happening, it's in two months, mark invited her again and she had saved up enough money to go so she wanted to do it.
because i'm earning almost 4 times more than her, i willingly handle most of our expenses (around 80-90% of our expenses).
authorities say blacklight analysis shows velvet poster of mushroom kingdom looking even cooler than previously imagined
family dog ignored for 11th straight year
i'm a, roommate who doesn't like me is in b, roommate who does like me is in c [set up and dynamics].
he kept kissing her on the cheek and lips and stroking her hair telling her how pretty she was.
senior center restocks on rum raisin ice cream
because of the fact he's been out if school we haven't seen much if each other since then but today he asked if i wanted to sleepover.
attractive woman surprised to learn coworker a dick
white house says mueller report must be kept private because it's so exonerating it would drive public mad
i asked him what time he would have gotten to the office if the subways weren't delayed, and he said "before the meeting".
when i told her how some of the guys at the party she was not invited to thought she was bat shit crazy, she bit her lower lip in a masochistic way and wanted to know which one.
my fiance basically breaks down crying, (she does this a lot to get her way) and says that i must hate her.
not all of them are pictures of her, but sometimes its animals and just photography, you get the point.
it is very sad that her gran died and different people deal with death different ways but as cold and heartless as this sounds when did she die?
a girl who was the nephew of a now imprisoned drug dealer.
i live in a rural area so the houses are about 10-20 meters from each other but every single night for the past years my neighbor starts coughing like crazy with 20-30 minutes intervals, sometimes going for 5 minutes straight.
my dad noticed this and told me to leave them outside and i argued with him that no one will take these since they’re outside and most of the guests had left.
royal baby spits up on great-grandmother
for him to give other people a chance at the job i know isn't inherently wrong, but i feel i've been sabotaged, and by my best friend too.
taylor swift unveils even darker persona with new single 'skullfucking maggot shit boyfriend'
charles schulz estate releases hundreds of rare, never-before-seen images of him posing next to an easel
desperate dole promises best prom ever
obviously, me being well endowed, and his virgin butthole not being prepared, that definitely would not have been a fun experience so i decline him.
since my father works in the same business circle as i do (different companies, same field) some fuck heads have been messaging me asking if i enjoyed my families new years celebration without knowing i wasn't there.
it was a long day so i was kinda like “ehh fuck it”.
she lost the house & desperately needed to live somewhere w her 15 yr old son(not his) & was broke, although very highly educated.
in all fairness i am also pretty unorganized, but i definitely value cleanliness over both of them, and m is fine with out right messes, and because of this i end up doing 90% of the vacuuming and cleaning in the room.
14-year-old congressional whiz kid balances budget
i explained to her that she needs to locate the child immediately and she can’t be saying that she “can’t do this” right in front of the children.
he's 9 years old, still watches cartoons on netflix all day, can't form sentences other than 'hi' or 'my name is (name)'.
i do it all alone with the exception of leaving a sticky note on the door saying \*“hello!
report: 99% of employees would use boss as human shield in event of workplace attack
incredible 'business-man' has salary of 10 regular men
tl;dr: waitress spilt coffee all over me and drenched all of my shirt at a work brunch.
she feels that i don't respect our relationship and i don't put enough effort to making our family.
i honestly feel he's better off not knowing who i am and him knowing that his family from his mom's side is good and it being a mystery on his dads side of what he actually comes from.
these are his friends and we’ve only dated for about 7 months.
so i'm not the only student to have seen this.
cleaning of our own rooms and such is left at our own discrecion.
(i also actually enjoy helping my classmates and used to offer my notes of my own accord to help people out, but a bunch of the bitchy girls got miffed when i didn't have time for a few weeks and thought i was lying so i didn't have to give it to them.) so throughout the weeks, i would answer asia's, often stupid, questions and let her know the important points i was taking in my notes.
i also realized that this would always be in the back of my mind if i were to date her - that her physical limitations would cause me to feel some sort of resent towards her altering my lifestyle.
there's no meaningful public transportation, no uber or lyft, and what few cabs there are charge a fortune to take you anywhere.
sweating, shaking man never going to spend a little time with his thoughts again
trump dismisses concerns over white house chaos after pack of feral dogs takes over 4th west wing room
yearbook committee forced to print mug shot
grieving couple finds different ways to use stroller
never broke up with mike, because admitting to the fact they were dating (kind of) would mean admitting to herself she was cheating on her long time boyfriend.
algebra notebook forced to bear the brunt of teen's song lyrics
aita for moving on after being an abuser
i just feel like she doesn't give a shit about her life and only cares about what's going on on her phone.
we share a room, and she’d been doing this basically since she woke up.
aita for wanting a seizure dog and the ability to drive?
i have a hard time sleeping if not next to her and 2.
when it was finished, i submitted it (before the deadline) and specifically told my professor that the reason it was so bare bones was that i made it by myself, and nobody on the group helped.
i get back to our holiday home and ask if anyone needs help preparing for our family lunch.
&#x200b; **the reasons they settled for the destination i didn't like was:** \- victoria had just graduated from university and wasn't going to apply to jobs until after summer so money was tight.
the way he said it seemed so sinister and out of blue.
stephen king stuck at book signing for hours writing personalized novels for line of fans
that victim woe is me mentality.
enron executives blamed for missing employee donut fund
pork chop trapped in airtight container
angela merkel admits she only attending stupid work conference for free trip to argentina
the clinics have patients who do rely on me for their well-being, but no one is critically ill, and i have colleagues who could cover me in a pinch, or the patients can have patience (my usual line when i'm running behind during the workday), and wait until i was back at work later on.
he has a dog for that.” btw this dude has no friends (because he’s a piece of shit) so i kind of took pleasure in the thought of him being lonely.
one of my former teammates let’s me know that he’s worried about him.
this allowed me to really be able to see her personality, rather than her body.
author dismayed by amazon customers' other purchases
&#x200b; as a precursor this is not a story about me but about one of my best friends, who i have known for 16+ years and so am intimately familiar with her family dynamics.
this gave me a sick idea.
she does this thing where sometimes she’s hypersexual and sometimes she breaks down crying, panic attacks, etc.
endangered rhino just wishes his horn didn't make people immortal
botanists discover trees are all slowly trying to strangle each other
man who plays devil's advocate really just wants to be asshole
the wedding is far away and would have to be a weekend trip.
it's gotten better since then, but it still effects me greatly.
would i be an asshole if i try to call a girl (with no other intention, just to call her to see how she's doing) who denied me before?
and now are cars are at a point that's so close that i can't believe we haven't already touched.
at this point i was tired of talking and ask for a complaint form.
i see it as not worth the risk.
we were playing monopoly, and i cheated and it made nathan go bankrupt real fast.
we were at a four way stop and if i'm being totally honest, i think she went when it wasn't her turn but it was really close and her car and the other guys hit each other at an angle so it was really hard to tell who was at fault.
r.a. has bad feeling about kid in cloak
shelling from royal caribbean's m.s. 'allure' sinks carnival cruise vessel that crossed into disputed waters
pope francis donates clothing to needy refugees
but for a whole year, we were able to keep the smell from collecting in the walls by putting the fan in the window whenever we smoked.
and i left it on read because i didn't feel like arguing it if it's her decision.
over-hydrated terrier proud owner of six city blocks
when i told my parents that i didn't want to go, they started to scold me and tried to shame me into going, saying how my aunt took care of me when i was a baby.
if i'm the asshole, dig into me, but if she's in the wrong just tell me and leave it at that.
'who sent you here,' whispers woman to big tray of cheese danishes confronting her in break room
so i made an instagram post with the caption “people like me are gone forever when you say goodbye”.
google's 9/11 homepage design stirs controversy
book about michael jackson available for purchase
all i wanted was to make a light joke and voice my annoyance about how my classmate could simply skip school by saying she had period pains but i guess nobody else thought it was as funny as i did.
i shot my shot and asked her if she'd just like to grab pizza over at her place, but she said she has to study.
capsizing boat passes u.s. in global quality of life rankings
aita for accidentally finding my boyfriends throwaway account but not telling him?
congress discontinues festival seating after insurance-deregulation-bill stampede
so my good friend kim and i are both in the same age range (late 20s), live close to eachother, and spend a lot of time with eachother because we share a lot of interests.
tom clancy really happy with how latest video game with his name on it came out
she said no one has ever said anything about it before.
dan quayle on standby to take over as bush family patriarch after george h.w. admitted to icu
sony releases new earbud detangling spray
aita if i refuse to adhere to a wedding's specific dress code?
within the past year, my girlfriend moved in with me into my home in an affluent neighborhood.
'a cashier at our davenport location did what?' disgusted sbarro ceo asks
she is pregnant and expecting her first first child and wants me to be in the delivery room with her.
he said no and we went back and forth, me being an asshole about it i later admitted that i was wrong to get angry over him not wanting me to use his computer.
tv in l.a. bar switched over to 'american dad' rerun without complaint
after a moment of shocked disbelief, i tried buying another audiobook.
am i the asshole for thinking this way?
we had a couple drinks with our friends, and we were both a little tipsy, not drunk.
so, aita for not wanting to give up 1/4 of a personal pizza?
although i agree with some of it, i personally enjoy gaming.
netflix defends 'queer eye' episode where the fab five forced to euthanize completely hopeless slob
so me and a friend (former friend, for other reasons, this was several years ago) planned to go to a concert.
m responds by saying that it saves time to just pick at random, while k follows up by telling me that i'm entitled to my opinion but that she doesn't really care.
report finds koch brothers increasingly falling under control of influential, high-powered trillionaire
'flatbread means pizza,' man explains to visiting father
tl;dr at bottom my parents have always been strict about movies.
nation's stray dogs call for increased wino-vomit production
woman flattered complete stranger would say something so nice about her tits
a lot of her kitchen wares are stolen.
guys' weekend getaway begins with daring purchase of new kind of beer
last night, he confronted me, after seeing the bong and weed next to the couches.
aita if i confront my co-worker about the email he send or should i just quit?
it made me reflect on my attitude quite a bit.
the other three have always been more open emotionally and physically than me, and i've alwyas enjoyed this as a welcome balance.
gray wolves sighted in capitol building for first time in 85 years
report: 92% of divorced parents get back together if children ask enough times
(other than that one case in the morning of which i bought my roommate a drink over) or when he's trying to nap.
new 'avengers' fan theory suggests key to beating thanos could be nothing because he not real and none of this exists
but obviously that's not why i'm here.
she followed it up with, “that, and i pray for you everyday 😘” now, for a bit of back story.
came into work one morning and as i passed our break room, i saw through the window on the door one of my colleagues, a girl in her early 20s (we'll call her kate), was crying in there.
he got upset that i said this, and attempted to give me a lecture (keep in mind we still arent in the car yet).
area eyesore also a data technician
we had to tell her i am not her mother and i have my own kids, i don't see her as a my child.
one night i asked her early on who she is texting with.
i was fairly sure she would accept considering we talked about how she had never been to a game and really wanted to go.
my boyfriend and i have been planning on going to a rave for new years.
governor demands to know which star on american flag is iowa's
i talked with my pastor and he said that it's sin and he should enter consoling but my husband won't do it and said i shouldn't have told anyone about what he was doing.
aita for not sharing my food with my family?
report: majority of diner's salt and pepper shakers currently being used to diagram elaborately planned bank heists
baseball is a very superstitious sport.
so on 9/11 i sent out a shockingly inappropriate message that was clearly a masochistic joke, esspecially if you knew me.
she then informs me that she didn't have them taken on her own, she went to a photographer.
disney world mascot could use a fucking vacation himself
&#x200b; recently i've been thinking about asking him to use the downstairs guest toilet instead of our main one for all number twos.
he had 2 cell phones, 2 e-mail addresses, etc.
she began suggesting that i was nothing but an ungrateful asshole and proceeded to just make sure to make me feel like trash for not wanting the nice adidas pants and nike hoodie i had gotten and honestly i don't think i am but i'm curious to see what an outsider would think.
if it was a man, she would have been charged with sexual assault" while i agree that men have been too frequently looked over when it comes to sexual assault, harassment, and how there can be often gender bias in these situations, i still don't think what her character did would fall under sexual assault for a man or woman.
neglect of wife, children results in promotion
obligatory on mobile, sorry for formatting.
loyal senator still lying patiently in spot where beloved bill died
this is an illegal, under-the-table sublet, as with all three units in this building.
even though 3yrs have passed since then i still feel guilty about it .
where she lives it's about 3 hours from me.
washing my feet requires me to prop up my foot in the bathroom sink and do some one-legged acrobatics while i scrub between the toes.
study: use of phrase 'don't skimp on the' linked to heart disease
eric trump leaves plate of seared foie gras outside bedroom door of despondent donald trump jr.
i (41f) am married to a (38m) military service member that is deployed to an overseas location where he operates with a team on male and female military and contract personnel.
red lobster offers new 'top hat full of shrimp' to attract wealthier customers
this was a while ago but i will still omit details for anonymity.
i clearly said please and i’m not saying it again.
i just get an off feeling about him.
joe wilson getting bored with no-longer-covert wife
children's hospital charity dependent on teri hatcher's knowledge of british parliament
new report shows many u.s. businesses actually just fronts for moneymaking operations
gf and i had plans to make dinner together.
needless to say, it didn’t go over that well and she didn’t reply to me after i accused her of trying to bait me into a conversation about it endlessly.
i didn't give my name but i kept things vague for now, just in case.
report: more americans setting aside money in case of pr emergency
i mainly watch cartel and isis executions.
cnn's hollywood minute announces special two-minute season premiere
old el paso introduces emergency taco kit
delta pilot refuses to land until gun control legislation passed
they just hated me and would come to our class and laugh at me.
regal cinemas suddenly realizes it's been playing 'love and other drugs' for two years
man remembers it summer solstice after noticing group of pagans fucking in ring of fire on way to work
could hillary clinton have what it takes to defeat the democrats in 2008?
brian kemp campaign energized after seeing early voter suppression numbers
man takes parents on tour of city where he came to escape them
loser congressman carries around pocket-sized version of constitution everywhere
i'm very outgoing and creatively expressive.
divorced friend burning through new hobbies at unsustainable rate
i don't really know why i got out.
i mean it’s an all you can eat buffet.
i kind of snapped and told them that they weren't funny and their jokes were lame and immature.
everyone begins to think i'm a bad guy because she has issues at home despite not telling me this (i would've been fine calling off filming if this was true).
i'm sensitive to the idea that iata in this situation.
cannibal corpse blasting from papal apartment window
he really is a great guy and we never really fought or had many problems but i just found myself more inclined to be with this other guy who i view as better.
giuliani insists breaking the law not a crime
to begin with both julia and mary told my girlfriend that i have to wear a suit because it would be inconsiderate of me not to, and every other man will be wearing one.
i didn't feel this would be viewed as inappropriate by alex.
democratic scouts head to tampa to get closer look at mitt romney
aita for asking my boyfriend to continue giving me head?
one day, i got fed up and told her, "maybe you should try going on a diet or something." she didn't take this lightly and accused me of calling her fat.
new poll finds americans view death of close relative more favorably than congress
i feel like i offended her but i think she needs a reality check that dudes don't want to play shower games, eat dainty food while sipping rose, or watch a woman open baby gifts.
occasionally though i will be reminded of something he did and it’ll fuck up my whole day.
just me and my buddies at a bar watching the game.
in three years i went from promising aerospace engineering prospect with sports cars a beautiful wife and kids to sick and dying, family and i had a fall out after they mishandled my sister's addiction and she died...then that same family kept me away as my aunt died of cancer at the same time i got sick.
rustic italian village just killing time between wedding feasts
from my perspective, i never threatened to 'ban' anybody.
lizard planning to bite new owner first chance it gets
for context: i volunteer at college, working under the student body.
woman who drinks 6 cups of coffee per day trying to cut down on blue light at bedtime
i’m well-aware that there’s no way to know whether that would have prevented my immune system issues.
mandatory unisex golden globes uniforms keep focus on stars' work
space shuttle endeavour: what's in it for me?
like, i would have married her if we were older and going out.
but it was obvious it was during our video chat that night.
at the cabin, all the girls talked about going out into the woods and doing a nude photo shoot.
don't have a problem with that as such.
i was worried and confused then i heard a noise from my brothers room, so i investigate.
i’ve never gotten yelled at before, why now?
when this came out i of course believed a and tried to help a through it.
i dress stylishly, have a great job, am very affectionate towards him and always go over the top on his birthday.
we just ended up not talking about it anymore currently visiting family for the holidays, and she scheduled a tattoo artist anyway.
congressman excited to be working on bill with intern he has huge crush on
i respond that as long as shes not with anyone, its fine.
savvy man registers 'sleepy romney' twitter account just in case candidate looks tired
the girl (x) came to the bars to meet with my friend (n).
good charlotte recording 10 new songs to be played at low volume in p.f. chang's
nation finishes romantically pairing off except for the losers
aita for calling my fiancé useless?
apartment completely flooded with disgusting sunlight
the toy was a stress ball where when you squeezed it, it poked through the holes to show little balls, and they poked onto the plastic to make it look like it had so many tiny holes on it, and that disgusts me.
'without them you could buy anything,' whispers amazon echo as man stares blankly at family
edit2: he apparently admitted to the cheating at she took off to stay with her sister.
report: friend doing sober january must have really fucked shit up over holidays
on top of working, i will have to take over her half of the chores and keep the house together for the week.
this car lines up directly in front of me as if they plan on cutting me off as well.
i feel zara has done a lot of damage today and it is going to be very difficult to look past it.
i know this probably wasn't a big factor in her breaking up with me, but since we split up, i've been thinking a lot about about all of the little things which might have caused her to resent me.
he informed me that it wasn’t my responsibility to check up on b.
preface: i love my boyfriend dearly and this is something we have talked about already.
report: antismoking group has never even tried cigarettes
real-life scene filled with product placement
this didn’t sway him at all so i got snippy and told him that his cigarettes (while they help his tics) are a waste of money and doing far more harm than this ever would (i should have brought up how he's damaging his mouth with the cough drops too, but didn't).
study finds dogs twitching in sleep are dreaming about tearing owners limb from limb
'so what did i miss?' asks michael flynn tilting large flower on lapel towards trump
my friend showed it to me today posted by an instagram meme account.
it's been eating me up inside so i'd like some feedback.
magical homeless man turns spare change into vomit
closed shop in gentrifying neighborhood to emerge from chrysalis as beautiful gastropub
i saw him veer onto the median to my left and he actually began \*passing\* me at first.
he's since moved out, and i never did end up going on a date while he was still there.
how can you be this gloomy when your living the good life?
i stay in the left lane because it’s the lane that goes through the junction without having to merge in.
employees given list of doctors shitty enough to accept company's health insurance plan
'true blood' characters openly talking about how they can't wait for episode to end
justice stevens renews vows to supreme court in emotional reconfirmation hearing
again, i just kinda stewed in my seat and mentally shook my head at these daredevils until we were off the plane.
you guys have helped me further realize that i am the asshole, even more than an asshole.
aita for ghosting girl i'm seeing after she cancelled plans on my birthday?
parents legally change 9-year-old's name to better reflect current pop culture
aita for thinking this girl in my creative writing class is milking/potentially faking ptsd?
north korean military developing parade capable of traveling 5,000 miles
30-year-old loser still hanging around teen choice awards
aita for refusing to be "just friends" with girls?
i've only ever done this to my sisters father, but now it's been almost 4 years and i cant remember the last time i even aknowleged my sister, who i see every day.
my mother called me an asshole and told me i have no right to do that.
cartoon character translated seamlessly into noodle
trump revokes puerto rico recovery funds after learning hurricane maria had fewer survivors
i said "you don't seem to have a problem forcing other people into things, what's the deal with him" and he gave me a nasty glare.
after we open gifts, they sit around and bullshit for a few hours and pretend they all loved the gifts, and thank one another...
tv show under fire for depicting murder
me and my friends spent sometime organizing a game of diplomacy (a board game) online that we'd play in real time.
she also is home a fair bit, so i can’t just say she doesn’t experience the noise and this doesn’t care.
new study confirms this didn't even feel like a 4-day work week
parents don't remember enough colors to help with kindergartner's homework
am i just trying to rationalize my wrongdoing?
by this point, \*he\* could've cut to the middle lane safely too.
report: nation thinking about big, warm piece of cinnamon coffee cake right now
i can't go on many rides at theme parks and there are many activities i miss out on.
historical archives: facial corsets for ladies, finally
told her i wanted to actually do stuff in real life instead of searching for online fantasies.
i have never been anything but polite and respectful with zara and was now very annoyed at the way i was being treated.
somehow i am the lost one, the immature one, the one who needs to get a clue.
jennifer lopez comes out with own clothesline line
the instances of where i put a and b in the above bullets were from the obvious deduction of who raised the concerns against who.
i think shes sort of open to it at first.
literally the next day i come over to her dorm as she asked.
firstly typing on mobile and sorry for poor formatting.
woman feels like she's finally ready to start receiving unsolicited vulgar messages again
man races against time to take out trash bag with widening puncture
area twitter user guesses he could muster up 140 more characters about the master race
woman adopts second cat for first one to terrorize while she at work
new edition of bible specifically mentions second amendment
i'm actually going to put more on than i put yesterday.
this was after asking everybody at my home, if i had gotten an answer that allowed an earlier pick up time i never would have asked to stay at her home.
driving is terrible unless im in a larger pick up truck with cab space, which is very expensive.
also, his schedule during the semester was much worse than the one from last year - he had to spend 2-3 entire days at the college since he was a commuter.
we both ended up not going because i wanted to put my relationship first, but me and him haven’t talked since i told him i wasn’t going to attend.
straight, gay service members looking forward to asking, telling come september
after correcting my mom's paper i gather my stuff and leave her apartment too.
democratic congressman protests trump's environmental policies by bringing endangered red wolf to state of the union as guest
so i loaded up and everyone else was heading home.
but no one asked him to pay it before the 9th.
breaking: adam got a ps4 for christmas
governor lashes out against cheap scotch, poorly rolled cigars
i understand my dad wants to teach me a lesson, but is it really the right way?
he says it's because he "never wants to work for someone again".
victoria asked me if it would make me happy if she chose new orleans for her stagette because i want to go there, or if that would step on my toes.
fast forward to 7:30p (40 minutes later than my wife would normally be home) and i shoot her a text asking if she wasn't gonna be home until after the meeting.
man has mixed feelings about $39 flight
she hates when i call her a prostitute, but that's what she is.
aita for trying to get my money back and not taking the loss?
yeah, i get that in america, nobody cares, but this is japan where things are different.
historical archives: the twenty top-most books in print at present
i do remember he told me that they didn't know what was going on but they missed me.
everyone was buzzing because i was someone new and we were all excited of moving in.
group that makes dodge truck commercials called 'creative team'
she also has a boyfriend, so a lot of the times we hang out i’m being third wheeled.
youtuber cringing while watching amateurish early, current work
fast forward to later last night and we are on facetime again, this time my fiancee is with me and my so said damn "friend" are you on your period?
we’re both girls in this story.
heartbreaking yelp review says it's just nice to eat a meal around other people
okay so i'm married and i have a crush on my coworker.
congress orders clerk to see if he has any in the back
i failed 3 classes last semester because of depression and burnout.
so tell me reddit, was i the asshole?
mom keeping tabs on coyote situation
it’s not cool.” which got me thinking - am i the asshole for trying to look out for this young girl?
epa to drop 'e,' 'p' from name
im typically a semi-high achieving student, gpa a low 3.8.
how can i try to reconciliate with him?
we had thought you wanted it temporarily”.
william barr declares mueller investigation fully exonerates members of reagan administration from iran-contra involvement
i’m obviously confused but i had to go home and i would handle it later.
wibta if i told someone that with the mentality they currently have grad school isn't for them?
at the same time, i know it's not all about material stuff, and i've broken my fair share of objects throughout my life.
activists petition cupcake kingdom to address adorable housing crisis
back to the present day, i have now basically been exiled from the group.
wibta for checking on bfs good/bad qualities?
'fly, my pretties,' says jeff bezos releasing swarm of amazon drones to hunt down nude photos
am i the asshole for calling my friend out on his shitty behavior to his supposed "best friend" from high school?
apparently they were is a super heavy argument, which has become the norm lately, and she shoved him.
in the first quarter of grades in my school, i had two pretty bad quiz grades, which brought my grade total to a 75.
i told him he should get the 3rd gen one instead of the 4th because it wouldn't make any sense to have the iphone 6 with the latest one.
rude guy unfortunately says something funny
twitter creator on iran: 'i never intended for twitter to be useful'
for the first couple of years, we did make each other feel bad about who we were, but i at least thought it got a lot better towards the end of it all.
\[cue time passing\] my roommate and i met before school started freshman year.
gallup forced to destroy defective sample group that failed to accurately forecast michigan primary
would you like to make a 5 euro donation?” “no i wouldn’t” i said.
but fuck it, the pre-cut vegetables i bought in the store tended to have some mushrooms in them.
us and our other best friend were supposed to go out to dinner for her.
pile of dirty clothes on bedroom floor starting to mix with pile of clean clothes on bedroom floor
i knew they had gone out and kind of guessed what happened and thought i was fine with it...
study finds controlled washington, d.c. wildfires crucial for restoring healthy political environment
i was comforting her telling her why i'm still dating her and why i think she's great.
just a few nights ago, we were fooling around, and at the junction where he would normally give me head, he decided not to.
crestfallen 'unite the right' organizer eats swastika cake alone after no one shows up to his rally
these kind of disease can be spotted in amniosynthesis(or amniocentesis) or different scans of genome.i know it can harm,even kill the baby,and i know i can’t understand what that means but if you spend not even 20 billion on uprading tech for genome scanning it definetely would make difference.
bourbon helps carpet salesman forget about carpeting for awhile
i pull up, she pulls up.
never spending the night of course because that’d be the end of the world for her parents.
wedding dj assures anxious man he hasn't forgotten 'build me up buttercup' request
obama delivers whispered, untelevised speech on gun control
he responded that he's dealt with racist parents in the past, and that he still liked me and was willing to face such complications.
vice presidential handlers lure cheney into traveling crate
fashion designers announce plans to wave with both hands, bow slightly
i'm no genius either, but i'm an average student with mostly 8s and 9s grades (out of 10).
parody movie script one crotch-hitting joke short of being greenlit
unsure if anything ever really happened with them, but his dad died the other day and she wants to visit him and stay w/ his family for a while to help him grieve.
he revealed his infidelity & deception to me 1.5 years ago.
she would say emotionally neglectful, or patronizing things to others and did not understand why they were hurtful.
puerto ricans without power for month can only assume this leading story across national news media
my headphones/earbuds don't even come close to the quality of them.
in major gaffe, obama forgets to dumb it down
beer aisle scanned for something asshole friend won't mock
franz ferdinand frontman shot by gavrilo princip bassist
when we leave, i reckon they'll still get more money because the rent control will reset, but if they wanted to bother evicting us, they'd have cause regardless because of the sublet.
grown man who owns bane action figure has love to give
during my explanation two other friends, one guy and one girl, joined the conversation and asked us what we were talking about.
at the same time she starts pursuing me.
in total, between work and social, she's been gone about \~60 days total in the past year.
there’s just something about her personality and importantly her body that drives me absolutely nuts and right now i can't even dream of being with someone else.
different semi-throwaway account for the sake of not unleashing a comment war with other people in the discord server, though it's not unlikely they will find it.
mom's head rotates demonically after passing sign for antique wicker furniture
bath & body works now offering free lotion tastings
furthermore, i would not have assumed that it was necessary for me to provide prior notice before doing so.
simple task of going to post office feels like weight of 10,000 boulders
and my boyfriend already believes the bird dead so what would anyone gain from knowing my cat did it??
she has class twice a week and goes to see her family two nights a week, so unless she’s sleeping somewhere else i see her when i leave for work and when i come home.
am i wrong for thinking this way?
phone-sex ad masturbated to for 0 cents a minute
i was obviously a friend and i talked with him when he wanted about things that he wanted and vise verse (normal friends stuff).
physician shoots off a few adderall prescriptions to improve yelp rating
guy totally looked like chick from behind
don’t know about the flavor, but yeah, the whole texture and shape of it… now i’ve always given my brother a hard time about his veganism.
and why is stan lee's passing such a touchy subject?
starring in hollywood blockbusters los angeles man's only claim to fame
all of them keep throwing sneak disses my way and giving snarky remarks like, 'don't take too many of your pills this time.', 'is it okay for you to drive or are you gonna attempt to murder us again.' (all of this was today).
aita for wanting my grandparents out of my house?
i was just told to "just stop fucking trolling.
hard lesson for a child to learn.
aita for calling to report a gas station employee?
towards the end of the night, his family dropped us off at a bar so they could drive home and we could hang out with some of our friends.
i asked the group near me whether anyone was hurt and what happened.
i really like taking videos & pictures of everything.
the wife also started playing in our games (there are 2 different ones), which i was really excited about because she is a good friend of mine.
apparently not to my knowledge, hes apart of one of those christian cult things in south korea, and he had to get reprimanded after his episode in the hallway.
source of jealousy not even that successful
college's new careerlink program connects students with thousands of annoyed alums
resigning house leader cantor reflects on all the accomplishments he thwarted
roommate never seems to leave apartment
overworked nation wishes it could just unplug from it all like puerto rico
you don't wait for a stop sign in the middle of the desert either, and if you do, i honestly feel sorry for you because that's just obediently pathetic.
but eventually we agreed to til she started talking about another guy i told her to cut it off and i dont want her sleeping with him again.
it has been used on me, with multiple players getting a correct town read on me; the particular case it was used on me was imo more assholey than anything i've done, the player was using all manner of gay rape language on me.
eventually she stated that she didn't want to move her stuff (a foot over), that she didn't care.
i recognize that i've made a legal commitment, and i'm responsible for that.
during shop time, hes constantly on his ipad watching this shit, to which he misses valuable info from lessons.
it's her parents telling me that they're leaving for church.
factory robot working on some of its own designs after hours
a few seconds later, he continues his lecture on how i could’ve defended myself better.
report: all things aside, american flag still looks pretty good majestically billowing in wind
and no this time i will hand them over to get the money quicker.
lifelong dream no match for first brush with adversity
reporter for high school newspaper most professional journalist in nation
underworld health organization launches initiative to improve incubus immortality rate
jump to today i receive a text on my phone “i’m sending you messages on facebook!” i didn’t reply as now i’m just kind of frustrated.
sea of hair engulfs nation after bosley physicians lose control of restoration
so i have autism and when i'm upset about an argument it can turn into an unhealthy obsession for days.
am i the asshole for being tired of christmas celebrations?
they currently live with us but had been living with his mom up until about 2 years ago.
when we checked in, i tipped the employee behind the counter $50 and asked for a complimentary room upgrade, which they provided us with (becomes relevant later).
man at gym just watching tv
touring raffi refuses to play 'shake my sillies out'
monsanto develops hardier strain of corn that yields 4 times normal litigation
man was himself for 27 minutes today
i fully respect it if i am.
we didn't have sex, but we shared a bed, sleeping together, holding hands and i did get to touch her breasts.
creative asterisk makes reader unaware of word 'fuck'
i decided to back off the conversation until i cooled down, which i am still trying to do now.
ss was caught and given adult straight time.
i'm going through a bankruptcy to eliminate my medical debt and alleviate our family of my previous debts incurred when i was going to be the breadwinner before getting sick.
is this as simple as „this is his gift now and he can do what he wants with it“ and i am being an asshole for making a deal out of this?
she thinks i should have realized that she legitimately thought i was n.
the title screen pops up and the main character is dressed like [this]( my girlfriend sees it and goes "uhh why did they dress her like that?' i told her that the style of anime is like that, there's almost always decent amounts of shirtless dudes and scantily clad women.
i would wash my feet but i'm tired when i get home and i just want to relax.
rolex unveils new diving cuckoo clock capable of working up to 3,000 meters underwater
i don't think that hosting elsewhere would be a good solution.
it’s not really a thing i can empathize with, as i never get so tired that i fall asleep while texting someone.
never order here, you won’t get your food.
brown workers put company in the black
a year later the guy who ratted on swim od'ed after christmas at his house alone, leaving behind his new son.
we didn’t make fun of her directly but it was obvious that it was aimed that her.
married almost 3 years with 2 young children.
sometimes i don't see him for months on ends and i really just wanted to spend time with my father.
in the span of maybe 1.5 seconds i contemplated what just happened and my role in it.
rahm emanuel breaks ground on new jason van dyke police academy
world wildlife fund donors receive refund after western black rhino goes extinct
she’s always tired, or sad about a movie she saw years ago.
but i encourage bf to spend time with his friends, i was the one who talked him into a party, and due to living about 45 minutes from each other he sees them as much as or even more than he sees me.
narcissist convinced total strangers would want his organs
am i the asshole for thinking the woman with the darker skin tone should have simply risen above and stayed true to the beautiful woman she is?
henry rollins laboriously explains why buying organic is punk rock
up until the past 2 weeks i have been working a full 60 hours mandatory overtime at work when i only normally work 30 hours, and between that and other responsibilities i havent had as much time to see him, but when we talk and see each other its the same passion.
taco bell's five ingredients combined in totally new way
this is a locally accepted fact that he is an shit person.
mcdonald's prints calorie count right onto meat
she told me a few weeks ago that she was depressed earlier this year, to the point of being suicidal.
now i find out we could've gotten this wedding for free?
he said he was coming but over the next 15 minutes never arrived and i decided to just take the train and leave him.
study links drinking while pregnant to being at kid rock concert
the subreddit suddenly gained massive audience and had more users than ever.
obama, romney urge americans to purchase 'the onion book of known knowledge'
but i guess its movements must have triggered my cat because she went crazy and broke out of the carrier (which she has never done before and i didn’t even think it was possible).
naughty butcher specializes in penis-shaped veal cutlet
no need to pay rent or even for laundry detergent.
this developed into a strong friendship and although he sometimes got a little too close i never went there because of his relationship and my lack of attraction.
i no longer feel guilty, i just feel like she's being childish for not even trying to make this better.
their jobs are absolutely fine but i just make more because it's software and i've worked really hard to get there.
man prowling at airport gate ready to pounce like jungle cat at first sign of boarding
but she is just mad and said i'm messed up in the head and belong in an insane asylum.
nation's aunts announce their 2018 thanksgiving boyfriend roster
the daughter wasn’t there so it made me doubt his story a little bit, but i mean if he just wanted an extra sandwich for himself for later i guess i couldn’t have blamed him.
edit 2: please read the post.
desperate gop spotted in south dakota trying to build keystone pipeline themselves
but after she rocked up and convinced everyone to go out we ended up going to this club.
fatal spaz attack claims life of area spaz
i always read the description and i also ask for modifications if any ingredients are in it that i don’t like.
staff members under new defense secretary wondering if they still get summers off
if the powerful get to charge draconian amounts for health care then i should have the same right to sell my organs for whatever i can get.
man has no idea what to do with good mood
he listed off some opposition, “i just don’t want to, it’d cost money (it’s not that expensive), etc.
45-minute phone call to credit card company goes great
white house slam dunk contest results in no slam dunks
taylor swift now dating suri cruise
this year i just wish to buy him 1, and maybe a gift card to a clothing shop, and a visa gift card for him to maybe go out and do an activity.
seeing as a has never once notified us about the arrival of her male guest or guests, i did not realize that i was expected to give fair notice to her.” never once did i state or imply her coming to the room was unreasonable.
my bf didn't want to talk to him about it because he was about as close with him as he is with me.
she tells me that she loves me and sees me as someone she would like to marry in the future.
woman sensitive about that thing on her face
&#x200b; added for clarification: &#x200b; i'm not talking about a zipper merge situation.
now my brother is really angry because this doesnt fit his pacifist believes.
my gf wanted to go to japan for her birthday.
for some reason i really don't like how he asked this.
white person waved past beeping walgreens security barrier
kim jong-un's absence leaves north korean government officials no one to agree with
tae kwon do instructor gets little thrill out of pairing off completely mismatched 8-year-olds
vicious carnivorous animals painted on baby's crib
the rest of it is covered by scholarship.
we drunk couple of beers and started making out.
i talked about everything, how my friend likes dude a and was jealous.
area woman prefers to get same advice from as many people as possible
romney celebrates florida win with all-night miami beach rave
visionary sports columnist asserts that muhammad ali's greatest fight wasn't in the ring
he has reached out to discuss it with me and his ex several times but i have blocked him because i don’t want his judgement or criticism.
12-year-old camper excited to meet girls who will torture her for rest of summer
i told her that i have anger management problems and that i was doing my best at keeping my cool.
on the other side of the ditch was a slight incline upward.
her mother gave her another phone, and she dropped it in a water pitcher (hooooow).
fast forward to a month later, we're going to the movies.
i started to have issues with our relationship potential after i went off lamotrigrine which numbed my mind.
eric cantor pressuring wife to try new political position
it’s a total turn off for me and i’m building a lot of frustration and resentment about it.
report: papa will be so very cross you've lost grandfather's hunting cap
i brought my dog outside and he went to the bathroom as expected, but i turned around and she had put the dog down (inside) and he peed on the floor.
authorities swiftly announce 1,600 washington dairy cows found mutilated, arranged in pentagram killed by blizzard
my wife had an even worse experience.
quick-lube shop masters electronic record keeping six years before medical industry
my brother’s mental health has also steadily deteriorated, he doesn’t take his meds properly and my uncle has pampered him.
wooden fruit hoping to become real fruit one day
dormant supervolcano underneath yellowstone figures now as good a time as any
which is totally not true or else i wouldn't be doing a long distance relationship with her, i love her very much but it mildly irks me that she makes such a big deal out of it edit: spelling & word choice aita for asking my girlfriend of almost 3 years for nudes?
gf and i are trying to be more independent because we have been dominating one another's lives for the last year, something i have struggled with because i want to be with her all the time.
and if he had been in my position he would definitely go for it.
i understand in hindsight that's fucked up for using his place as an escape.
silvio berlusconi swears dancer was of legal age when he paid her for sex using state money
the comment was about something that had recently happened locally and i very much intended it to come off as a blatantly ironic statement.
john boehner beheads juarez cartel member who dared muscle in on his legal weed turf
she just stormed off and left me to finish cleaning vomit (child got the bookshelves good).
my sister didn't give a fuck, until this happened.
area man will be judge of whether woman actually true baseball fan
**customer** yes **customer** can i just have the order sent to the nearby store?
and this is the second time this car has done so in the last two months!!
new smithsonian exhibit honors thousands of pets who joined workforce after owners left to fight in world war ii
other guests included my wife's son and daughter and two graduate students from the university i work at.
ryan seacrest catches up with 'captain phillips' star maersk alabama on red carpet
new energy secretary guesses he ought to read up on energy
area dad stares longingly at covered grill in backyard
she would frequently come into class on test day telling me she "had no time to study" because "took a 3-hour nap" and only had time to get here.
but he went into his room then sent me the venmo request which i thought was rude because it wasn’t accompanied by a text or just him saying that he was going to send it.
aita for the way i handled this situation?
kate middleton suffering from morning sickness
my dad wishes to have an apple watch to go with his current iphone.
shes also annoyingly insecure and will say things like “yeah if you’re still interested in hooking up” or she’ll ask me what i consider her in relation to me but i don’t like to overthink that much.
laid-off website designer designs website about being laid off
he agrees to me backing out of her project.
(nsfw for mentions of sexual habits.)
i don't want to talk to the kid but i wonder if it's worth even being up to his dad.
i slept with someone else and it was mind blowing.
his jeans and jean jacket was splashed with white crusted paint and his face was certainly one that has been in the sun for too long.
it’s been going on for about 3 months now without anyone noticing, am i the asshole or is this what this old hag deserved in her final days.
i had the impression that there was something else not being said, like maybe they just don't like him for some reason?
my current one is a cheap one and since i want to have more storage and better camera, i asked for a new one (i'm not going to tell which one but it's quite expensive).
and i feel like i literally stabbed them all in the chest.
so swim took his licks and after three years of jail, drug court, and prison swim was free and happy again.
but now she's going to go on a trip to europe with her bf and recently bought herself a tv and told me how relieved she was to finally be financially stable.
she took this to mean that she was just after their money and so she got very angry and we are only just recovering from the argument that followed now.
it's goddamn anger-inducing because you can never truly have a stable teacher, and for people who suck at math, it sucks.
doctor advises man with healthy blood pressure to really fucking let it rip
old and i was able to follow my passion and graduate from a great college just like my parents hoped and i’m now employed in a different city with a decently well-paying job with enough income to support my standard of living without any financial issues.
free toothpick transforms schlubby restaurant-goer into aloof bad boy
disney rehires director james gunn as part of company-wide push towards embracing pedophilia
american dental association recommends making your gums hurt really bad once a day
she apparently said something like "so i can't play ever again." she has removed herself from all of the group chats and from what i hear she is still very upset more than a week later.
outdoor movie guest excited to watch barely audible 'back to the future' while sitting on tree root
defense needs to be more physical, reports man slumped on couch for past 5 hours
knowing that i couldn't convince them, i said fine, but i had no intention of going.
i'll tip a little of it into the garbage when this happens.
nation's bicyclists remove helmets for head injury month
it smashed my fence, messed up my new (6 month old) siding, and punched a few holes in my new 1 year old roof (new plywood, etc..
supreme court mistakenly used belgium's constitution for last 3 rulings
'just illegalize us already,' nation's assault weapons beg
i will completely accept responsibility if need to.
hamburglar urges senate subcommittee to 'robble robble robble'
disgusted robert mueller eats 2 20-piece chicken mcnugget meals in one sitting in attempt to get into trump's mind
horrible band obviously not listening to its influences
jared kushner relieved he can finally stop anonymously buying all items ever sold from wife's clothing line
i did not mean to come off that way.
so, like a normal adult, i asked him if he could show me my phone because of the weird stuff he's been doing, just to make me feel better, and he just told me straight up "no".
weird coworker apparently likes walking two miles to work every day
she told me our friend had been dating someone the whole time.
triumph of human engineering slept through
breaking: mrs. nichols also daniel's mom
i was at a stop light in my hometown and a middle-aged man rear ended me off of my bike and destroyed my exhaust pipe which costed me 250 usd to buy.
open-ended new bill criminalizes whatever black people up to right now
so today, she mentioned something about our teacher, and i responded with an admittedly sarcastic remark.
fox news apologizes for mistaking patti labelle for aretha franklin
struggling american airlines to shutter air passenger service to focus on 'american way' magazine
i asked if she'd rather go back home to texas as a family or fly her dad out, and she chose her dad.
trump orders all flags to half-staff in honor of american killed on episode of 'blue bloods'
i learned a lot from her.
gunman kills zero at kansas city area mall
report: suddenly remembering to sit up straight once a month best way to keep back healthy into old age
i really didn't care too much for a big party, especially as we had to plan everything in a hurry in just over 2 months.
pentagon officials listen in silence as mike pence details plans for angel-guided defense weapons system
i am 16 yrs old, my brother is married to a doctor.
there are numerous other examples of her doing this to me, where she will say " i didn't say that" but an hour into the argument it will come out finally as "i didn't mean to say that, or that isn't what i meant".
they took that as me "roasting" her like typical teenage boys.
i asked what makes him think that and he finally admitted that he had hooked up with a few guys before me.
i told her i would be fine with no guns in the house because you feel they are dangerous, but cherry picking one over the other didn’t make sense.
missing white girl drives missing black girl from headlines
george lucas recalls peter mayhew ad-libbing decision to play character as nonverbal, fur-covered monster
i do my best to keep that list short, and normally english is the last thing i want to add to it.
rent is about 1/3 of my wage, and i pay for it all - she works casually and makes probably 1/4 what i make.
i couldn’t really care about this guy on the phone because i have my headphones and i’m blocking out his sound but i find it unfair how i was yelled at for being on thw phone but others aren’t.
this is something that has been burning away at me for years.
nation schedules recurring monthly benefit concert to streamline tragedy response process
pulitzer board adds giant pumpkin category
man just needs to power through another day of not being broke and unemployed
aita for being disrespectful towards my (new) teacher?
i understand that it is his money and his choice but i can't help but feel frustrated and annoyed as i feel that it is holding me back from doing what i want to do.
edit/clarification: i smoke outside the student hostel, the smell is just carried by my clothes.
seeing eye dog really blows off some steam in dog park
i always try to say "c'mon frank you can do it.
tl;dr: i couldn’t watch r rated movies until i was 17, now i get to choose if my 14 year old brother can see one, wibta if i said no?
she told me that i wasn't being helpful and that what i said came off as rude/uncaring.
sitting inside cardboard box the safest 6-year-old will feel for remainder of life
area dad wants to watch new blu-ray of 'spring breakers' by himself
"ok, sure - she hangs out with you - that her decision", etc.
9-pound infant barrels way down birth canal
people in my environment know i just want my friends to be safe.
after about one month of dating she broke up with me and told me she wasnt ready for a relationship, about a few days later she was dating a man who she had told me was just a friend while we were dating, i had convinced myself with her help (reasons why she broke up with me) that i just wasn't being a good enough boyfriend.
night out consecrated with opening exchange of high-fives
romney spends day tearfully apologizing at father's grave
basically my health goes south and i lose the license, the job, the girl, then become depressed.
the smell of greasy fries and chicken tenders is now emanating.
so my ex-girlfriend (we broke up 4 months ago, we both wanted it) invited me to her new years party.
aita for pushing my sister down the stairs?
subway employee still unnerved by high-pitched screech sandwiches make when cut in half
a buddy of mine were at a bar playing pool, when a couple of guys approached us and we decided to play doubles for buckets of beer.
poll: 56% of voters say country better off than it was 4 eons ago
18-year-old fighting in afghanistan has 9/11 explained to him by older soldier
smoking ban collapses fragile prison economy
i'm sorta lowering their guard and creating false trust that i may be a potential partner or friend when i just want to have sex.
nerf introduces line of real guns
over the next few months, things got worse.
man really letting no one have it during exit interview
i was 21 at the time and the server looked to be around my age or slightly younger.
so now he’s saying that he’s just going to commute instead of staying of winter term (biting off his nose to spite his face), which will be a way bigger hassle for him than it would be to just eat the $150 and be a five minute walk away from class.
we have a lot of the same interests and he always has fun date ideas.
i repeated this several times throughout the conversation.
so one day, i just had it.
hillary clinton to nation: 'do not fuck this up for me'
recently however, i've felt like i'm the only one starting and maintaining the conversation.
two or three of them would also meet up to work on it without saying anything to me or during a time they knew i couldn’t meet because of work.
so i had to go outside and scrape off my car and didn't even have time to let it run a little bit before they had the house locked up and were telling me goodbye.
&#x200b; last weekend i bumped into her by coincidence at the mall when she was out with friends and i begged her to give me a second chance and i even had my friend tell her how she made me cry and cut myself and that i was really sorry.
been married almost 10 years, the cat is 15.
rising income inequality causing wealthy americans to take on second sailboat
the asshole meta is neither common or uncommon.
their relationship started because he kissed her and called her "his girlfriend", a day later his father died and she's still with him after 1 1/2 years because she just couldn't get it over her heart to finish the relationship and she had no other boys to care about so she just suck with it.
new co-worker seems like nice enough guy
45-year-old fails to make someone very happy one day
there are people at all other corners respecting the crossing guard guidance.
she was also the one trying to initiate the whole sexual thing.
palin brushing up on foreign policy at epcot
man not even the hot kind
my question is if i am the asshole for reserving a dinner i cannot afford (unknowingly) and putting everyone in an uncomfortable position?
report: happiness does not measurably increase based on zipline ownership once family owns 7 ziplines
there are a million other things that i could list that irritate me about her, but the tl;dr is that she's rude, ungrateful, and lacks self-awareness.
i wanna preface this by saying that 1.
friend has some jerky in clear, unlabeled bag for you to try
about 2 years ago i stopped all communication with my ex best friend - a guy i was friends with for 10+ years.
friend who's going through difficult emotional time carefully avoided
now i dont expect that from people but i do expect some consideration for my feelings.
i see you have recently had a self install kit and i need to get into your back yard to finalize everything.
so we went to the same old nearby destination we've been to since we were teens.
bush dies peacefully in his sleep
aita for eating all of my gf’s cheez-its?
4th: the only seat left was next to my mum (his wife) and if it were me i’d much rather sit next to my so than at the head of the table trying to view from my dads side: i am finding it difficult to view from his side (hence the post).
she spends the day with him, he fights sleep but will usually nap for an hour or two at a time.
to my knowledge she works in the shop part time.
ad campaign for new $20 bill a success
full use of both rear legs, no lasting issues with lungs or anything.
with that in mind, wibta if i told my friend that he's lazy and shouldn't be in grad school until he starts taking learning seriously?
so for the past 6 years i have been best friends with this girl.
i agree with this on the one hand but i also think it's a dangerous precedent to set.
there are definitely some things at the park that pissed me off, too.
martin luther king bust first thing to go, romney adviser quietly thinking
he od’ed twice that i know of but since we live so far apart i was only present during the first one which occurred shortly after the above events.
i told her we can't control what we think is funny because we're all human.
my 3 siblings all have 6 figure incomes and were equally annoyed at this because it is exhausting to watch a doctor who sometimes drops $1000 a week on designer baby clothes for one of the grand kids suddenly claim they are in poverty.
aita for not wanting to pay for someone's gas?
her heart was in the right place, but she doesn't know what i'd want like my friends do.
i’ve been told this behavior on my part is the right thing, this is taking charge, this is being a leader.
i am asking because he is being very hard on himself for trusting me having guy friends and he says he shouldn't of trusted me and he hates himself for it.
i sincerely care about her son because i was in a terrible place my sophomore year, and i feel a certain personal responsibility.
polar opposites but they make it work.
report: shit, last night was trash night
yeah it sucks for both of us but don't be mad at me.
or like a real trip where we leave the country.
aita for saying yes when my bestfriend asked me to cheat on her boyfriend with her?
we both smoked weed every once in a while but at least on my end it was maybe once every couple months anyways flash forward to about a year ago.
we found out 2 years ago my wife is gluten intolerant, she has celiac's desease and gets very ill if she ingests gluten.
right to own handheld device that shoots deadly metal pellets at high speed worth all of this
yup, now that i did not measure up i had turned into her full blown emotional tampon.
hence, if one person shakes the desk, the whole row is shaken.
she told me she wasn’t gonna hear it from me too.
wheelchair-bound student would have preferred to sit out pep rally
aita for staying in my home after separation and making wife move out.
stephen miller furious at propublica for only releasing 7-minute recording of immigrant children sobbing
i’m a girl, but i only hang out with guys.
however, when i look for gifts for my father, or my grandfather, etc., i look for something that they and i can use.
we were planning on meeting sometime soon (she lives around 100miles away from me) so we sorted our schedules out and she bought a train ticket to visit me for three days.
there were 7 of us and 4 of us got our bills while the other three stayed behind.
she told me basically what i’m shocked to think they’re teaching children that age and then she showed me a condom that was given to her.
you pretended not to know what i was talking about which really fucking hurt and then jsut now, got so fucking angry at my that it quite literally made me even more upset.
report: it apparently time in conversation to smile, laugh
area boyfriend much nicer before sex
aita if i don't like the way he asked a question, and i want to tell him why it's rude to invite himself over?
**aita questions**: 1) my wife was frustrated with me for returning to work earlier than she wanted me to.
most disgusting towel spends final days relegated to role as bath mat
voters clamoring to know if female political candidate a mother first
she said i made her sound like she wanted me and i publicly rejected her.
virulent strain of soy flu traced to single tofurkey
i asked my mom (politely) to ask them for receipts to get them returned so i could buy something else and my mom all of a sudden lost it.
to cheat on multiple women and stick around at this school just to sleep with girls and be dishonest is gross.
man finds self back at porn store again
the car was pulled forward just far enough for the back bumper to barely clear the intersection.
server unbelievably touched to be asked own opinion on whether enchiladas or burger better choice
she didn't even let me reply.
of course, i haven't done it and it's just a *thought*, but i can't help but just think about it.
so we had this argument about dark humor.
i feel bad for taking it but i knew we probably would have a fight last a couple of weeks and i wanted to play in the meantime.
'you did great!' terrified personal assistant tells clint eastwood
we had looked at rings together a few months ago and he got me exactly what i said i didn't like.
in attempt to jump-start economy, obama declares tuesdays ladies' night
we have our retirement accounts, our long-term savings, and our short-term savings.
'going steady' in your words.** **e) if we are regressing to casual dating, i would like to resume seeing other people.
she said, "i was working at the club at a party [back in july] and offered you a drink.
rescued baby bird wearing out welcome
no nice things about how much he loves me.
gold bond spokesman grudgingly admits it makes your balls tingle
for example,one dose of spinraza-medicine for sma patients- contains literally 7-8 drop of cure,and it costs estimatedly 140.000$.
pornography-desensitized populace demands new orifice to look at
i felt like 1 day out of all of that time could have been doable.
dating for 6 months, we hit it off really quickly.
this guy has been seeing my mom for months, maybe even longer, and none of us have known.
woman toys with idea of getting sister something nice they can do together as gift before settling on candle
i go and makes everyone coffee but my sister was eating her chips and accidently drops salt in my coffee and it tastes disgusting.
this is going to be a little long, and while i don't really think my ex is the asshole, i do think he's being kinda dumb.
lindsay wagner to star in anything offered her
new congressional intern disillusioned with politics and democracy in record 6 minutes, 41 seconds
i could tell she was pissed off because we all (especially me) bailed on clubbing.
fantasy novel not holding back on criticisms of dwarvish culture
jerry always willing to pick up overtime
private eye's office ransacked for fourth time this month
lax petsmart background check allows deranged gerbil to slip through the cracks
at my college, pretty much everyone juuls/vapes/smokes cigs/dips.
i took a gap semester to find a job and make some money to help with post secondary.
i have never been in an accident i caused before this.
aita eating her expired food without asking?
high school kicker finds it helpful to imagine football as object that needs to be kicked through goal posts in order to gain points
aita for not wanting to have girls as friends unless it's something more?
i can't count how many times i've been scratched or bitten by a cat for no other reason than i dared to go near it.
i do see how i was being petty in a sense by using the argument “it’s only fair” but that was because she gave me no reason why the rifle was more dangerous to keep in a house then a handgun.
study links clinical depression to getting dunked on
some more cruel stuff was said.
hungover michelle obama packs leftover inaugural ball hors d'oeuvres into sasha's lunch box
she got 5 offers in a week, and got a great job.
third desperate, unsolicited email to tenuous business contact should do the trick
when her sister called around 1:30, i tried to convince her not to pick up and keep going, so she assumes i did the same with the other calls she received.
wibta if i end a relationship with no explanation
it kinda took me by surprise that she got so mad, though.
u.s. census announces those people will be majority by 2043
i’ve only met the guy once; he seemed… fine, from the one interaction i had with him.
apparently i don't know what hanging out means because i thought that meant she just needed time.
7.1 billion demonstrate in favor of global warming
my neighbor saw me try to walk away from the mess and called me out.
she was very friendly, and i thought she was interested too.
my life has completely turned around since i found my faith.
i'll try to summarize best i can.
i wasn't expecting him to say 8/10, but it kind of shocked me, as all my previous boyfriends have spoken to me as though i was the most beautiful woman and called me 10/10.
hopefully this helps anyone in the same position in future.
couple on verge of breaking up has mind-blowing aquarium visit
got tired of him after she dumped her first bf finally, then ghosted the work guy who was now confused how this hot girl that flirted with him yesterday now won't even face him (same as mike and me i).
i confided i was upset because i felt like he wasn't trying to think of any options on how to fix our relationship.
he got really mad at me for this, even though he clearly did very shitty thing to do to his best friend at that party.
eccentric man introduces new sweater to closet pals colonel coat and captain blazer
heat wave doesn't bother local contrarian
curly fry inventor strikes out with curly veal
they said they needed zero notice and to make sure they leave “at a reasonable hour”.
he also mistreats me during sex.
it kinda smelled like play-doh, too.
ok, so why not just say that instead of making it seem like everything i said was so wrong that you couldn't decipher it?
mom leaves sweet little note for sixth-grader in add prescription bottle
office disgusted by two coworkers getting all chummy with each other
eric trump aims laser pointer at don jr. while flicking lights on and off to erase memory of russia meeting
dad suggests arriving at airport 14 hours early
we offered money, he said no, however asked us not to smoke on it.
kerry's face droops with joy over latest polls
self-deprecating man just scratching surface of how pathetic he actually is
coroner's report: john denver had sunshine on shoulders at time of crash
he's had one other person stay in the room--that we both knew well--before he found out that she had been lying to him about some stuff.
embarrassed brett kavanaugh can't believe he wore handmaid costume on same day as protesters
and the offending party is a guy named (let's say tony) who at the time i knew for 2 years.
&#x200b; both of them tie out their dogs four \*hours\* at a time, right next to my fence.
now, i want my other things back from her, including two 8gb ram sticks, a headset, the keyboard/mouse i had lent her, and some clothes i had kept there in case i stayed the night.
romney takes in more money than obama for 612th consecutive month
when i get there, they're arguing with the bouncer.
new york city announces subway just for amazon employees now
i also hate how the vibe of the squad changes when we play with her.
my boyfriend has always been controlling and asking me about what i'm doing, but since that it's been really rising up.
it sounds horrible but it wasn't that bad.
the day came and he asked where i would like to meet up.
frantic biden searching dog shelter for bo look-alike
jeff sessions argues family separations only happening because current law doesn't allow him to strangle immigrants with bare hands
weird couple has greatest sex of their lives after announcement of disney-lucasfilm merger
bush proud u.s. economic woes can still depress world markets
after about 30 minutes it got a little busy and and after getting through a group of customers i ask if i can go and she gets mad at me for "never finishing my shifts and am not being helpful when it gets busier".
i will probably end up apologizing i just want to know if i am a asshole in this case.
i guess that’s where the majority of complaints came from.
red lobster celebrates return of annual all-you-can-eat krill fest
long story short, i take the train to commute to work in the morning.
glaad to honor any mainstream film that gets one thing right about being gay
karen (ex's name for the story), my dog, and i were driving early in the morning to a hiking trail in pasadena, california.
i dread their company and it mentally taxes me.
world health organization releases top 10 most fucked up causes of death
**customer** i want the items, they were on sale.
concerned parents demand removal of arsenic from periodic table of elements
i put the cat in the carrier and went to take care of the bird.
area man gets terrible creative juices flowing
the spot he proposed to me was on snapchat days before (which is when i discovered another lie because when i was crying in the fall he told me he had it planned).
good tips to stand by - carry febreeze, blankets for bodies, and containers.
in effect my roommates ended up shouldering a massive bill and my friend and i’s dinner/tab.
alabama forced to release thousands of sex offenders after inmates deny charges
her main argument is that i'm not saving for "us" (we're planning to buy our own flat) and that she doesn't have a say on our finances.
she only took a tiny bit out, and i don't think it was noticeable.
she threw her heavy ass, full as pencil box and threw it onto the keyboard and even bumped into my right hand (dominant) whilst she was doing all this.
we are both 20 with full time jobs but she doesn't have her drivers license yet.
surgeon general recommends twisting head far enough until you hear little pop
i'm not sure exactly what the deal is.
boyfriend plans magical evening down to first detail
this year i think she is at her heaviest.
now i can’t see either of them in the same way and i just feel very little respect for either of them.
what made things worst is there were no stagette games planned, no penis cake, not much of anything.
at dinner, i brought all my concerns to her about how i am basically unhappy with her appearance right now, as well as providing motivation for her exercise and eating healthier.
huckabee decries obamacare's failure to help slow, cross-eyed cousin who got kicked by mule
macaulay culkin hoping some 'funny or die' writer comes up with video idea for him
i realized i would be the only support system when i asked him to move in.
doctors to exercising seniors: don't bother
new hampshire legislature passes bill naming fentanyl state opiate
&#x200b; my parents have heard me talk about three different boyfriends already, and they've expressed disapproval that i've dated "so many people." i know my parents love me and want the best for me, but i feel uncomfortable talking about personal things, like my love life, with them, especially when they always seem to make these sorts of passive-aggressive comments.
'en passant,' whispers mueller as he knocks another pawn off chessboard in shadowy, dimly lit office
man with no real-life career goals knows exact job he'd want in harry potter universe
she's barely eighteen and she's already looking to settle down.
fantasy football star confident he can make leap to general manager of nfl team
plo claims responsibility for bombing of krippendorf's tribe
after already being upset and hearing my wife’s story, i went down to the front desk to complain while she finished getting ready.
pedestrian crossing street makes sure to look at approaching car so driver will feel more guilty if they run him over
i got back to them to clarify things.
the truth is, i almost always only want a hook-up (as i am very busy this time of year), but none of them want it/want to see where things go.
gerber recalls 60,000 jars of baby poison
on the other side, it logically doesn't make sense to move out when i'm able to put so much away in savings and take advantage of an opportunity that few people find themselves in.
okay, so i am designated a shelf in the refrigerator.
missing mount everest climbers feared buried under avalanche of dead mount everest climbers
we're still married but i'm not sure why anymore.
area man has always had soft spot for puck
the plan was for us 2 to go to an insect museum, and meet our trip-sitter(t)there.
vacation-bound rush limbaugh to do nothing but golf and respect minorities for 2 weeks
first kid to wake up at slumber party gets exclusive look at friend's mom's morning routine
frustrated rahm emanuel torn between addressing chicago's shootings, just fucking going for nation's murder capital
nation's pansies announce plan to slowly acclimate to pool
trump maps out plan for first 100 days of not conceding election
am i the only person that thinks it's rude and disrespectful to interrupts someone who is speaking?
aita for sending a guy home after bringing him home from the club
the thing with him is that he's completely fine with specific dogs, and loses his mind with others.
wibta if i ate my boyfriends chocolate bar?
aita for not giving up my handicapped seat at the theater to a person with a neck brace
so it’s not like he’s holding out hope that it will come back.
she will go over there at odd hours of the day, most recent one that got me was when she left at 8pm said she would only be an hour and come 10 11 pm here she is finally just leaving there house.
basically i have a friend who looks pretty weird, and one of my friends made a photoshop meme of him.
i mean, i’ve never even heard anything related to pizza in england or germany.
report: it would probably be nice having friends
i just want him to be shitty forever because if he changes that means that his life might get better and i want his life to be ruined by him the way he's ruined it the past 35 years.
&#x200b; ps: my girlfriend knows that i am posting this because i am worried that i am manipulative, and she will be reading the comments too.
he invited me to his party on new years eve and i was excited to come.
she cried for about an hour and now wife isn’t speaking to me (but daughter is).
anyway, here’s where it started: she would send me messages telling me that she wanted me to put in more effort if we were gonna continue to see each other.
i was able to get over this once we both entered the venue and we're able to enjoy some of the music being played.
georgia election worker assures black man ballot scanner supposed to sound like shredder
guy: what do you mean "what am i doing" it's a green light you weren't moving!
aita for being upset with my partner after something he said that upset me, but now he's hurt that i brought it up again?
i woke up because the three stooges mentioned above were trying to wake up dopey, who remained deeply passed out.
so, as stated before, family is very important to all of us 5 kids.
i gave him a shortened explanation of our experience and asked if there’s anything more that they could do for us.
then you turned around and dropped $2500 on them.
this made me upset quite a lot because i feared for her safety.
$20 bill slowly but surely wriggling free from back pocket
mister rogers' neighborhood gerrymandered to serve king friday's make-believe agenda
area mom adds ankle weights to already bizarre workout routine
ringo starr announces 26th beatles album with new backing band
our relationship was kinda finished here, as far as i was concerned.
man eating mcchicken sandwich can tell mcdonald's switched up antibiotics
i get home from work about 6:30, we fix dinner (sometime me and sometimes her) after dinner i take over daddy duties for both the kids so wife can rest and gets a break and she goes to the bedroom and either does some laundry or lays in bed, sometimes she sleeps sometimes not.
considering i have to speak for matches on end, i can’t afford to scream or yell.
aita if i were to report my suitemates?
siblings quietly relieved oldest brother setting bar so low
gop attacks christine blasey ford for never coming forward to testify
if he’s not abusing or molesting his daughter then i would at least bet he has guns and nazi memorabilia and other scary shit that maybe they found.
text a little bit that night and over the next couple days.
this is the exchange i (43 m) find on an old cell phone of my girl (46f).
am i an asshole for being angry that he's up and left all of his good friends of many years?
jaws of death used to stuff woman into burning car
scientists discover new species of reptile deep within amazonian bulldozer treads
my first drink wasn't until college, and i only started smoking weed a few years after i graduated.
i will also mention he survived cancer, so thats also there for making me the morally wrong one.
i'm a recovering alcoholic for starters.
i guess iphones have this feature that if you call 911, they notify your emergency contact and send them your location.
he won’t answer the door the few times i’ve gone down there to talk to him like a polite adult.
she keeps saying that what i did was wrong and she's calling me a psychopath and all of these things.
at the end of the class, i cratered and offered a sincere apology for my apparently shitty behavior.
but obviously law school is very difficult under the best of circumstances and it seems absolutely out of the question that she would get pregnant/raise a newborn while trying to go through this rigorous schooling.
there is something wrong with the dog but she does not seem to be in pain.
video game boss thinking he should get big glowing weak spot on back checked out
as i said before, i \*do not\* have time for unnecessary rudeness, bullshit, or drama.
now obviously while you are pregnant that is perfectly fine.
to b honest i think its best if i just ignore her until she gets the hint, even when she approaches me in public.
aita for helping my best friend to cheat on her boyfriend?
keynote speaker enlightens entire generation with theme that world is changing
they let me out because i didn't want to go to rehab or anything.
dinner went well and she wanted to go back to my place and see my condo and one thing led to another and we ended up having sex, honestly it was amazing i've wanted to get with her for years and it finally happened.
nra calls for department of education to provide every student with body bag
woke up to an apology from her and a message from him calling me disgusting a perv just some fuccboi that wanted to fuck his girl as soon as she wanted it.
guilt-ridden stacey abrams wondering when she should tell democrats that she lost her election
senate passes blame by vote of 91-8
we ate dinner, looked around and decided to leave.
i'm not going to make them gifts either, i suck at making gifts, no one wants a fucking macaroni sculpture with glitter glued on it as a gift.
i know he has already done some criminal shit, but the only thing our police cares about is drugs, so would it be wrong to ruin his life by planting drugs on him?
they admitted then they had followed me but lost me from being so far behind.
the mortgage may fall slightly more to him, especially as by that time we'll hopefully be starting a family and give my lower income it will make sense for me to stay home more than him.
myrtle beach resident refuses to evacuate from family's ancestral ron jon surf shop
also, the dress we picked is in sale now at 30$ off, making the dress 170.
i asked her to help me buy a stove, because we literally don’t have one.
report: majority of mothers would drop kids off at warehouse called 'fun zone' for hour of free time, no questions asked
there were times that he seemed to be either drilling her gender into his head or showing me he could get it right by unnecessarily mentioning her gender to her.
cnn headline news reporter unafraid to face the cold, hard factoids
b kept telling me, "you're encouraging him!" but i said "it's funny!" then b said "maybe the first ten thousand times." c doesn't even care; nothing gets to him; he plays along with them, and he makes funny jokes back at us.
sickly, starving rhino not as fun to hunt
woman with low self-esteem boosts area man's self-esteem
so around a month ago, my friend started dating this guy.
but i don't want to hurt her, especially not since this is my 3rd or 4th close call with her, but i don't want to date her, even though she, according to everyone who knows me and her, is really, really in love, like not just up for sex, or crushing, but a year long thing.
&#x200b; so reddit, am i the asshole?
long story short, she was hostile throughout the whole conversation and she ended up saying that she knew for sure for the last 3 years at least.
seating chart revised to put problem senators up front
i asked for an open relationship and he refused, and will not offer any other alternatives on how to solve this relationship issue, as i see myself unable to survive in a long term relationship without a sexual spark.
my gf and i can't have sex that often, maybe twice or three times per month, once per week if we are pretty lucky, so we have to plan the day we will do it in advance.
she's started bringing dead animals on the porch and just leaving them.
i think it is wasting everyone times and make you look lazy.
roommate and i had a deal, we take turns buying crates of water and we share each other's water that way.
area child disappointed to learn parents' love unconditional
report: 40,000 people died on ferris wheels this summer
mudslide kind of fun until the dying part
m stated they “will not be calling out specific individuals or who said what in order to keep things civil” then proceeded to only mention me by name.
(i also mentioned how he didn't deserve students giving up their time to come study at his school since he has no respect for us and how if it weren't for us students, he would have no job).
so me and this girl were really close.
now it is important to note that the bus stop where i grab my bus to go home is right opposite the restaurant.
i (16) was sitting in my parents room playing spider-man ps4 after finishing my homework, and my dad started poking me in the ribs, i asked him to stop he continue and i continued to protest, so i swung at him and hit him in the face.
the caption reads something to the effect of "when i get an email being asked a question on the syllabus." for people saying it doesn't effect anyone/me, i'm not so sure.
aita for 'sabotaging' my co-intern's project
am i the asshole for not being completely quiet at night?
&#x200b; my friend is a very loving and caring person, but this last year she's gone through some hard times.
criminal mad that man called the cops on him
beyoncé quickly releases new song about how buying tidal subscription most empowering thing a woman can do
as i stayed silent the 2nd period, i was making jokes and most of them chuckled.
i'm 16 years old (high school junior), and have always been what i like to call a "bipolar extrovert", where i'm super social at school and love being surrounded by people, but when i get home, i'm just exhausted and want to spend the whole day left to my own devices.
second amendment a little creeped out by how obsessed americans are with it
just to clarify, this is my place, i covered all expences seeing the are small (bought the place and its all paid), and money wasnt an issue.
she asked who she did the work (decorating and whatnot) for if not for me and my siblings.
queen elizabeth ii to wed longtime partner following passage of gay marriage bill
(i'm sorry for my bad english and grammar, english isn't my first language) (i also haven't been on reddit in about a year so this may or may not still be a problem) aita for not liking when people post the same image on separate subreddits
he explained that he isn't doing anything (which anyone would say whether they were cheating or not, and he has lied in the past) and that it just makes him uncomfortable.
she called back, i said i couldn't talk to her at the moment, that i was happy for her win and didn't want to ruin it.
i walk down the entire length of the road (about 5 min) and still don't see our car, so i decide to text her again.
i was leaving early one night but told ted to help himself.
now, i messaged my teacher and explained the situation and asked to be forgiven being about 20 minutes late to class every day, since i'd take the bus at 12:10 and be at school at 12:55.
david blaine stunt to push public's endurance to limit
and she was okay, but i couldn’t see being her girlfriend.
i plan on going back friday night to put my foot down.
not even a "thanks babe." just seriously nothing at all.
&#x200b; so husband and i were over at his parents for christmas.
scientists working to harness energy produced by intense fracking debates
embattled rove seeks asylum in scarborough country
i feel as if my grieving the past relationship has barely even started, and that half of the time i’m still in denial phase.
man knows exactly which asshole got him sick
the day after i got back from home for the holidays i asked him if he talked to our landlord yet.
we stayed fuck buddies for another two weeks until she told me she didn't want to do it anymore, and i said that was fine.
i knew by now what "friends" meant to her given the context she used it in last time to spite me.
local man almost finished collecting fantasy football winnings from 2005
mike pence asks waiter to remove mrs. butterworth from table until wife arrives
terrible fucking taste sweeps teen choice awards
i had never had a problem with zara but i thought on tuesday she had been a bit unjustifiably annoyed with joe and it had made me slightly weary of her.
tldr; wasn't okay with my friend's drug use, talked bad about her to all of our friends to try and get them to push her away aita for asking my friends to side with me when another friend blocked me because i didn't approve her drug usage?
okay so i’ve taken my son (2indec) to a soft play area near me, i’m doing the usual walking round following his lead as he’s so excited and wants to play with everything all at once, on the first round i noticed a little girl (quite obviously about 6 months younger than my son) standing around crying, looking lost, scared and confused.
during his last set, i was finishing up some curls and heard that annoying loud breathing sound.
plus, he has some issue with the bank which i don't fully know about, but basically he can't have anything in his name, not a car, not a house, because of an old big debt.
she said i was rude and had a superiority complex, claiming that i thought i was better than everyone else in the class.
fireflies almost salvage man's shitty day
(i am not trying to destroy my ears, i think the speakers bass vibrate the wall, across the living room, to my roommates room, something weird about resonance and paper thin walls and a finicky roommate about noise?) &#x200b; edit 2: i talked to the roommate in question, and got on good terms with him.
my sister and mother seemed to be surprised and disappointed i didn't spill it sooner with them, but i told them it was best to leave it for a good moment.
michael jackson estate questions why accusers only coming forward steadily since early 1990s
alderman has that zoning dream again
im not telling her she cant talk about sean right in front of me, im just saying its kinda rude.
my friend was throwing a party and invited me.
entomologists retract new spider species discovery after determining it actually just clump of dust, hair
i didn’t think it was that big of an ask as we do have more sensitive people at work and i was thinking in his best interest.
it was posted on facebook for everyone to see, even.
she says im scummy for this.
she confronted me about it back in like march or april, and we sorted it out.
he was so taken aback, he didn't know what to do...so he dropped his weights and proceeded to walk over to the security desk to report my lashing out.
mind you i have to pull out while i wear a condom that is coated in spermicide.
vacationing bush accepts republican nomination via live satellite feed
matt damon appears fully nude for first time in local man's imagination
these posts were all things that weren't true and they were things that i would never do.
u.s. claims drone was minding own business on its way to church when iran attacked it out of nowhere
followed my father’s footsteps and joined the blue collar company that he works for.
aita for not going to the staff party?
report: bananas still most popular fruit for pretending to receive phone call
tree outside window upset man just changed channel
butterfly on ankle marks passage into womanhood
bausch & lomb introduces line of aviator contacts
for all i know he is just trying to start drama.
he told me he didnt want to throw away what we have, cause what we have works and that hes happy but that he just needed to tell me what was on his mind.
i had told her before that i wasn't looking for anything serious, but whatever happens, happens ya know.
tbh i might have annoyed him before but not this much and i just don’t think that i annoyed him as much as he did to me aita for hitting a kid in my school after he verbally bullied me?
gaunt, hollow-eyed big bird enters sixth day of hunger strike against proposed trump budget
was i wrong to say something to her about this?
though it hurt to talk through and to admit i was in the wrong, i am glad i talked to her about it.
so am i the asshole for being reluctant to pay my brothers extra money because a previously thought property price was incorrect?
overall, i'd say it's within casual flirting territory, but not too deep.
so when swim sees a facebook post being all sweet about this informant and how sad it was he taken so early and how he missed him and what not.
flash forward a week or two and she tells not only me, but all of my friends that she's blocking us all, and doesn't wish to be friends with people who aren't going to side with her choices no matter what, referring to us all as "acquaintances".
about two hours beforehand he called me "asking" if a mutual acquaintance could join us.
i just feel disrespected, as i know my parents wouldn't do the same to my girlfriend.
fortunately, the greenhouse was covered on insurance, and we got another one built back up in its place.
suggesting that he didn't want to bring attention to himself.
scientists put sleep-inducing power of agribusiness today into pill
stanford students admit it was pretty obvious billionaire's dog didn't get in by itself
i did state i would still like to test the possibility, but i understood if she didn't want that.
she moved far away to do that (which i encouraged) and she's been asking me to move with her, but i don't want to lose my financial independence by moving before i have a job.
routine drunk-driving trip turns tragic for five local teens
man dying from cancer spends last good day on phone with insurance company
she’s my partner only in the gaming sense.
earth ranked number one party planet
where japanese sometimes get exhausted by germans insisting on their opinion, germans sometimes get exhausted by the fact that the japanese "don't have a opinion".
bus-stop ad has more legal protections than average citizen
your republican friend to explain why paul ryan is great choice
wibta if i decided to make panhandling people earn my help?
area man thinks movie he saw should have been nominated
terrifying server whole-heartedly cares about guests' dining experience
that being said, i have a very broad humor and will laugh and enjoy almost any joke.
pope francis beats confession out of uncooperative catholic
study: majority of new marine life species now discovered while cleaning oil spills
mspaint diagram: [ aita for cutting traffic on the shoulder to get gas?
pt liked to accentuate this fact by yelling out “foul!” every other second.
er doctor excitedly tells wife he got to use shock paddle thing today
technophile has coolest junk drawer ever
i'm at the end of my powers here.
chris tucker to focus attention on smaller, more personal rush hour projects
now i've never been jealous in my life and if i wasn't told what was going on i may not have noticed, but i wasn't going to stand there and have the 2 of us be humiliated by a bunch of toothless neanderthals.
the smaller one bounced up to the button and pressed it excitedly, and after a moment said "i don't smell anything." in a true moment of (what i consider genius), i told him "its not a very strong smell, press it again and sniff real hard".
we were supposed to be moving into our own flat together he came up with all his stuff and moved in tho after a week i told him i didn't love him and didn't want to be with him any more.
aging mount st. helens starting to think erupting days are behind it
new spiritually correct doll lets children show where and how jesus touched them
had the rep been at risk of getting a deduction, i would not have pulled that stunt.
i basically acted like a clingy baby after the break up and have felt terrible about how i acted for a long time now.
here's where the problem came in.
lots of words were said after that.
nobody knows what third light switch does
aita for hating them for not allowing me to just stay for an hour or two?
tl;dr as i was joining a line in a drive thru a car cut me off and then about a minute later a second car attempted to do the same thing except this time i didn't budge and after we inched forward back and forth about 12 times i hit her car going less than 3 mph that dented her car.
man finally able to forgive self for terrible mistake he made 2 seconds ago
sorry for bad formatting and whatever.
anyways it’s not like i said it with intention to be rude there’s a difference between “unremove my post i broke no rules” as opposed to “you better unremove my post” moderator: i don’t see where you said please you said “unremove my post” me: haha never mind guy forget it then.
jack palance still dead at 87
aita for been pissed off with my now ex girlfriend because i worked unpaid to see her more despite her not asking me to?
off to new years eve now :) peace!
expectant parents throw some values together at last minute
ok so this lecturer basically groomed me over the course of a year which led to sex and it kind of messed me up.
i absolutely don't have anything against people who choose to stay sober, but kelly had told us stories about her recently getting drunk (without any men present) so i knew that she wasn't fully abstaining from it.
wibta for disregarding a bridesmaids demands?
grandmother talking big game about being alive next year
bodybuilder can't believe he forgot to develop right arm
laptop really getting off from having both usb ports stuffed
my mom has seldom hesitated to ask for concessions on account of her health problems.
first off, this all happened about three months ago.
so i dated my ex for around two years (26m/24f).
'the last jedi' footage reveals chewbacca balding since 'the force awakens'
maybe for some this would be simple, but i'm not the best at this class so it took me a long time to figure out the logic behind the game, and it wasn't fully functional until the day before it was due.
he’s understanding and tells me to drink some water and rest.
brief ceremony marks delivery boy's passage into delivery manhood
vatican employees unable to relax at holiday party with pope around
my roommate can bang whomever he wants.
aita for completely losing interest in her, and planning to stop talking to her
nra criticizes video game makers for downplaying portrayal of euphoric rush felt watching light leave enemy's eyes
aita for being mad at my friend for breaking almost every object she has?
i feel guilty now, for yelling at her and grounding her, because i feel she does have a point—she’s far from being a child.
he has repeatedly said that he would play with us more often when we talked to him less during school.
jay inslee recalls decision to run for president after 5 teens from across globe pressed enchanted rings together to call him into existence
so with quick thinking i thought "well i will just quick go into the girl's room, take some paper towels and leave", i thought it was a solid plan.
seriously, i just wanted my mower back since he couldn’t accept that his child was just as involved in my daughters act as he was.
he made it clear that my dog wasn't allowed to come (friendly/clean 7kg miniature schnauzer).
thomas jefferson impersonator reenacts famous cell phone shouting match with wife
report: majority of statements now prefaced by phrase 'in light of recent events'
another pufferfish dies bitter and friendless
barber just latest in string of humans to feign interest in what area man says
that’s it, self explanatory, i am deathly afraid of planes and flying and being in the air.
american medical association changes stance on self-immolation
i am a woman who works in a predominantly male company.
i recently made a meme that blew up on reddit.
it’s like the ultimate neutral food.
he made me think it was somehow something that i did or how i acted that warranted him to treat me this way.
should i talk to her about it?
nation's financial advisors recommend capturing magical creature that grants wishes
if you want to skip the backstory: the current issue starts at “the current problem”.
in response to this and after consultation with my flatmates, i've decided i will not be having my weekly telephone call with my mother this evening.
'expendables 3' cast requests to be paid in steroids, meat
&#x200b; tl;dr : aunt thinks that dark humor is discriminatory, i disagreed.
intellectual property rights as fleeting as the scent of jasmine, mayfly's wing in autumn
symphony orchestra simply cannot wait for collaboration with john mellencamp
we haven't been facebook friends since a few months after the breakup and i deleted the last two connections on facebook recently when a photo she was tagged in popped up on my feed even though i've blocked her.
area man gets in one last night of sex before breakup
i tried to be her friend at the beginning of the semester, asking if she’d like to come to the university gardens, campus events, or have lunch.
(i have even checked this with them after this incident) now to the aita bit, this week a lecturer here's me say one of these jokes.
she's anxious af and makes everyone else around her jumpy with her annoying behaviour.
i'm in college and was studying frequently with her.
she tells me that my friends “are dirt bags no offense”.
i'm in the us and it's legal in my state, however i am under the age.
aliens arrive late: 'sorry, hope nobody's killed themselves yet,' say aliens
this i admit was kind of petty, though i didn't curse or raise my voice.
study: 90% of workplace injuries caused by bare-knuckle boxing
white house: 'this is not the geologic era to debate gun control'
area cow doesn't suspect a thing
architect asks self how le corbusier would have designed this strip mall
catholic teens still coming down after excitement of world youth day
for what concerns the giving portion, i am really good at it ( at least for what concerns my presents to her ) while she's quite terrible.
uninsured man hopes his symptoms diagnosed this week on house
inverted bob added to supercuts arctic vault where hairstyles preserved for future generations
she once kicked me in the throat and when i ran inside choking and crying, she was the one comforted because she was upset about it.
'support small business' demands sign in window of boutique open five hours a day, three days a week
area man much happier, more relaxed since joining cult
i've begun feeling a little frustrated sometimes when we go weeks without doing anything, meanwhile i see everyone else our age having sex daily and doing all kinds of things.
i would be happy to shop with you if you want, and deliver like last year.” brother, “yeah, you should actually help her fill out paperwork for an organization.
i feel very strongly about this, but i know that i might be in the wrong.
right now is a very stressful time for both of us, as it is with most people our age and i she has told me many times that i am one of the things which keeps her from being overwhelmed with it all.
got a notification later that the whole family had deleted the chat.
george zimmerman wins florida state lottery
the driver in front (me in this case) could break or swerve at any moment to avoid an animal or obstacle, and you have to be prepared for that.
he threatens to kill himself often, but not for attention.
so the reason i was so pissed off during the movie is because i felt i had made my feelings on phone use during a movie very plain and she kept doing it, meaning she had been lying about how she would have respected my feelings about the money thing if i'd only made them apparent.
troop leader awards boy scout with 'tried to save best friend' badge
i decided i am definitely not a good teacher and would rather not waste their time any more and let a better teacher come.
congress passes natural disaster digital-enhancement funding
update #2: since i think the update at the bottom is getting missed...
but some how i ran a red light and got t boned.
even if i did go, he wouldn’t have any time to actually hang around and talk to me because their team usually ends up short a couple people).
new stardew valley expansion allows player to shoot self in barn after family farm bankrupted by corporate agribusiness
my friend is someone very special, and very close to me.
i called everyone i knew but no one was on campus or close by that could get the dog, i couldn't take it home, it was a small town that didn't have a local animal shelter.
that saturday night i had a few friends over (one of them has had her in the past, another one has the same italian class as i, and my last friend has never had this teacher).
i tried to subtly get her to tell me what was wrong, but that didn't work.
quick scan of room confirms area man once again sweatiest person present
so i worked on a group home for autistic people, and many of them were ridiculously picky eaters.
&#x200b; we made up a few days later and she was really distant for some reason.
my wife and i both work full-time, with day jobs and a very time-consuming side hustle that is not yet profitable.
now, i am not one to complain about gifts and i was happy with just the letter-- what really irked me was that at the end of the year, she got all of her teachers something.
do a little bit of running or something?
it probably seems petty but it bothers me.
i went out last night with a couple of friends and had a good time.
then i went back to my room silently like always, and started thinking about awful things related to her and this memory showed up.
scientific journal releases list of year's top 100 compounds
so, i wanna know, aita, if she actually had depression?
dive-bombing osprey better emerge from lake with something awesome to show for it
and i don’t mean sabotaging the condoms because she never touched them.
marriage going to be hard to go back to on monday
later in the night, people are standing around in the kitchen chatting when some of the people my friend invited noticed the whiteboard.
lazy poor person has never earned passive income from stock dividends a day in his life
report: there no way of knowing whether the vague award mom won at work a big deal or what
threatens to bring management in about my dogs tendency to bark.
he constantly makes disruptive, loud noises and harasses strangers.
i feel like an asshole for expecting more, but i do so much for them.
mom brings home little plaque that says 'family'
they refused the food because they disliked the flavor or texture of mushrooms, or onions, or whatever.
five minutes of watching indian channel leads to five hours of watching indian channel
i humored her until she came out with something along the lines of "i feel like i've lost a child".
i want to be able to sleep through the night since i’m up late and have to work in the morning but my wife expects me to wake up every 2-3 hours and help with feedings and stuff while she pumps to try to get met milk in.
trump preemptively tells melania he won't give her a kidney
chuck schumer: 'the american people deserve a president who can more credibly justify war with iran'
she treated her friends better than the men she got into relationships with.
the younger one took a second to realize what had happened, sees my smug face, and then he too was on the floor, shirt over his nose dramatically.
i know that if i did introduce my boyfriend to my parents they would only hurl insults at him being a man in a dress and how much of an f-word he is and my boyfriend could dress in men’s clothes but i know how uncomfortable that is for him so i don’t want him to deal with any of that in my eyes i dealt with enough of that for the two of us and more.
aita for pouring a drink on my mates girlfriend?
ted cruz opens up to town hall audience about early days as larva feeding on porcupine carcass
my dad (68m) recently came to visit me (31f) and my wife (32f) for two weeks.
a couple of them will often get her to give them money by saying it's because they can't afford things for their children, even though she lends the money with that purpose which they then spend of doing things for themselves.
i am working in the basement on my computer, i ask him to leave on the light in the stairwell so i can see when i come upstairs to sleep.
carbon-monoxide detector with snooze button recalled
pyramid scheme 'not a pyramid scheme'
tl;dr: cable guy came knocking on my door after 8pm without an appointment and i told him to get the fuck out.
she's 24 and im 20(m) aita?
obama blanks on what he's ineffectually urging congress to take action on now
i would always say stuff like, “yknow it takes humans about 6 months to fall in love, maybe wait and see if what you’re feeling is right?” i was trying to delay more stuff from happening.
it wasn’t until he arrived that i realized it was a boy.
normally i would never lie about something like this.
obama spends wednesday doing some urgings, some callings on
area man never in mood to do things he hasn't done before
i don't smoke or drink and i'm pretty vehement against both of those things as they just make me uncomfortable and she knows fully that it's just a part of the relationship that we don't.
the dude in question was a business associate of my girlfriend’s, the businesses being the distribution of mathematics study aids and roofing materials.
greg behrendt releases new book for children: your parents aren't that into you
more or less, i don't want to reward her for low grades.
i blamed the break up on some personal stuff i’m going through and said i needed time alone.
would i be the asshole if i try and speed them up?
i'm not patient enough to cater to him, and i am tired of having to defend myself to someone that says he loves me.
we both have anger issues and i smoke more weed than i would like.
suicide bombing a cry for help, vengeance against the infidel
hollywood plans big-budget remake of mr. & mrs. smith
he's a very muscular, masculine guy, super into cars and all that so he definitely doesn't come off as flamboyant at all.
which is true, but i also just don't find her physically attractive especially in a sex related environment, despite not saying that to her.
everyone at thanksgiving doing chore to get away from rest of family
(throwaway account) aita for being uncomfortable with my brother being gay?
nuclear threat still 'very real,' says muhammad ali
reggie white to host fox's when atheletes talk
i managed to dispose of the bird and clean up the mess (which i would rather not discuss because it was somewhat traumatizing).
shadow of intrigue surrounds local news station's satellite truck
my mom won't let me look at them and has been asking me to sell them (because i have younger siblings who might see them), this girl has been mocking me and calling me a weeb, my uncle has been onto me about looking at lewd drawings over real women.
chess grandmaster tired of people comparing every life situation to chess match
'anthem' developers assure players whiteboard with words 'jetpack+guns?' will be playable game by friday
am i the asshole for refusing to stop calling my mother hun?
wibta if i told my housemates to pay to keep a tv that my so and i had to replace?
aides trying to talk trump out of sending associates to break into watergate office complex
pandering nobel peace prize committee honors global harmony again
not only did i say no because she’s quite frankly the worst, but also because i don’t want my wife and i to have such a strain on our currently happy marriage.
my girlfriend got pregnant 2 months ago, told me about it it about 5 weeks back, and she is keeping it.
report: north korea just enjoys nuclear talks
i want to see this jackass fired, lose any chances of obtaining his phd and his reputation down the toilet.
sorry if the formatting is weird, on mobille aita for not really doing anything for my daughter’s birthday?
the dash cam may tell you that they did not have to run to get out of the way, but it does not tell you the emotional impact of your car coming up the drive faster than we drive and they felt scared enough to run.
i am ok with it because i trust her, and because they were just friends for over a year after they broke up.
why my husband wouldn’t push back and say something like “i’ll grab smaller needed items but not something like that...” we have been married for over 10 years and not had any issues with infidelity.
from my point of view, having only my desklight on in the room makes the room dim enough to sleep, but my roommate complained to the ra about it.
(suspected it has developed into a bladder/and or kidney infection) it’s 9pm where we live, in a major city so er is not far away.
i (22m) have been dating my girl (22f) for a while now.
katie couric winces at word 'vagina'
i get a job and i have practically nothing to wear so i try to ask said friend if i can borrow her clothes but she isn't there a lot of the time.
she said that the girl was upset.
pelosi: 'we must fight even harder against trump's authoritarian impulses now that we've voted to enable them'
13.5 million americans tune in to watch animal planet's 'puppy parley' during dnc debate halftime show
so my question is - aita for not letting my boyfriend play any grindy video games or is it justifiable?
archaeologists unearth earliest known shithole located super far from everywhere
sean hannity: 'i will be dispelling any and all factual claims about me during my show'
jennifer lawrence stuns in oscar de la hoya gown
apple's gag division unveils sleekest fake dog shit to date
anaheim police chief john welter: 'look, our job is to shoot people'
she has allowed me to rub against her and other things but thats it.
i dont care if he got my adress, he seems nice and is not a psycho.
disillusioned museum admissions employee doesn't even believe own annual membership pitch anymore
i ruined a lot of people's week, facilitated a lot of major discipline, one guy's high school and another guys life.
george clinton, della reese meet to discuss key hairstyle issues
earth passes through temporal vortex hurling planet into year 2019
bank robbers fail to consider o'reilly factor
i can do what i want.
i feel bad because he’s still little but i don’t feel the way my girlfriend doesn’t when we spend time with him.
aspiring elitist moves to new york
lincoln memorial empty after former president's statue furloughed
i truly don't mind, i wouldn't have used it anyway.
new department of interior program to reduce deer population by providing free condoms to fawns
tony award disappoints parents even more
she wanted me to visit her family on thanksgiving and i suddenly realized i mean a lot more to her than she does to me which really makes me feel like the asshole cause either way i'm hurting her at this point.
every person in high-end singapore casino either carrying out or target of assassination
serious question: does it make any difference that i offered as part of a problem solving situation in which she was trying to figure out how she was going to get her crap out there?
police officers waving everyone over to take a look at what happened to this guy
man at park who set up table full of water cups has no idea how passing marathon runners got impression they can take them
they try and embarrass me by giving it back.
i told her to stop, and she said “what will you do if i don’t?” i told her that i’d push her down the stairs, because we were standing at the top of them.
my father joins in, yelling at me for being an ungrateful prick and eventually threatens to throw me off the car.
it was big but they had a lot of "going out of business" signs.
also this eating healthy thing had only started earlier this week, we made tacos and pizza earlier this week.
i have the right to ask, and i have the right to be upset that he won't show me.
pbs defends 'arthur' episode where mr. ratburn reveals he's the ultimate twink power bottom
herculean effort, astronomical expense lead to photo of whole family at disney world
trump trying to figure out how to unsubscribe from boring national security email list
me and my ex boyfriend have been broken up for around a year, i have recently become single again and messaged him.
aita for not liking when english is lisped/slurred/muddled?
i go on and tell her “no..
heroic prego advertisement replaces refreshed webpage's presidential campaign banner
the season is coming to an end and it hurts me so much every single time she goes to play with him.
mom just called to say hi and that she's very sad
due to a work fuck up, he said he might not be able to pay for anything until his pay came through.
i run a business and sell sneakers.
mom has the flu really bad.
we are still doing all the fun activities that we used to do as a couple.
the title pretty much sums it up.
obamas decide to stay in white house until daughters finish high school
so, wibta by not showing up?
i went to their medicine cabinet and find what looks like a bottle of medicine.
gay conversion therapists claim most patients fully straight by the time they commit suicide
gop statisticians develop new branch of math to formulate scenarios in which trump doesn't win nomination
when the check comes alice -who offered to pay - says that the other three people should split the check with her evenly.
it frustrates her when they take liberties and expect things from her without actually considering to ask.
reddit: am i the asshole for not visiting my grandmother?
hypothetical cat simultaneously dead and alive, physicists say
i am not a cruel person.i always thought abortion saves both parents and children.i spent 2 years with joy and sadness with cerebral palsy patients and i befriended a lot.i lost 2 friends in this 2 year and i know what they live and how they live.i even had a friend that said “i wish i was aborted.my mom and dad had genetic predispositions and they never thought about it.” he died 3 years ago.
this was 2 weeks before the internship ended, so there was no time to redeem myself.
loose first-grader brings home different friend every time
so, basically, earlier today my dog was called out by a dog owner for being out of line, and barking at other dogs relentlessly.
bf says none of this matters.
she said she has to think about it.
piling guilt onto myself is not good when i'm already not correctly processing the emotions.
i was very clear in stating “if that is what you believe, it says you’re not looking”.
it will be her first time away from the kids since they were born, and thus my first time operating by myself with the kids for a full week.
rose was talking to her mother about a sensitive topic and her mother was not showing a lot of support.
'squi' rockets to most popular baby name of 2018
mousy brunette removes glasses, becomes sizzling sexpot
guy on roof starting to think he might get away with it
she’s never really brought this up.
is this the way you are going to talk to me?”.
disgruntled bolton shoots 17 un delegates, self
divorced man doesn't even recognize smiling, happy family in photo that came with frame
the main issue is i cannot sleep with all this noise.
hillary clinton pleasantly surprised after finding old $20,000 donation check in coat pocket
college roommates surprised to find dorm room has one king-size bed
but he was insistent that it was gonna be smelly and gross by the time he got back so i said okay.
vacationing secretary of homeland security asks neighbor to keep eye on nation over weekend
i have to get his approval to even get on his and my mom's insurance plan.
bloodied, bruised john kerry emerges victorious at kickboxing tournament in bangkok prison
my daughter only told me about this yesterday so of course i’m a little annoyed already because this mean i am actually the one buying the stuff (paying); which as i’m sure most of the rest of you, i’m hit up this time of year for $20 every time i step into a room.
open-minded man tries to get news from variety of facebook friends
'planet earth' pa still trying to get release forms from every bird in serengeti
school flies deceased nerd's underpants at half-mast
cool guy from middle school still sporting phat pair of jncos
fucking idiot has perfect gif for that
with great suit comes great responsibility
weirdly, he was fully single at the time, but still i was horrified because i could already picture what would happen.
so i told her if she didn't want my help with getting the tree, she wasn't gonna get it decorating it.
a few weeks ago friend 1 had informed me he would join me, and 2 unknown players( friend 2 and friend 3) to fill out the last spot in a 4 man pubg squads.
angry him was angry that i'd try to leave just like that without even saying anything.
my husband has a very high stress job.
trump privately terrified his sexual assault victims will someday come forward
and t said that i am just 'super self destructive' i kept talking to gf, and eventually got to a even standground, i confess that i read her and t's dms and she was okay with it i went through it all with her, and for most of it she defended me, which was really cute.
i thought being proactive was the best way to go because i didn’t want b to suffer in silence.
i feel like a piece of ****.
ceo would trade 5 percent of stock options for 10 percent more time with his kids
meanwhile i have a job making close to 80k a year no college debt and i own a home.
according to google maps we live 1 minute drive time from the store.
old man with foggy eye not even magical
thanks for taking time to vote.
ups guy hasn't heard a doorbell like that one in a while
trump inspires thousands of kids to believe they could one day grow up to be president of confederacy
**agent** may i place you on a brief hold while i look into this?
unfortunately a common occurrence is that people further back jump up when the plane lands and push up in the aisle.
she will even like dance around and show off her bodus in front of me but as soon as getting busy comes up its nope!
cop takes cinnamon bun into own hands
i did not make a choice to have unprotected sex, but she did.
superhero never around when mild-mannered journalist david brooks is
honestly the sole thing that split us up was my desire for polygamy and his for monogamy.
teacher hoping students can tell he was once popular
bush hides u.s. report card in sock drawer
i am kinda playing it by ear by waiting that long to do anything, and at that point i may have developed feelings and something may have occurred or we already saw nothing was happening, and hence we actually played it by ear.
aita if i stopped talking to a "friend"?
disgruntled liberals publishing at furious pace
trump dismisses trump as a distraction
nation to honor harper lee by ensuring novel about horrors of racism always remains relevant
i never understood how people can walk in their homes with their shoes on anyway.
nyc mayor: 'reconcile yourselves with your god, for all will perish in the tempest'
pete buttigieg releases comprehensive list of fun personality quirks to include in articles about him
boss wants to know if you can work late this year
(i do realize that pregnancy is something that can't just be magically cancelled) my father has had several relationships, one of them which lasted for a long time and was really bad, leaving me a little skeptical when it comes to new spouses.
she says she doesn't want to lose me.
when one of them took some of her trash, and put it on our table.
office manager forced to resort to unfriendly reminders
a few days ago we had an argument about something completely irrelevant and i brought this up.
am i actually a shitty student and her words were justified?
but, these dogs made me miss the great dane.
mom recommends previously unheard-of form of transportation son could take to get home
rumors of extramarital affair end campaign of presidential candidate who didn't know china has nuclear weapons
i felt way more comfortable with kyle in the few weeks i knew him than i did with my (ex) bf of 8 months.
i openly showed my disgust to her stuff and barely gave her my minimum level of respect.
i love them so much and there is so much i want to know about them.
a majority of her assignments are almost completely redundant: a 4-page personal journal every two weeks, a random literary term quiz here and there, and multiple-choice problems that are loosely tied to what we read that she never explains.
we'd still do some local weekend getaways once in a while as a group.
she had gotten my secret collection of "adult" magazines and exposed them to my family.
i'm a strong believer in "teach a man to fish" rather than "give him one" so i tried my best to give her tips to improve her self-studying.
aita for deciding to "smash and dash" the girl who doesn't seem to understand that i don't want her?
new study finds only 88% of guitar center customers become famous musicians
i know my history with his sister shouldn’t matter when it comes to their relationship, but i still feel a little betrayed.
she said that was perfectly fine, and was generally understanding about it.
i’m not sure if we’re best friends anymore.
he obviously felt extremely insecure about everything he bought.
when the police came up my girlfriend instantly went from calm and collected to tears streaming down her face when they asked her what happened she said that she saw the other guy look at her and then from her perspective hit her car on purpose.
senate wins fight to lower allowable amperage levels on detainees' testicles
aita for serving wine at thanksgiving with a recovering alcoholic present?
i enjoy l’s humor and i frequently play along and laugh at it, sometimes to the point where i am unable to do work due to being preoccupied with laughing.
some stupid thing making the rounds among your facebook friends today
kid honors grandpa's memory with solemn cannonball
for the most part i just stood my ground and argued logically and rationally.
indianapolis sports reporter pours his little heart out in peyton manning retirement column
wife can take care of child as usual and call husband if something urgent comes up.
i really needed the help so i said yes.
she was a very kind person; during our time together, she had consistently lent me her support and friendship during difficult times, even though i never quite returned the favour.
disappointed couple on 8-month waitlist to get married at pentagon
family infighting apparent in funeral guest book
aides gently tell trump he can't bring all his gold lion statues on airplane
bruno mars takes home coveted 'least threatening artist' award at 2018 grammys
i know they aren't gonna do anything about it, buy i felt better telling them and imagining that they would.
i just feel guilty for acting like a child, and scaring people by putting myself in danger, afterwards i apologised to my friends and said there was only so far i could go, before it got too much.
while he is on top of me grinding me i interrupt “i gotta wake up early tomorrow.” “okay what you mean then?” “i gotta be up early....” “what does that mean?” “maybe you should go home” “wow i came all the way out here when i could’ve been with my boys” i laughed a bit just because it was crazy.
(i definitely didn't start this conversation) and after a while i'm thinking he's definitely looking to have some fun so i ask if i can give him a bj and he flips out and professes he's straight and definitely isn't into that.
told her she would end up cheated on, just like the others before her.
per tradition, ex-presidents watch obamas christen white house bed
man running aimlessly with olympic torch for past 3 years
hippocratic oath under review by hmo board
i remind him i have a right to 30 days notice, which he obliges to but tbh i am really upset about the whole situation now.
(that probably makes it sound like he was pressuring me, but all things considered i really didn’t feel that way, and still don’t.
to set the scene, we were both out with his family shopping for cool, vintage antique items that day, and my boyfriend (let's call him henry) found an old vinyl that he was really excited about.
the old guy in the truck was mouthing swear words at me.
afterwards she asked if i what i meant about what i was saying and i said it "should be pretty obvious" and that "i wasn't giving up".
so, this woman i volunteered to help is trying to seduce me.
she threatened to have the school resource officer remove me.
greek populace woken up at 6 a.m. by angela merkel's voice booming through loudspeakers across country
aita for asking my girlfriend to have a sexual relationship?
shirtless man turns face from side to side in mirror while running hands down smooth face
god feeling down in dumps after death of grandmother
james harden pretty sure he felt something pop in lower beard
all decisions have consequences, that's why i decided to not go to college.
melania releases statement calling for removal of first lady from white house
woman attempting to cultivate self-love forced to start completely from scratch after photo where nose looks kind of weird
report: average american walks less than one mile each year with pants around ankles
i wanted to trade my 3 railroads for the other two oranges.
more that she kind of put my hand up there, and i was too tired to really care.
my roommate tends to sleep at 11ish while i sleep at 3-4, usually studying doing hw etc.
man always sleeps with bat beside bed just in case any major league pitchers try to break in
we were talking about stupid things we can personally say, and i added to the conversation that i say inappropriate things at inappropriate times.
busy executive has to take this call girl
trump raises concern over members of urban communities voting more than zero times
the other tenants have already taken notice, don't seem to mind as i am always respectful and courteous of them/the house and always provide decent encounters and conversation.
last thursday i got a call from an old boss from a job i worked at in school and university, who has someone (company ab) that is interested in hiring me for 1 or 2 month (also payed and very good for my resumee).
dad gets dolled up for trip to lowe's
dad busy throwing seeds or something on lawn
it is what i would call a reasonable response.
mike offered, but clarabelle was super upset and said i was her step-mother, i should want to support her.
he cheated on me with one of his coworkers (who worked for him and knew me when we were married) and i didn't find our for a year until i was humiliated at a work event when someone thought we were in an "open" relationship.
i promised like 1 year ago not to snoop through his phone anymore (i know, i'm the asshole there, but it's the only way i ever figured out anything was happening), but recently, he's been doing weird shit with his phone.
this happened today on my way to school and the only way i can get to school (without being 30 mins late) is by going through a short cut at the end of a small street.
i've had sex with others in this time.
i had to wait on hold for 30-45 mins to get the actual number, then had to wait on hold for another 45-60 mins before getting a person that could take down my complaint.
his mom still friendly w her & i think gives her handouts.
korean pop group bts shakes up lineup by adding really old guy
'yes, but how did he die?' ghoulish american public asks of recent celebrity death while rubbing delicate, bony hands together and smiling thinly
campaign adviser recommends throwing old blanket over romney for debates
aita for sharing a bed with, and getting to second base with a girl i'm not planning on dating?
10-year-old yelling at mom to watch cannonball while she's trying to scope out younger men at pool
oddsmakers say oakland raiders a long shot to finish season
shes kind, sweet, and is very considerate of others.
coalition of concerned parents condemns video games' false depiction of how easy it is to smash wooden crates
i worked hard in highschool while playing games on the weekends and during free time.
the girls are regularly going up and down.
huckabee earns nickel for presidential campaign by painting old widow's picket fence
yankee candle clarifies that product only intended to be dripped on balls
so it’s nice to finally get it out and hopefully hear some neutral perspectives.
(i should note that m and a have a history of leaving uneaten pizza out and i have yelled that them for this claiming they could get sick, but i have never thrown it away without asking, and normally they leave them on a’s desk which is directly across from my bed, which leads to my bed stinking of pepperoni, and being someone who keeps kosher, it only makes it grosser for me.
so i went to her house and she was just so happy to have company.
woman rises early to sow seeds of day's first gchats
i suggested smiling more and sending me photos and texts of her doing happy things.
obama fills out lukewarm glassdoor review after exiting presidency
they told me i had to get rid of it immediately, but after i explained the situation they said i had 3 days to get rid of it or i could be evicted.
he said no and continued to try to hit me (he also attacked my friends, making me feel really guilty they had to get dragged into this) i got fed up with this and said i am sick of his shit and he should grow up and stop being a little girl.
world's supermodels form hall of justice to protect ordinary models
especially when you are providing an experience that requires an internet connection and proper matchmaking.
i answered this on a reply and thought it would be good to add it: i google searched for a vet and the one google recommended was opening in another 3 hours.
aita for wanting to have a baby with my husband while we go through couples counseling?
god announces plans to shift majority of resources tied up in humanity project to birds, rocks
local brother-in-law heard you can make shitload of money doing that
dazed jeff bezos realizes he spent entire conversation thinking about how to automate person talking to him
depraved candidate struggling to support $100,000-a-day advertising habit
she’s a beautiful woman and i’m very attracted to her.
report: annie sabatino's boyfriend like 23 or something
that was the norm anytime they could be together, but he eventually stopped talking to her and they went to different colleges.
musical the kind with number about putting on a show
new parents wisely start college fund that will pay for 12 weeks of education
we really live this dress though and other options the third girl picked out have to be ordered online so there is no way of knowing how they fit.
'secretary clinton is a different person than donald trump,' says bernie sanders in ringing endorsement
fast forwards a couple of months and i realize a lot of my friends don't speak with me any more, i ask a bunch of people and they all reply with being "dissapointed", but that i shouldn't speak with them.
edit #2: hey, so we talked about it, and apparently the girl moved in this morning.
unemployed prince harry, meghan markle announce plans to give baby up for adoption
just leaving them out in the yard when they're not home so this went once for about 4 months.
another relationship that would shame her about sex and sex before marriage.
i have offered to go to counseling to no real effect, i've offered just a once weekly it's ok to go over there with backlash.
report: majority of americans experience profound sense of dread when asked to name favorite music
handshake comes in at unusually high angle, velocity
and i agree with what a lot of people said about dropping her off at some kind of business somewhere else.
hypnotist looking for gimmick to set him apart from other hypnotists
as a result, i don't act as nice as i should be and am distant around her since any conversation leads to an argument.
she goes from understanding to visibly upset again, she starts yelling, says that theres something wrong with me.
chinese man just glad fuckin' 4716 over
officials investigating hugh hefner's death suspect foreplay
pony anxiously waiting for attendant to flag large child as too big for ride
she says yes, because "that's the way i like to live my life." to my surprise, another friend i'll call m admits (or brags, depending on how you interpret it) that he did something similar for the same app.
seriously this just makes me boil.
for a while i had so little money i ate either rice and beans for a few days or did not eat at all.
she said she was not, and she started to get offended and asked me why i would laugh.
'new york times' rehires judith miller to cover escalating iran tensions
total weirdo spends mother's day at cemetery
she stopped replying to my messages and so i just left it at that, thinking she will cool off.
doctors restore ken burns' full-color vision after removing massive tumor from filmmaker's visual cortex
catholic church speaks out against decadent, sinfully rich dessert
congress demands to know how facebook got people to give up their civil liberties without a fight
i could definitely have one for a while".
friendly cashier persona briefly dropped to address trainee
cheap airfare sole reason for trip to italy
instead i had a pretty typical day and even went to the gym.
a whole week-long trip and we never really saw or hung out with him.
when he comes back and sees the screen he's furious.
as you can imagine i felt shit about myself trying to convince him to give me the (sexual) freedom i so craved.
heaven forbid i lose my job tomorrow, i could support my families lifestyle and find another job within 1-3 months.
a classic jason somehow gets mixed into area man's anecdote collection
trump spends entire classified national security briefing asking about ​egyptian ​mummies
guy wearing thumb drive around neck wonders if you tried hard reboot
i could get up and buy my own food, but i’m too weak and i’ll probably break down in the supermarket bc i hate being around people.
i said "no they aren't mine and my flatmate wont be happy you took one".
i just don't see this turning out good so wibta for not going to the wedding?
house inappropriations committee suggests nation's women dress a little sexier
after the party she asked me to hang out again soon, i didn’t notice, but she did this as she pulled me to the side.
the third time i asked she stated “i can’t say anything about it but let’s just say this isn’t the first time”.
voter turnout reaches all-time low of 17
man's neuroses really putting genuine compliment through the wringer
i disliked her for what she did and i wanted her to feel hurt.
gop leaders celebrate decisive win over americans
cackling mitch mcconnell reveals to stunned democrats he's been working undercover for republican party this whole time
he doesn’t feel the need to “switch it ([his study habits]) up”.
once-adventurous salmon can't believe she ended up moving back to birthplace, having a bunch of kids
bouncer moved to tears by tale of friends already in club
john came out to us that he was gay.
i know her studies are important but she’s currently making so little money and expects me to pay for her livelihood while she studies - wouldn’t the return for that be that she is expected to do more of the chores?
master architect constructs most structurally innovative pile of dirty dishes to date
&#x200b; my current girlfriend thinks its disgusting i didn't delete the pictures right away and even more disgusting that i jerked off to them after we had broken up.
sudden resurfacing of file called 'lyrics.doc' a chilling reminder of life thought left behind
at this time, he's working in a separate country.
if the stairs are too much she could literally take the ramp.
the fact that it's hard work was the main reason i didn't want number two, and part of my argument was that i didn't think she would be able to handle it either.
i get a text asking me to come meet them outside.
researchers: quality of sleep may be affected by abandoning family in 1994
not like i'm going to wrap it anyway.
he has always been pretty vocal about his distaste for the original colonists and so on and we've never had much cause to butt heads..
area family has no idea where dad gets shirts
i merely keep a safe distance since i’m in college.
latest austin powers movie opens in theaters
pre-teen moves from giggling-at-everything phase to never-smiling phase
media outlets pledge evenhanded criticism of trump, clinton over next 4 years
man worried about drug dealer who's not picking up phone
i take the night to process everything that happened including everything she said and i still feel like she has feelings for me, and - although it's possible that i'm being delusional - i feel like her answer was a little open ended because she never said that she didn't have feelings for me.
nkw im just confused aita for making jew jokes to a jew?
i feel like this is more of an issue at foreign restaurants as well.
i tried to explain that some of my other friends i don't talk to for months on end or half a year and catch up whenever we feel like it and it's all good.
astronomers predict giant asteroid will hit nation's theaters this summer
i later apologized to mom and laura for being rude, however i didn't apologize for not letting her stay because i think i have the right to do so.
man entering fog of insanity asked if this his first time at dave & buster's
but every month the week before she gets her period she’ll say that she’s late (23 day cycle is normal for her) and that she’s worried about being pregnant.
new boyfriend charming pants off baskin-robbins staff
however, my situation is a little bit more nuanced and i was wondering if i’m still an asshole.
aita for not cleaning the house?
study: only 4 scenic routes left in country
wedding invitation includes depressing map to church
however regularly dirty dishes are left about and i ask m to clean them, eventually i stop seeing them left about so i assume everything is fine.
nah, wrapping is important part and i really want the family to help out.
scientists warn americans to stay away from that bird
homeless man has no idea what to do with visiting parents
'hot 'n' nasty butt cum chixx' to appear as 'creative concepts' on credit-card bill
one got suspended for 4 days for talking to someone else about how they want me to just kill myself.
i tell her not to do it, but as we drive by them she flings the water out of her water bottle all over them and laughs and gives me the biggest shit eating grin.
for a while now she's made a habit of going up to her grandmother's house in a city that is a little more than half an hour away to see her and her mom.
she wanted to have an abortion but as a christian i felt that this was against my beliefs (btw i’m not pro-life, i feel like the option to abort should be there for people that don’t believe what i do but this is what i thought was right for my child).
and if you have to cheat to pass in your major, then you're in the wrong major (and probably shouldn't even be in college).
in my opinion she's not looking out for herself on cost of her mental health and i'm really worried about her...
purina debuts new 'slovenly feast' for nasty-ass shelter cats
i did attend the funeral and burial service at my mother's side the entire time.
i saw that there were no cars in the oncoming lane and although there was a curve ahead there was plenty of space between the two cars i was trying to pass so i figured i could pass one, get past the curve, then pass the other.
long story short, i got laughed at and called an idiot.
she offered to pay for it, but i said she could just give it back to me when she gets a new phone.
am i an asshole for wanting my shit back, while also inadvertently ruining her long distance relationship?
i am not waiting long enough for them to develop feelings long term, and if it gets that long i usually pull out to not have that happen.
i asked if we could maybe just hang out, he asked why, and i told him the truth.
she was doing something else idk).
procrastinating attorney just reuses opening statement from last trial
area teen accidentally enters teen center
thank you for your responses but i'm not going to read any more.
all of them just went in on it.
we've had discussions and arguments over politics before but not like this.
woman bids farewell to former self before beginning new skin care regimen
'lost dog' poster really tooting dog's horn
i'm aware that these kind of things can't really be planned, but feel like some kind of before-hand discussion would have been necessary.
george h.w. bush's casket completes log flume journey to u.s. capitol
aita for muting my special needs coworker on a business call?
the people who replaced them smoked a big hookah indoors.
again, he said no, so i pushed and asked for a legitimate reason why.
family embarrassed by way son died
&#x200b; my roommate however, loves napping.
many senators developing simple tools for governing
inept coworker increasingly difficult to fantasize about
mumford and sons can't believe they all got each other mandolins for christmas
i'm being accused of being homophobic now, but that isn't true and i'm getting even more annoyed.
hi everyone, i live in a cul de sac neighborhood where everyone knows each other, except for one creepy weird man (who i have long suspected is a child molester) who lives alone with his small daughter (7ish years old).
i have decided that i want him back, i know for sure he will take me back and from the looks i can tell that he has matured and grown as a person, that gives me hopes that our relationship will be better than it was.
'that first date is going terribly,' think diners watching couple celebrate 5th anniversary
archangels already sick of cardinal o'connor telling them how they do it in new york
aita for yelling at her and grounding her?
a was absolutely adamant that it was inappropriate for me to go.
childish gambino teases concept album exploring what world might be like if he put a shirt on
2 take me up on it, the third meets us there after work.
i asked how many calories she is on per day and she told me around 1200, i track my calories and macros to a t and she had told me she'd been doing the same, i asked to see and she showed me a 1200 calorie myfitnesspal screen with food she had eaten.
newborn prince of cambridge begins consolidating power by having family imprisoned in tower of london
i comment vaguely alluding to my displeasure saying that he never brings me coffee kinda jokingly, and she responds “he says you’re too far away”.
obama to create 17 new jobs by resigning and finally opening that restaurant
perfect gift for boring asshole found at crate & barrel
so i told him to please look for someone else to cover him, ask everyone he knows (other grad students, other profs teaching the same course, etc), and if he still can't find someone then i will do it.
mellie is also pregnant with deceased bf's baby.
high-school teacher constantly using janitor as example
i recognize that caring for a child is a 24/7 job, which will be about a 70/30 split on responsibilities when our daughter comes home, since my wife will be at home with mat leave from her job as well as taking the semester off from her school program, while i continue to go to work.
i am very(up until now) polite and respectful of this woman and give her way much more time out of my day than a tenant should to begin with.
so, what does this sociopathic slug do next?
yeah typical bully, he and his friends often overreacted whenever anybody retaliates.
now i know as an adult i can't tell pablo who to be friends with.
millions head to internet to figure out their own opinions about debate
staffer investigating puddle of slime on floor looks up to discover coworker cocooned in bannon ooze
normally i'd be fine with doing this if they weren't my friends, like in a peer review.
i had recently gotten out of a relationship and going through the loops that does for a person.
libyans agree to come up with something for qaddafi to do all day in exchange for him leaving
man sets unsustainable precedent of saying hello to coworker every morning
aita if i kick out my roommate for leaving my cat to die?
fcc chief cites special occasion for allowing vaginal penetration on network sitcom
alarming report finds hundreds of items still not available in s'mores flavor
i started contemplating trying to find her and tell her but i decided to suck it up and stay put.
the guy she cheated on me with told her about how he wished i knew about what they did together.
description of hot-dog ingredients fails to ruin picnic
kim jong-il doesn't know how he keeps winning lottery
i'm going try a different route to fix myself.
between this and the ever present family we don’t really have a sex life.
exhausted mueller trying to find trump organization russia documents amid thousands of harassment lawsuits
i wasn't trying to get with any of these girls, it just feels so great being friends with new people again after so long.
he would treat my mom like a servant and would threaten violence against my father if he was angry.
george lucas announces gala 21st anniversary star wars rerelease
today i was sitting in class when i saw the guy who has bullied me for the past 2 years type his passcode in.
'let's all say what we're grateful for,' says mother who apparently believes she's in a norman fucking rockwell painting
at first, the dog owner walked past us shouting my dog needed to be under control while walking away, but later took a trip back down to confront me about him.
after all this my science class gets a substitute for the rest of the term and the substitute is the other feminist teacher in our school who is quite high up in power and she seems to do similar things to my english teacher and tells me off for no reason at all and will keep shouting at me.
my husband took me to an auction where people at his job bid on various items as their xmas bonus.
but i did mention that i am in the process of borrowing a lot of money for her business to expand but my credit is going to show this debt.
so after this novel of a story i guess my question is, aita for cutting off my friend and brother?
i did tell her i wasn't coming.
man playing 'battlefield v' has now spent more of life fighting nazis than grandfather did
go-getter eliminates two steps from grieving process
sometimes when she is in the right mood she stays away from un healthy foods, and sometimes she doesn’t care.
eventually we decided to just go bowling.
pollsters admit they underestimated voters' adrenal glands
i’m soon to be 24, and have decided over the past 2 years that i’m definitely an atheist.
i did not ask her directly for food, but i did complain about the lack of it i had been eating.
fcc assures nation their favorite verizon websites won't be affected by net neutrality repeal
you can hold snake, owner reports
i gave him times i'm free and he said he would let me know when he could.
he's confessed to me that he's very self conscious that everyone thinks he's gay, and he's very annoyed/hurt that people see him that way.** ***part of the reason i feel like it would be such a betrayal if i was direct with him about my feelings.*** 3.
a month later, we were learning how to do ekgs.
roommate skulking around edge of party like victorian ghost child
she was pretty drunk so she was just confused.
can't really get along with the mother and feel like i will be left without attention.
a man has to conduct himself with a certain degree of gentlemanliness, if you will.
congress adds 'all your base are belong to us' amendment to bankruptcy bill
now, i have to mention that flying has always made me uneasy despite the evidence to its safety and i do tend to get a bit motion sick.
gary busey nearly drowns recovering pork chop from swimming pool
however about an hour later, she comes back to me that her classmates are already beyond tipsy territory, but she's still okay.
report: it not good time for long, devastating war for iran, either
area father beginning to suspect 3-year-old a real ding-dong
biden sadly realizes this could be last time he throws lit firecracker into press conference
u.s. soothes upset netanyahu with shipment of ballistic missiles
he also threatened to send me back to live with my mom (she lives in another state).
she, being the lovely person that she is, goes and dms my fiancée to say that she thinks that’s the same engagement ring she got.
zsa zsa or eva gabor dead
my dad was really sad, understandably, but for some unexplainable reason, i got the giggles and started laughing my ass off at this.
starfucker gives stephen baldwin a hand job
aita for trying to establish a 'my car my rules' rule?
am i the asshole for demanding an apology?
aita for what i did and my reactions?
woman mentions participation in cancer walk to cancer patient
zoologists thrilled after successfully getting pair of bengal tigers to 69 in captivity
man kinda excited for internal camera procedure
so this guy on my street keeps chickens in his backyard.
they are japanese manga books with some very risque drawings that i've had for years.
trump suffering horrible indigestion after eating fresh, well-prepared state dinner meal
i’m not sure what happened but i doubt they would send that many cops cars or something.
when my parents divorced i was 13, and i asked her why she didn’t just let dad have custody and she said to me, “do you know how society looks at a woman who doesn’t have custody of her own kids?” as an aside, i am also angry at her because i am 35 and just realized i have autism which she probably noticed (she is a doctor) and didn’t seek treatment for because she didn’t want an autistic kid.
obvious throwaway, let me give some clarity for the situation.
this other girl was gossiping about it to me and apparently, it hadn't been coke or heroine, *it was me.* beef actually *had* been caught because i reported him.
l'oréal releases new line of makeup specifically for men to wear when wives not home
even the most exotic ingredients aren't out of her reach, either, and, even though it's not about cost, i've saved up more being with her than i ever had in any other relationship.
grocery-store worker can't bear to eat food anymore
the edge still introducing self as such
my wife have a leader position in marketing, lots of social events at clubs, well paid job.
pretty obvious which sibling going to have to deal with all the nursing home stuff
9:55 comes around, and i have finished everything but the suitcase.
gifted, passionate student really stretching limits of school's resources
newborn soothed by familiar sound of parents' bickering
mayan calendar warns of cataclysmic roland emmerich film on nov. 13
i can already guess what it was about so i ignore the call.
dog not sure it ready to tackle whatever happened to man at work today
but better than a pussy imo.
finally, she broke up with him (after a 5-year relationship) and we started dating.
one was very close to the facilities and there were some spots along the side of the road next to that parking lot, the the other was at the top of a steep hill and quite the walk.
finally, a woman shows up, she's about 25 and very tall, like maybe 5'11 or 6'0.
no worries though 😊😊 them: i was trying to help bc that’s what i did with the girl i liked before this one, and especially because no one else answered your message.
i’m planning on cutting it deep so it bleeds or something so she sees how much i’m hurting, but she’ll probably get mad or worried(idk if she actually will bc she didn’t seem worried in the past and has actually joked about it).
gears of war crimes court finds 2006 locust horde massacre justified
like it tasted okay, but the butter was too much my friend hated it, i didn’t like it, so we told the waitress she asked if we wanted to try it without the butter we said sure.
facebook offering new profile frame to let friends know you stopped scrolling briefly to look at disaster photos and felt sorta bad
'we will never speak of this again,' says trump to mohammed bin salman as they dump khashoggi's body into new jersey river
aita for not wanting to play games with my childhood friend because he's bad?
i think that if you think that other people are less than human because of traits they can’t control than i think you’re less than human.
white house pretty sure uzbekistan diplomat stole a bunch of soap
virgin mary night-light stares accusingly as christian teen masturbates
ice cream truck driver going to let these kids sweat a little bit before stopping
i usually try to change the subject but now that we're engaged shes become a lot more hostile to both me and my best friend.
it's not worth it.) **tl;dr**: brake-checked an aggressive tailgater when i could've safely gotten out of the way.
she was on the verge of tears and now i don't know what to think of myself.
bryan singer celebrates 'bohemian rhapsody' oscar nominations by popping open special bottle of rohypnol
mostly everyone in my family has a strong personality so i get why my fiancé feels somewhat smothered.
now of course i was, and still am young, but in my romantic pursuits up to this point i’d always been uncomfortable with the concept of monogamy.
context --- me: 20 m her: 18 f met a girl in a bar and we hit it off.
local tcby has missed past 2 logo changes
and i was called sexist for suggesting this was sexist.
the subreddit had 0 active members so i offered to help the subreddit gain traction by adding css and getting more people to use the sub.
knife condemned to week inside saran-wrapped brownie pan
&#x200b; tl;dr starting to become more intimate with girlfriend, but i'm realizing i don't find her body attractive and don't have a desire for sex because of it...would it be wrong to break up with her?
rudy giuliani calls in to talk show he already on to deny what he just said
i run under the school of thought that trust is a decision and it also requires the occasional necessary maintenance to continue to prove that youre trustworthy.
at his funeral one of my mothers friends came up to me and told me “don’t worry it was in gods plan for your brother.” i’m an atheist and her friends know it and send me things all the time about church and to save my soul and the fact they said god decided to give him depression and make him kill himself lit me on fire.
i have a friend who graduated last year and is now a masters student.
junior-high-school badminton unit inspires 948 'shuttlecock' jokes
i understand he is out of the country and i try to be understanding.
i did feel a little bad because there wasn’t anymore pizza, but there were other microwaveable meals and some leftovers and i didn’t want to give up 1/4 of my lunch.
lanthanum quits periodic table of elements
john kerry costs u.s. defense industry $400 billion
my first thought was how tf she did this when she’s pregnant?!
she starts crying about how we agreed on florida state uni in the middle of class and makes a scene.
you can play, but not there.
at the same time, i never really know what somebody really could use.
so we talked about all our partners.
i've told them both that it upsets me, and that if part of their joke was to fuck with me, then congrats it worked.
and i learn she doesn't even find girls attractive?
exasperated huckabee sanders reminds press corps that children under 14 can't feel pain
senator trying to make long-distance relationship work with constituency back home
she did tell me that she has a hard time taking hints and that if i’m not interested i need to be blunt with her but how can she not see?
third-person limited omniscient narrator blown away by surprise ending
there were puppies there and the store manager said that a few of the dogs would be "destroyed" when they eventually leave for a multitude of reasons.
i'm glad i can count on fellow redditors to help me see past the blinders of "family" and realize that i am just as valid as an adult as anyone else, and that my mom can't guilt or punish me for not being just like her.
she said she was ready to do so, telling me she really loved me, and i really liked her to, and she was doing a great job at turning her life around.
while i do admit that i was trying to get as much compensation as i could out of this, you never get what you don’t ask for, and i was legitimately bothered by my wife and i’s experience.
missing kazakhstani nukes turn up in manhattan
mother: oh, i don’t think the pizza in new york is known for being all that yummy.
bill cosby feeling better about retrial now that climate around sexual assault has cooled down
he doesn’t even know the words to them!
usc insists lori loughlin's daughter was admitted solely based on socioeconomic background
aita for using the n word as a swear word.
idk if they have some situation worked out or whatever, but i felt i would have wanted someone to tell me when she was cheating on me.
also, since my full-time job is basically studying, i don't do anything else.
i just feel really shitty for abandoning her like i did.
not that i was actively disinterested, i just didn’t know him very well.
aita for telling my mom not to buy gifts for a different family this christmas?
and i was like “well maybe they didn’t wanna hurt your feelings?” after that she called me a jerk and that was the end of that conversation.
u.s. consumers announce plan to get one of those
defunct 4-year-old sports blog still lurking on internet
congress raises killing age to 19
a responsible driver should maintain enough distance in front of them that \*any\* emergency can be responded to immediately.
i’m a trade apprentice and i’m making barely minimum wage, and my girlfriend is studying to be an engineer.
man at point where thought of reince priebus controlling white house pretty comforting
the problem is clarabelle \[his daughter\] has started telling people i am her mother.
however, i'm still being treated like the asshole.
guantánamo detainee ruled not mentally fit to testify about psychological torture
i've sent her a few texts over the years but i think she blocked me and is mad at me since she hasn't responded (though the texts i've sent are very friendly).
and if his friend is lying i can commit to him 100% wibta for testing my boyfriend?
aita for refusing to clean my hair out after i shower in a shared apartment?
toddler adjusting to society after serving 2-minute timeout
accusations of being anti-gay, denigrating homosexuals, lacking any kind empathy, being “psycho” and an immature dickhead (definitely immature).
no biggie on that, but poor kid getting nothing from his dad.
&#x200b; aita for not wanting my gf to play volleyball with someone?
i did mean to hurt him because he was hurting our mom but i kinda feel like an asshole.
i grew up with a shitty father and i know from my experience that the kid would be better of with a non existent father then a shitty one.
she had a motorized wheelchair and a ramp van that was installed on the passenger side.
dunkin' donuts/baskin robbins/pizza hut/taco bell/long john silver's opens
the person driving flipped me off and i called him an asshole but aita?
family concerned after aging tv show has another terrible episode
u.s. defense secretary: 'i am in love'
neighbors remember serial killer as serial killer
aita for wanting to keep my desklight on when my roommate is sleeping?
cheney urged not to work blue during convention
i was riding my bicycle on the street i pass every day and usually during this time of day it's very calm, no traffic.
-employee’s sister-in-law was in an accident at work.
her only response was "i didn't know how to tell you".
you to receive 15 pounds of venison sausage from uncle
well, in order to clear the mental connection with her, i asked the account holder (cousin) to have her removed from the plan.
queen elizabeth watches as oxen pull apart farmer who failed to provide yearly tithe of grain
he then sort of scowls at me, and i decide to get super close to him (i'm sort of like 6'3"), but exchange no further words.
they also usually supply snacks, although others bring some to share as well.
i admit i didn't exactly specify how long i wanted to take a break for, but i didn't know how long i'd need because i said i just wanted some alone time to deal with some personal issues.
so i tell him i have to hang here for a bit until i feel safe.
anyway i told her that i’m not spending money on a hotel room and that i’m staying with my parents.
pacific ocean quarantined after contact with carnival cruise ship
even if i didn't flip out, i couldn't date ashley after finding that out.
obama a little creeped out by how much everyone in kenya celebrating reelection victory
nephew surprised by how much bigger aunt has gotten since last year
but i didn't want to be taken advantage of either.
'game of thrones' producers reveal series moved beyond show's written script halfway through current season
al roker stares crestfallen at matt lauer tattoo on own torso
new u.s. currency expires if not spent in two weeks
“you wouldn’t?” she said sounding surprised.
wisconsin legislature weakens incoming democratic governor by restricting his access to food, water, shelter
the first car is a residents car and goes in through the right side and the gate is now wide open for the next one a big suv also a resident.
man puts glass of water on bedside table in case he needs to make huge mess in middle of night
nation's idiots announce plans to jump off their roofs into a pile of snow and break their fucking legs
i knew the police would be no help, so i grabbed the trash can from my bathroom, full of used toilet paper and dumped it all over their lawn.
i think he's been super lazy about trying to find someone despite how i told him i really don't have the time to cover him.
concincidentally, i happened upon an exchange where him and the other guys were joking around by messaging each other weird porn in the chat.
just leave out the crying.) i really want him to do this for me.
exhausted trump supporter just decides massive cuts to healthcare subsidies reason he voted for him
but now, after about two months, things seem to be unraveling.
i got angry at her because the cat is fine and my dad was only trying to help.
well, neighbors just got a pit bull
nobel prize in chemistry awarded to taft middle school teacher mr. ambler
gop leaders move goalposts on opposing trump to him being filmed masturbating on u.s. flag in arlington cemetery
onion social ceo vaporized by wall of light while trying to stop algorithm from self-destructing
i told her that by venting to the interns (while she was away) was my outlet to making me feel better.
i heard in the coming weeks that she told everyone i had crossed a line, she saw me as a brother, etc.
thai premier eats entire bucket of chicken to calm bird-flu fears
american airlines to phase out complimentary cabin pressurization
campus tour guide reminds students at each stop they have to get in first
kasich hastily paints name on side of skyscraper in attempt to woo new york voters
**tl;dr** brother's gf of 2 years did not attend our only other brother's wedding, where said brother was best man.
\[regular weekdays are something like this: 7 a.m.
well the roommate i got is very peculiar about lights off at a certain time and everything needs to be pitch black and it has to be well below freezing in the room!
this is annoying, but i for the most part bite my tongue.
one day, she just straight out asked me, "why doesn't anyone like me?" i explained that it wasn't her, it was them, and that being in a relationship should not define you.
so, me being a young man, decided to complain to my friends, a group of girls, about how she was faking it and skipping school.
aita for not shoveling my sidewalk?
my second brother has been dating his gf for about 2 years now.
his response did not seem particularly enthusiastic, but nor did i notice any particular resentment about it.
this is their business and in the us they charge draconian amounts of money that far exceed the actual cost of those services and they think it is their right to charge whatever they want on the grounds that we have to have it.
if there's anywhere on earth where i've encountered more inconsiderate, clueless individuals i cannot remember.
as the person leading the meeting i have a list of things that need to get sorted out, so i politely ask my coworker, who answers other people’s unaddressed questions with things like “i don’t know but you could probably ask i’ve talked to him before..
that cheesecake sitting on the table: what if it accidentally fell into your mouth?
but it was a single incident and we never brought it up again and continued to hang out.
she became very upset and began to raise her voice slightly.
anyway, i live about twenty minutes away from b and she lives about a two hour drive away.
a little bit of context: my senior gf in college was recently given a car by her parents.
i have been dating my current girlfriend around 7 months now.
ken burns completes documentary about fucking liars who claimed they watched entire 'jazz' series
now i am understanding what (my dad) said to me.
rose noticed this extra affection, and knew something was up.
20 minutes i show up and knock on the door, she comes out with her dog on a leash and wearing a hat.
for those that don’t know what that is the basic goal is to terraform mars and end with as many victory points as possible.
unmanned military drone briefly grasps senselessness of war
it is my belief that both these people manage the shop.
i feel like he is overreacting but i’m not sure.
if i could do it again, i'd probably bring her to a gas station and ask her to go get me a drink from inside while i pump gas, and then ditch her there.
rumsfeld wearing same shirt for fourth straight day
local play well-attended by friends, family
the first thing the manager does is apologize profusely and then ask if he should call an ambulance.
i plan on returning her pashmina and hat and i’ve tried on several occasions already, but aita for leaving her messages unread for a few more days or should i return this asap?!
god sick of new angel's annoying fucking voice
sighing banksy methodically kills another few kids who stumbled upon him doing graffiti
tldr: i am a single dad that feels like he’s personal life is interfering with his ability to be a father, wibta to put up my two year old for adoption?
but if i put the problem this way, she'd basically have to choose between me and smoking, cause by quitting smoking she'd have the money to fix her dentures.
aita for expecting him to watch her and accept her as his own so early on and while we're both pretty busy in our lives?
aita if i tell a girl from tinder i don't want to go on a date anymore because of her lazy eye?
aita i accused my girlfriend of trying to trap me
so, me and a couple other neighbors visited them and asked them to control their pets.
if i go into less reasonable reasons, it could be some weird power move or some bull hierarchical subconscious thing, where he wouldn’t feel like a man if is son were at the head of the table.
i ended up crashing the car into a post.
jim davis, guy who does 'heathcliff' get together for annual lunch to discuss doing cat cartoons
there are other, related jobs she could move into that would have better work-life balance and fewer travel requirements.
group of christie campaign deserters found in forest
she was really nice, and had this never happened, i could see myself spending a good few years with her, but no way that i'm dealing with a kid.
yesterday afternoon (dec 20) i see that i work and i ask every single employee to switch shifts with me but no one could.
he wanted food, and then got upset with me because he thought i didn't want him to get food when i mentioned that there was food at the second place where our friends were waiting.
we usually go for dinner when i see him, but not the movies or anything else.
lady gaga quashes rumors that she ever thought bradley cooper talented in any way
edit 1: reading everyone’s comments i came to the conclusion i am the asshole for doing something my wife is not a fan of.
thus far the only word that’s given the amount of meaning and satisfaction when said is “you monkey”.
sister: absolutley not, you and i talk about things she doesnt like.
i understand i shouldn't touch him but my drunk self just continued to put my hand over his mouth because he kept screaming.
battle of wits with unwieldy burrito nears thrilling endgame
sentient couch thinks it would look good over by the window
this happened 2 weeks ago, but i just discovered this sub.
fast forward a few weeks and i'm checking the mail with both my puppers on leashes and all the sudden i see neighbors rottie running across the street.
when we saw the bill, we noticed that the waiter forgot to push the "2x" button on my and my friend's cheaper meals.
new alternative-fuel suv will deplete world's hydrogen by 2070
on other side i admit that i am really jealous for not beeing the partner that she shares with everybody...
a month ago, we talked about getting back together, she told me she loved me and she was conflicted, but when we slept together on her birthday and the next day, she still had a boyfriend.
we've been together four years now and she's an artist and was just offered a residency that's close to her home.
friends of band regret going to show
mark zuckerberg apologizes to congress for not realizing scope of his genius
the landlord currently lives there and there is one other room aside from mine that he is trying to rent out.
new hampshire covered in shadow as floating clinton campaign headquarters takes up position over state
he must have been going over 100 because he approached me very quickly.
frustrated with her prodding, i told her the truth - i was going out to see my boyfriend, and i had been hesitant to tell her about him because he was black.
u.n. aid workers distributing food to malnourished kfc customers
it spiraled out of control and turned into a huge argument.
i had been setting up plans with my girlfriend at the time (a senior) on the events that would occur.
i helped her through her past traumas and was attemtping to help her focus more on school than on partying drinking and hooking up.
wibta for not coming in to work on my second to last day for a school event?
we saw each other a few times a year.
aita for urging my sister to graduate early?
so i've been talking to this guy from okcupid for a week or so.
also shitty that i told her i wasn't looking for anything serious, so why not just make a new friend.
i want to issue an ultimatum to my husband.
emmanuel macron not sure how to tell billionaires notre dame repair only costs $200
i put my leftovers in m’s mini fridge (which he said was communal), and left for class.
recently she has been messaging him again.
when i eat these foods i usually get an itchy mouth while i'm eating them which goes away quickly once they leave my mouth.
man does what he convinced himself he loves for a living
aita for being mad at my mom for tipping $1k on an $18k bingo win
lovelorn app aches to know your location
heartbreaking rubio campaign email just asks supporters to send something to make him smile
it is policy at my company that we don’t accept tips as the service we offer is free of charge.
i have a very low sex drive (later found out i have pcos) so i didn't mind.
self-conscious man clearly the only one in japanese restaurant unsure how to use water glass
he told my brother and that's about it.
so that's basically the gist of my story i can answer any questions to elaborate on anything.
while we were standing together in the kitchen.
i mean it's nice and all that he's found someone he likes and he's happy, but at the same time i'm mad that he's left us all.
man born to party dies partying
she declined, and i asked where exactly we stand.
woman beginning to suspect husband having second affair
this is characteristic of the "help" that she has provided over the time that i've been asking for it.
female director asked if she feels comfortable filming scene while nude
context: i live in a small town in australia and typically every 1 in 5 houses has christmas lights, but some streets are known for having all their houses participate, which attracts slow drivers who are too lazy to leave their car and walk through wibta for tailgating/honking at 'christmas lights drivers'
so for the record i don’t really think i’m an asshole for wanting this but my husband certainly does.
so kind people of reddit, who is the asshole here?
i tried to recover by clarifying but everyone was laughing so hard still.
she started not coming back at night.
'fox & friends' denounces bombing suspect as overenthusiastic fan whose heart basically in right place
i move out nov 21rst, i've thought about just paying a prorate for 21 days but it seems unfair financially to me.
nate silver blinded by gods for seeking forbidden knowledge of future
mueller gives up trying to get report published after receiving 19th literary agent rejection
making new friends just doesn't feel the same; am i the asshole?
i don’t care who it is, if you can’t respect me i can’t respect you.
nursing-home resident receives $5.25 worth of care per hour
i feel like he's intentionally sabotaging our daughter's chances and it's making me really upset.
he told me she was hurt and i should take it easy.
tldr: my husband agreed to have sex with me everyday for a month as my birthday gift.
blood-drenched sarah koenig announces topic for upcoming season of 'serial'
what she said does have some merit, so i'll provide two perspectives to see this situation from, mine and mrs.
white house concerned ryan zinke made land deal without giving cut to trump
environmentalists speak out against excessive cheese logging
aita: testing a deaf cab driver
worried they’ll hate on me there but i am still proud of my revenge despite feeling sympathy for the girl and remorse for how the situation went down.
study: shoving, yelling makes things go faster 76% of time
i thought it was a good idea, so we did it.
dancing costumed midgets celebrate death of deng xiaoping
trump warns china not to underestimate his willingness to sacrifice every american's well-being
winchester unveils new 9mm stray bullet guaranteed to hit innocent bystanders
he said he just wanted to make sure she was ok.
its very hard to maintain an erection without thinking of either rape, or (rarely) violence.
meg white drum solo maintains steady beat for 23 minutes
it's something we do every year almost without fail.
$14.5 billion pledged to rebuild battleground states
**tl;dr** am i the asshole for bringing up something shitty that happened four years ago?
gop throws all financial support behind one candidate
astronomers just going to go ahead and say dark matter nitrogen
i feel so fucking powerless, i didn't know what had happened, so i couldn't be there for her, and to be honest i feel guilty that i got so angry, even if it was legitimate, since i suspect that they didn't tell me this because they were afraid i would react like i did.
**walmart bot** alright, here’s the status of all shipments in that order.
i looked at them, shrugged and went back inside don't see them the rest of the night, but it was about half 2 so most places were closing soon anyway.
i can't really say i love them tbh.
alabama cracks down on abortions by outlawing all medical procedures
ended up getting pretty drunk and passing out for a bit.
and besides, getting a cute puppy is hardly the worst thing to happen to anyone.
world-eating leviathan awoken from 500-million-year slumber in martian underground lake after feeling sonar disturbance
nation finally ready to look at more sidewalk drawings that look like big holes but are actually just flat
report: nation secretly hoping dads die first
a few hours later a rando we'd all played with before sends me a message and tells me to check out the noodle gimp's stream.
ivana trump calls ex-husband to ask him what he did to her beautiful baby boy
report: syria running dangerously low on civilians to oppress
larva celebrates ascent to adulthood with bar-moltzvah
i fell in love with this girl long time ago at the very first glance.she was gorgeous.i was brave enough to ask her out and we actually became a couple (story if anyone interested,indeed a really romantic one) anyways she changed her makeup style couple of weeks ago which i'm not really happy about,she's a classy girl and that doesn't fit her at all.
**edit2** to add: i forgot to mention that there was no expense for our wedding party to be in our wedding.
however, three years ago dick decided he wanted to hit on a good friend of mine, jane, who he'd just met a few weeks before.
lately i had a lot of time off from college and work, so i've been home a lot, and ever since she enters the house after she's done with her work or w/e and she's clearly pissed because i didn't clean.
there's nothing worse than sitting in bed at 10pm and smelling a tiny bit of poop while you're relaxing and getting ready for bed.
i had to beg him practically bc i had to sell my home & couldnt afford 2000+ rental fees while disabled.
then when the last generation started there was only two things i could do which were to build a city and a greenery.
this pissed me off and i felt like he was treating me like some low life criminal trying to get into the community unauthorized.
arsenio hall writers still keeping in touch
film critics captivated by use of one long, unbroken take in parent's recording of middle school 'guys and dolls' production
we got slow service and what seems to be a lie to cover thier ass.
i said no, and she had a pretty disgusted look on her face.
overall, he’s a great person and i hope that we can stay friends, despite what happened.
u.s. mint employee disciplined for putting own face on nickels
clinton becomes first president to clear 18 feet in pole vault
nutter butters 'ruined forever' for nutter butter factory worker
these things may not individually bring me down but they seem to compound into anger that gets directed unfairly towards my girlfriend.
literally everyone including her has been telling me that for the last couple of days, and i finally listened.
and there's no way i would let scruffy leave this world without someone he loves with him, i just think it should be me instead of my mom.
aita for not wanting to be in one of my best friend’s wedding?
we're not even friends on facebook.
when he starts making a lot of noise, either the wife or the husband would have to leave the table to take care of him.
so after i heard about this party, i brought it up to him that the party was culturally insensitive and felt like this was the step right before blackface.
my gf of almost a year really wants to buy a realistic dildo.
i don’t think it’s worth breaking up over but it is kind of annoying.
bartender developing a remarkable tolerance for alcoholics
and given what happened to upset her, i just felt she was overreacting by crying.
this was the first time in my life that i was in a position like this and for reasons i can't really explain it was and i guess still is important to me that i was giving a friend a good deal.
after that, she just put her head down and nearly started crying.
swiss unable to maintain neutrality toward delicious pastries
i wish for a new phone.
i was an asshole to her at first and i cheated on her but she stuck up for herself and i quickly fell in love with her.
garden state some poor fuck's favorite movie
nation's tall asked to stand in back
i am not really happy and i may never be but i am also not in a bad place.
it just takes away the boredom in my day.
her fixing her teeth would make her very happy, but she just needs a push since she's always afraid of everything new.
rest of evening spent declaring asshole not going to ruin evening
sculpture of stereotypical italian chef proof of pizzeria's high standard of excellence
'zero dark thirty' reveals navy seals killed bin laden by frantically throwing whatever they could find at him
romney volunteers going door-to-door to let obama supporters know president's dead
also he said i should ask him to marry me again after we meet my parents but he already said yes so i guess i’m unofficially officially engaged.
he knows since the beginning that i'm gay, but still sends me shirtless pics on snap 8.
man made clear-headed choice to upload series of online videos explaining how to install surround sound speakers
new hobby to tide retired man over until death
&#x200b; &#x200b; some people had questions, so just in case you're still interested here are some answers: &#x200b; was it a co-ed trip?
anyways, i'm doing better in this new relationship.
however, because of the type of upbringing he has as the youngest in the family by quite a bit and all, he doesn't exactly have the best anger management.
i thought that was super weird so i didn’t respond.
nostalgic hope hicks barely recognizes young woman on white house id badge
to make the story short, i agreed that i could improve my interest in preparing and getting ready, but the choice of comparing me and my behaviour to a prison inmate in such a scale was a terrible choice of wording.
she stayed over that night and she was still doing it and eventually it got to me and i had to ask her about it.
pet gerbil has been absolutely crushing it lately
im also not polyamorous, and i wouldnt want to be in a relationship where i know that he's fooling around, but i honestly wouldnt mind if i didnt know.
and if she expects a large sum of money from me for the damages to trucks value, i would have to cancel this loan so i could borrow money to cover the truck.
man tentatively takes shot at bad-mouthing girlfriend's family for first time
so more recently they have just been friends, before i even came into the picture.
it is true i first go to sleep when most people wake up but i sleep during the day and can function the same amount a person with a normal sleep schedule could.
he then told me that i was greedy and selfish for keeping the bag of chips for myself.
this is where i come in, again.
it’s $65 for my family to eat there with drinks and dinner buffet.
when i first started, there were four other students that started that mod with me and we have since become very good friends.
i guess it’s been engrained in me that boys mature more slowly than girls.
justin bieber fan jealous of anne frank
early last year i floated the idea of him coming to malaysia with me for chinese new year in 2019 to meet my extended family, he was thrilled with the idea.
he uses his phone a lot and i'm assuming he just saw the notification and just swiped up to reply to me later.
aita if i told my ex's fiancee about nudes she sent me?
standard deviation not enough for perverted statistician
whatever, wasted meeting time isn’t the worst thing in the world, just annoying.
israel calls for increase in u.s. taxes to fund attacks on gaza
i don't remember what it was, but it was something to the effect of "shit sucks life is pain and linkin park's lyrics finally make sense to me".
study: those who go to college earn more degrees over lifetime than those who do not
yellowstone park attempts to increase ranger population with new mating program
i explained the whole situation, and she understood it, that they were getting revenge for getting their dog taken away.
latest online security breach forces mom to change post-it
hush falls over prison population as madoff stabs cellmate in throat
i also said if they found a 7 man airbnb for us to stay in that everyone was happy with, we could cancel the 8 man and stay there instead.
am i the asshole, and if so, how big of an asshole?
here’s my opinion: respect must be earned.
i was, unknowingly, the other woman.
my parents beat me, they fed me garbage food, they sent me off to shit schools and than when i got home they would sit me in front of a tv so i would leave them alone.
the company decided to put security cameras outside the freezer door to know the coming and goings.
tony was originally my friend exclusively and i later introduced him to my group of friends.
guy washing hands for full 5 seconds like he's going into surgery
as it came to be, it was not just any old car accident; he was drunk at 8:17 in the morning and lost control of his car and was gravely injured.
las vegas casino owners announce plans to tear down don rickles
mom figures it about time to sit down adolescent daughter and explain how weight watchers points work
ivanka trump distraught after learning detained migrant children completely without sewing machines
dying baboon pretty low on heart-transplant list
area man thought he had more forks than this
bunch of numbers from where daddy works means no trip to disney world
clown looked a lot different in online profile photo
because it seems like he's waiting for me to make the first intimate move.** *evidence for him being gay:* 1.
double amputee proves he is capable of anything
fox news problem solvers in way over their heads
deep inside i just wanted to have fun on a trip that i may not be able to experience again, and i was hoping my girl can trust me, but she can't because i had deleted a text to another girl saying happy thanksgiving" when i told my gf i wouldn't reply back.
about six months ago i began noticing that something wasn't quite right with a coworker (miriam).
anderson cooper decides to keep recent gay conversion therapy private
obviously she blew up my phone calling me an asshole, and its needless to say that whatever this relationship was it's over at this point.
nasa discovers distant planet located outside funding capabilities
michael jeffreyton wishes screenwriter had given him more believable name
gratitude for thank-you note plunges friends into inescapable appreciation spiral
you’re worse than (non-offending) peds because at least they’re not going to do what they can to deprive others from full participation in society.
i also made a small mound/wall of bed covering/pillows to try and make things dimmer for him.
so my argument is this; it's always listening so surely it can pick up everything else.
lyndon johnson pulls ahead in poll of nation's alzheimer's patients
this campus has rooms set up like this: all three of us (normally four but there isn’t enough asd girls in our program) share a long hallway.
during this time people i know had started charity drives and every year i have not been able to afford to donate.
everybody was drinking and we declined but eventually ended up ordering entrees.
man scolded by brother-in-law for not taking better advantage of open bar
and now it’s slightly ruined “ so am i the asshole?
aita and do i need to just suck it the fuck up and "man up" or die trying?
touching jewelry is the worst, and can induce chills and nautia for me.
courtroom artist clearly infatuated with bailiff
eventually i found good, steady work, but not before i had to have her front me 2 months worth of rent, to pay my half.
i would feel negligent to not report these hypothetical “edgelords” to the police.
&#x200b; mom says that i'm being selfish/that i didn't stop to think of her.
distracted priest pronounces couple 'man and plumbing problem'
i told her that the police would be waiting for her and she was not getting the $200.00 back.
i got angry and punched him in the shoulder.
i would rather focus on friends who want to have me around.
rod stewart mistaken for elderly aunt
report: average american worker replaced within 10 minutes of taking vacation
again i told him it wasnt a good idea and that they weren't fond of people or dogs.
boardroom begins to quake as black-eyed ceo announces vision for future of company
today i ran into wally world to try my hand at the needles again and picked up the ones with a blunt tip.
life much better thanks to recent elections
eight million americans rescued from poverty with redefinition of term
for example her parents and siblings (with children) can quite often be found at our house and everyone lives on the same street (think “everyone loves raymond”) she also has a medical condition that makes sex very uncomfortable for her which flares up from time to time.
they want capitalism for themselves and then they expect socialism when they think they can game the system.
queen elizabeth to think mainly about her approaching death throughout olympics ceremony
i don't know how you can do all that shit and then say your ready.
friend really laying into self for failing to reply to email sooner
my mom always wanted the best opportunities for me and moving to a bigger city means that she’ll be able to provide them all and at same time she’ll be able to take care of aaron and bring him up like her own son.
i mean really far away like to australia or nz (we're in georgia, usa).
i'd had it at that point.
they aren't very giving to her though- besides college, they haven't given her money since she left home.
i have oral allergy syndrome (oas).
there’s a chance they didn’t see it at all so maybe i should ignore?
i really like him and he seems like a good guy.
this is why i sometimes have to leave later than typical for shower, especially if my boyfriend is with me before.
furthermore it’s so expensive to go to the theatres now.
that same day i talk to my brother in person and, while crying my eyes out, he laughs at me and tell me that i should be happy that he’s happy.
government admits to hiding embarrassingly lame 1973 extraterrestrial encounter
dollar tree to stop selling assault weapons
genuine happiness now seen only on game shows
aita for leaving au pair host family suddenly?
new study finds nothing that will actually convince you to change your lifestyle so just forget it
i explained to her that i wasn’t ready for the responsibility of a family or a child, and we agreed to slow down on seeing each other so we went to a once a week deal.
she said she wants to invite men because her husband wants his friends to be there.
we went to a party and she barely talked to me the whole time.
however, the idea that i kept to the spirit of the promise, just not the exact wording of the promise, came to my head quickly; in the first example, it had a strong feeling that she did not want to continue, despite her stating that she did.
fitbit releases new tracking collar that gets tighter every second you are inactive
i'm not an incredible student in school, i get good grades and take honors/ap classes, but i don't have the honors kid mindset.
aides clip toenails, wash hair of mumbling, bedsore-ridden trump as president enters 155th straight hour of watching cable news
i had just moved in for my first college semester, so that on top of possibly being a dad crumbled on me and i told her i wanted to kill myself.
man proud of food he ordered
aitah for asking this from my so?
baby-shower attendees quickly drain box of white zinfandel
after a few months of trying to deal with the issue, it was finally brought up by one of the dm's to the couple.
further side info: i used to have a crush on my best friend.
anyways she ends up going and she is saying i’m insecure and jealous.
cackling julian assange disintegrates into lines of code as baffled authorities attempt to handcuff him
kim jong-un comes out in support of gay marriage: 'i'm not a monster'
now this guy doesn't speak any english so he had one of his kids translate for me.
so i brought all my food back into my room, except for a few "looks good, decoys(bullshit i don't eat) i left in the fridge" so i figure, hey, i have a bag of chips or whatever, i'm not going to walk outside and eat than go back in after i'm done when i have it right here?
let me start this by saying i have two half-sisters, both younger and all of us are from different women.
u.s. forces take over key afghan city that will be retaken by taliban when marines leave
salvation air force collecting used planes in your area
doctors reveal dick cheney burning through at least 3 hearts each week
first-time voter will always remember day he cast ballot for nick barborak
about a month ago i asked my boyfriend to marry me he said yes but in the condition that he gets to meet my parents beforehand.
aita for not wanting to share my potential lottery winnings with my boyfriend?
bananas again sweep primates' choice awards
this was a different girl from before, and she regularly kisses male and female friends on nights out.
i also know some people take it and don't ruin their life.
to me, that’s crap and i won’t be welcoming when he relapses back to gaming.
delirious rover hallucinates water on mars
the rest of my friends, and my mutual friends with emily, tell me that i’m in the right and essentially stop talking to emily, while my mom tells me that she’s consulted friends and family and they all think that i’m “crazy for being this upset”.
girlfriend and i have been dating like 4 months.
john edwards pays $30 to register edwards2016.com just in case
additionally, due to the stress of everything, recreation time that usually helps me cope with stress also comes at a premium.
christmas tree still sitting on curb outside rockefeller center
guantánamo prisoners released into cheering dnc crowd
i didn’t feel the same way for him, but i was nervous that if i said no, he would handle the rejection poorly, and hurt himself or do something worse.
when i realized how strongly i felt all this i told my wife basically everything.
one of our continually running jokes is at the expense of c.
tom brokaw touched so many women would go out of their way to defend filthy old pervert like himself
'rocketman' viewers not sure movie really needed 45-minute princess diana death scene
my sister had a friend in middle school that liked me.
mcdonald's janitor would like to thank everyone who tossed half-full cups of soda into trash
well our anniversary is coming up and i had the thought of sending her flowers to start her morning off at work, but then i remembered what she had said.
applying for scholarships because i can’t get aid.
dog held against will inside skype window
she only cleans the litter boxes once a week some times longer.
my mother has recently had changes at work that mean she doesn’t have the same amount of money as she used to, but she still acts as if we have the old amount of money.
i asked him where his screen protector was and he said he "didn't have one cause he never needed it" i thought this was stupid because screen protectors are in case you need them not something needed straight after you buy them.
as i pack my suitcase, my mum comes to see how i’m doing and begins getting frustrated at how long i’m taking.
vatican quickly performs damage control on pope's tolerant remarks
local woman considers telling gynecologist whole truth
area woman not yelling at you, she's just saying
secretary of education given something to do
excited archaeologists hit mass grave jackpot
moon now overrun with cane toads after species accidentally introduced into environment during apollo 17 mission
convulsing teen bleeding from eyes, nose thinks he can feel the synthetic weed kicking in
'planet earth ii' finale finally resolves will-they/won't-they storyline between snow leopard, golden eagle
paula broadwell crashing on petraeus family's couch until sex scandal blows over
christie's auctioneer throws in sketch of a horse he did to see if anyone bites
fridge magnet a constant reminder of arizona's existence
i communicated how i felt to her and she blamed me for forgetting about it so she decided it wasn’t important enough for me and that i would say no when in reality i suggested we speak about it in person and we both forgot.
few months have passed and it’s become a very “comfortable” (or boring) relationship and it’s just not what i had pictured.
thus, i talked to the kid's dad about how his gameplay is unacceptable.
luckily it’s not as crowded as normal so i get a seat and an empty seat next to me.
pepsi ceo's wife buys coke when she's mad at him
i told her that she is either not counting every correctly and quite drastically incorrect in fact, or that she is lying to herself and complaining at a lack of results.
mike pence condemns female senators for wantonly sharing senate floor with male colleagues after dark
she claimed if i answered her questions i’d have my stuff back.
trump gives muslim on fence about radicalizing just the push he needed
i apologized for that and we later concluded that the aftermath, whilst not being her fault, was poorly handled on her part.
god urges rick perry not to run for president
aita for not wanting to pay my brothers extra money out of an inheritance for a property?
friend insists you just have to climb ladder, hop gap, scale wall to see the view from apartment's roof
life choices leading area man to career in self-storage
the cataplexy was so bad doctor's though my muscles had atrophied.
aita for not wanting my (sort of) girlfriend to not date other guys while we take a break?
miracle overpass issues mysterious stream of urine
kendra ended it with him and alex didn't take it well for a while.
they take my statement and tell me that she is at the police station giving a statement.
man desperately trying to wring every last ounce of relaxation from final day of vacation
the interesting thing is just today she casually messages me to play the cod together like we used to years ago, and we did, as if none of this ever happened and had fun.
i don't know them, i don't want to give it to them.
aita for saying my friend's disability allowance is getting money for doing fuckall?
we were watching eternal sunshine for the spotless mind.
we come back after break and she has a boyfriend, even though she explicitly told fred that she wasn’t ready for a relationship.
&#x200b; aita for being annoyed at my girlfriend for wanting to visit & stay with a male friend who's dad just died?
i just recently met this girl, i asked her out on a date and she said yes.
am i an asshole for leaving her to be alone?
finally i come back home, shes still in tears, i apologize and then decide to explain to her what i want.
she did it kindly, but she still said no.
being a year into marriage, and knowing my husband for a few prior, i thought he was used to it - and he really hadn’t shown a problem with it.
man offended by rude female coworker continuing to speak over him after he clearly interrupted her
man has trouble growing full beard of bees
voters excited to use midterms to put country back on different wrong track
unidentified wooden pole leaning against garage wall
local grandmother beginning to realize family never even looked for better nursing home
edit 2: i’m not trying to justify my actions more than recount my actions and the situation.
miss nude america loses title after appearing clothed in woman's day
hollywood diet secrets fall into non-celebrity hands
apple recalls thousands of earbuds that unexpectedly bloomed
'art imitates life imitates art,' remarks man trapped in art museum
beautiful birth marred by hideous afterbirth
we would see them very occasionally and pretend everything was good.
still pretty trippy i sat down and was stuck in my head for a bit.
middle-aged woman believes in fourth marriage, angels
merv griffin leaves lifetime supply of jiffy pop to charity
zell miller named first secretary of offense
area man guesses he doesn't need mc lyte wikipedia page open anymore
apple fans demand other products they can feel directly against skin at all times
i decline invitations to thanksgiving dinners (whether my family's or a coworker's) by saying "[husband] is native american, so we don't do thanksgiving." while it's technically true that he is, it's not the real reason for declining.
i went over and asked her if she could go help me get more drinks from the supermarket, and she used the excuse to hurry out of there.
and i'm not going to pretend to understand how people want to be "sexually fluid" or whatever you want to call it as i'm as hetero-vanilla and monogamous as they come.
aita (25m) for knowing that my gf (23f) is not trying to meet other guys for dating because she wants to keep me as her friend, and not doing a single thing to change the situation?
we fought for a week.) i always want to think he isn't the jealous type, but i am realizing that i have mostly stopped attempting to have friendships with men unless they are someone he hits it off with, which is almost no one.
it's always bugged me that she goes on her phone when we're in bed whether its after we've had sex or when we're just cuddling or spending time together.
please help aita for telling a girl that a photo was of poor quality
she said i wasn’t being “googley” enough and that i wasn’t representing google properly.
we’re kind of pissed off now, because one of our best friends for the past 7 years is hardly a friend anymore, and we’re pretty sure it’s indirectly wilma's fault.
eagle_warrior_1776 horrified to discover its entire life a sham created by russians to tilt u.s. election
supreme court issues 7-1 decision to find scalia's killer
i honestly don’t know where they came from, whether l heard them from b’s councilors or b’s parents.
area stand-up comedian questions the deal with drive-thru windows
annual teeth cleaning reveals three previously unnoticed rows of teeth
'12 years a slave,' 'captain phillips,' 'american hustle,' 'wolf of wall street,' 'blue jasmine,' 'dallas buyers club,' 'her,' 'nebraska,' 'before midnight,' and 'philomena' all written during same continuing education screenwriting class
since we lived in a dorm, it was sometimes inconvenient to buy pods.
pumpkin clearly had finger in it
report: one in three americans will get dessert if someone else does
he hadn’t pushed me, so i’m not sure i had the right to trip him.
pneumonia virus terrified after remembering what clintons capable of
i felt like i needed to cover for my brother, so i teased her about how loud she had been while they were having sex that night and had begged him not to pull out.
then, this girl walks up to the table and she apologized to my brother for something that i forgot.
i do feel bad i kept putting my hands on him when he told me not to but i don't think he should of pushed me like that.
immediately i remember she mentioned something about a friend she hasn’t seen or spoken to in years inviting her to a wedding halfway across the world in the middle of nowhere.
unfortunately, my wife's epidural chose the c-section time to stop working, and she had to be put under general anesthesia, which meant she was unconscious and i wasn't allowed to be in the or when our daughter was born.
i would drink the milk and eat yogurt and throw it in the garbage compactor without anyone knowing.
u.s. census report finds some poor fuck named kip
i'm probably an ass for being jealous of all those guys myself.
study finds 68% of americans unprepared for sudden financial stability
role of tree ineptly played by second-grader
i've always wanted to go there too.
i felt like this solved the problem.
no one had called ahead like they usually do.
i'll keep this short, mostly because i don't entirely remember what happened at the event.
i am not interested in being in a one sided friendship.
pictures of smiling group of people taken where john lennon was murdered
trump bestows medal of honor on john mccain's tumor
she wasn’t easy to deal with and she tried to get another 5 euro donation from me.” i went upstairs and began writing this report while the events where fresh in my mind.
&#x200b; did i invite my boyfriend before asking my friends if that was cool?
we have been together for 7 years now.
wedding experts say engagement ring should cost at least three diamond miners' lives
i will bring the coupon next time, and not be a dumbass.
i apologise for the misunderstanding but say i did not steal the chair and they shouldn't have pressured my colleague.
winner didn't even know it was pie-eating contest
i saw her chatting and wrote "@(female streamer) oh god, i almost fell asleep just reading your messages in chat" she told me i was immature etc.
i love conferences and concerts so much!
something that is decidedly not the message you want a professor to be conveying.
my privacy is one of the things i value the most, and i usually stay in my room for most of the time that i want to be left alone (which is a lot) where i can do my work, or just spend my free time.
hometown wistfully toured via google street view
howard schultz considering independent presidential run after finding no initial support among any voter groups
important decision sent up to company's highest idiot
we connected well and i asked her to get dinner with me.
study: 90% of plane landings just barely pulled off
**customer** i want the items, i've been waiting for them for three weeks.
extension cord on stage steals spotlight from jeb bush during campaign rally
teen runaway starts new high-paying career
new 'do not kill' registry to allow americans to opt out of being murdered
pursued drunk driver crafts brilliant 'don't stop' plan
since then, we've scheduled times to talk, but he keeps bailing.
report: album as good as 'sgt. pepper' comes out about once every month
(with emphasis on the swear word).
aita for cussing my father out?
tearful elon musk warns about dangers of ai after having heart broken by beautiful robotrix
ice machine reaches deep within itself to give man one more cube
johnson & johnson introduces self-lotioning baby
if they just end up missing what goes on, we still have to explain all of the events that happened when they get back.
stunned family watches as grandmother wolfs down sandwich in 33 minutes
and trying to get her out of a potentially abusive scenario?
breakthrough drug eliminates crying in infants
scarlett johansson immediately rejects heartwarming prom invite from high school student
that's why when she doesn't reply to me i assume she hates me and i call her out on it.
but that neighbor did say “i know the guy seems weird but seriously fuck whoever reported him.
it was 11 o clock at and i was in my room.
it is really evident to me how much it is effecting his everyday life, as he is just so addicted to this person yet gets physically and verbally abused.
fucker riding man's ass whole way out to cleveland
i'm afraid that if i just keep giving her time to think she'll remain indecisive but i also don't want to be a pushy asshole.
tanned, exquisitely coiffed bernie sanders tells supporters corporations actually have a lot to offer
and that if he did ever take more, i had his express (written) permission to abandon him in a forest until he sobered up, and would call me for a ride.
i immediately told her she shouldnt be dating him (she's 19, he's 28) and that he shouldnt be dating somone with that large of an age gap.
consumers now required to seek treasury department approval on all purchases over $50
i confronted my fiance in private and she just asked me to not invite her to the wedding.
for a couple weeks at least.
man votes early to get week bragging about it out of way
automakers ask nation if it still wants that handle above car windows
he told me i was probably duped by that store and i don't disagree, but i also believe i did the right thing bringing that puppy away from that horrid store.
humiliated man discovers embroidery on his jean pockets
cdc issues warning of full-blown epidemic of the blahs
old friends from high school meet up every year to say names of former classmates
trump unveils exclusive double platinum–level press room for only select few journalists
he gave some reads that i disagreed with.
no one has ever had a problem finding smoker tenants for this place, so i doubt they'd bother suing anyone over having to do that.
this means i'm usually passing everyone to the left of me, even folks who think they're "passing" on the left.
michelle obama renovates van buren workout room
million robot march attended by exactly 1,000,000 robots
in the interests of context, we'd just had a fight earlier that day.
aita for telling my mum i don't love her?
&#x200b; the other day he said his friend just got done interviewing there and he would send me the info from that interview.
empty yogurt cup completes tableau of used food containers on single man's windowsill
gene wilder's career in ruins following death of richard pryor
wibta if i confronted my crush for lying?
looking back, it was kind of a stupid topic to begin with, but i'm just sitting here, typing this, and questioning why i have a tendency to make people cry.
starbucks offering new lukewarm coffee to help ease customers' transition from iced to hot
some time ago, this choir made some rude posts about me on social media.
denied it at first, but eventually admitted.
a week later he broke up with her again and moved out to his friends house.
my parents decided to bear through this humiliation because i was in high school and they didn’t want to me to lose out on the best opportunities because of this asshole.
my bf [32m] and i [29f] both have cars.
he's a lot softer than me and he's more into video games and all that kind of stuff, and...
we've never had complaints about him before and we've had him for 8 years now so it just seems unlikely the noise he is producing is unacceptable.
weird birthday boy blowing out candles wishes for john hickenlooper to win democratic primary
we have an open relationship, and both see other people as well.
this has happened about 3 years ago in 9th grade.
aita for refusing to pay my new roommate’s old roommate?
the only places we really go for date night is ramen - she can't figure out how to make the noodles, but she still tries so it's just a matter of time - and sushi.
my husband and i have had an in depth conversation about our finances, our plans and hopes for the future, and our expectations and emotions around money.
when i came in i told her “that was a really horrible thing that you did, and i’m not talking until you apologize”.
so my girlfriend and i enjoy drinking with our close group of friends.
would i be an asshole to send the same message to, say, their instagram?
bush not heard from for over a month
aita for not wanting to be in a public/open relationship with my boyfriend?
there's a difference between 'i can't 😂' and 'no' right??
mortgage market collapse threatens nation's banner ad industry
new, improved olean 30 percent less likely to make you shit in your pants
dunbar family forced to discontinue print edition of christmas newsletter
the problem is, we found out a while ago (before they got close) that she had sent nude pics to my friend’s friend (the two of them didn’t have any relationship).
halliburton gets contract to pry gold fillings from new orleans corpses' teeth
she says im being emotionally abusive for telling her that i love another woman.
researchers forced to scrap another sleep study after participants murdered in dreams by serial killer
while i do work quite a few hours, it's low salary, and i pay for other things for myself already.
i ask why and she says how she feels neglected that i didn't message her for 3 months despite me writing some facebook messages that she didn't notice at the time.
megan fox daydreaming about megan fox naked
the person that i had never hung out with smoked poppers (weed and tobacco in a water pipe), and asked me if she could take one inside because it was the middle of winter, i reluctantly said she could take one, and that she had to put her mouth right up to the screen of the window and blow it outside, i also explained that my mom was coming home in 3 hours and i couldnt have the house smell.
woman transitions from being terrified of getting pregnant to being terrified she can't get pregnant
country cd put on to impress repair guy
i'm a straight male and i've recently been called "cis".
guests emerge shell-shocked from rich people's wedding
vulture feeling nauseous after eating bad rotting deer carcass
they say "you can choose your friends but you can't choose your family".
"thank you for holding, this is theodore in home theatre." i'd take orders, make recommendations, let people know what was in stock, what the prices were, curse at customers, hypothesize inappropriate things, make rude noises, be a complete space cadet and frustrate the customer, basically anything i could do to have a nice time.
bush posts classified ad for 90,000 troops
report: u.s. exported 6 billion tons of crude web content last year
my mom got home a few hours later, and when she came to ask me how my day was, i bluntly told her "i had a rough day at school, and don't feel like talking.
this is the sort of situation where i normally would go talk to my daughter, make sure she is okay and if she wanted to play to go introduce herself.
we opted to shower at the spa because we didn’t want to lose upwards of 2 hours of our day.
unfortunately i am really picky when it comes to receiving gifts, whereas my girlfriend is more reasonable.
werner herzog: i killed and ate timothy treadwell in 2003
friends, family waiting for current bout of man's depression to subside before really laying into him
family of congressman glad he finally found outlet for his racism
aita for publicly humiliating my ex-friend for using her phone during a movie?
fred didn’t take our advice (a trend with him).
u.s. military lauded for creating gender-neutral killing field
leno to tell outrageous o.j. joke
aita for snapping at my mom when she’s going through a rough time.
area father takes one more look at liner notes of daughter's britney spears album
and it set off a trigger of doubt in me.
he bought a used 55" roku smart tv from his job.
i agreed to let him stay while he found a place, since we live in an area of the country with a terrible rental market.
dog named murph lives up to name
goody introduces new line of governess hairbrushes for raking across the scalps of insolent little girls
report: there probably not the best place to stand
drunken man careens wildly across internet
my mom and i are close, and she's been supporting me all my life.
facebook informs data leak victims whether they need to burn down house, cut off fingerprints, start anew
i know this girl and i also know her family is not well off and live in a very dangerous part of town, tons of drug dealers, illegal workers, street prostitutes, etc.
these run $40,000 and the organization would have me pay a fraction of that (about $2,500 + travel, food, outing expenses).
report: vulgaria may possess flying-car technology
**given the context and my "evidence" for him being gay, would i be the asshole if i finally went to him directly and confessed my feelings, knowing that he's said he's straight and has a long-time girlfriend?
85-year-old russian stares at cement wall of room
that night he got drunk and made out with a girl that he had a relationship with years ago at a party his girlfriend was at.
the longer the starbucks order, the bigger the asshole i think they are.
wibta for decreasing a groups grade?
and she expected the dog to just fall asleep.
showoff pallbearer carries casket by himself
aita for telling my husband and his friends that they're not funny and their jokes were disgusting?
rat fancy magazine fails to catch on
white house adds eight inches to white house fence
from her perspective, the fact that her friend had troubled her roommates added onto his already frustrating behaviour from that night.
half a year ago, my dad passed away.
when we met, i did say she looked cute and i've been calling her cutie ect and stuff when we are messing via texts.
(we were both yelling the whole time) me: what the fuck are you doing!
man sentenced to 3 months probation for 17th-degree murder
morton unveils individually wrapped salt grains
jenny mccarthy lured to fox network by bright light
nta so a long time ago, i made a joke on a bulletin board than an asian actor looked "mongoloid." mongoloid is a medical term for "a person with down's syndrome." i was reported and my post deleted for "being racist and insulting to people from mongolia." long story short, i fought, i gave a list of medical journals and articles, and i got banned.
i have a private meeting with m, they apologize for email and we clear up what was true/false.
my girlfriend says that if he respected either of us he wouldn’t want us apart when we are in love.
i i really do not want to be the asshole as i do think it is bullshit when nonpublic figures face repercussions at work for things they post on social media if they are not representing their place of work on social media.
he’s never expressed any anger and knows i’m back with nick.
trump outlines bold vision for nation's next mass protests
she ended up falling back into the sled and slid down the hill.
personal trainer impressed by man's improved excuses
highlighting in used copy of plato's republic stops on page 17
you didn’t want to show her everything’s okay rather than leave her to stand there crying!
argument about capital of australia occurs 10 feet from encyclopedia
high schooler promises to have man's impregnated daughter home by midnight
anyways, one of my trusted teachers is on my volleyball team, so during morning practice i went to tell her and it turns out, these girls are telling that same teacher that i was talking shit about them, which i never did, btw.
i believe i haven’t broken any rules sir!
study finds leading cause of depression hearing words '2016 frontrunners'
i'm not into hitting girls but i don't like people giving threats like that to my loved ones.
new 'game of thrones' trailer provides sneak peek at show's climactic all-cast dance number
sonny bono foundation prevents at-risk youths from skiing into trees
part of me feels like this is wrong but the other part knows this is the only way i can fully 100% put this behind me.
india opens new mohandas k. gandhi nuclear-testing facility
ergonomic advisors call for $30 million in federal lumbar support
in reality, i went back to johns place and grabbed anthonys board, stashed it, and then picked it up once john and i parted ways.
blood-soaked mayor bloomberg announces homelessness no longer a problem in new york city
area man just ruined it for everyone
i was ready to snap but i controlled my anger.
he's not good at it, and it's not his job; it was mum's.
we met in nursery (preschool i think for american ppl) and our families exchange christmas gifts and are friendly with eachother.
cackling npr host warns upcoming segment may feature content too dark, too chilling, too positively ghoulish for young listeners
tiny dog suffocates in louis vuitton bag
i just worry that she's going to end up leaving our life goals in the dust because she's trying to climb that ladder.
could australia be building another yahoo serious?
aita for getting annoyed by my friend bringing over my crush's crush at lunch?
my friend and i go to work in another area for a different leg muscle.
&#x200b; backstory: right after i was born, my parents were in a situation where they could not take care of me.
shy man narrowly evades free sample
eleven-year-old used as human shield in dodgeball game
when confronted he looked me in the eye and asked twice "what the fuck is your problem?" and doesn't think i should be upset.
i never told her the day or talked about the “trip” and hoped she’d forget about it.
jack lalanne pops back up after cool down
&#x200b; i feel that by just ghosting her, it is sort of some justice for the lack of effort on her part.
burger king unveils new low-fat cashier
most girls will take the pill or have an implant, and that's that, because when used right they're usually completely effective.
children starting to see through dad's claim that doubletree hotel part of disney resort
nasa completely forgot probe was returning today
i have asked a few other friends and they are split between 1) chores should be split evenly 2) fuck 'em.
i have no problems or any sort of predicament with my parents or siblings, whenever i see them in person, it's a fun time.
we can still be friends but im not going to this dance friend: they'll be food.
aita for getting mad at my dad for locking me outside?
i told a full-timer i expected compensation of some sort for her actions since i shouldn't have to deal with a ruined shirt.
new 'game of thrones' teaser shows cackling, power-mad george r.r. martin burning completed 'winds of winter' manuscript
now he said the dishes could be communal and because of this i would occasionally borrow a plate for when i would reheat food, or a fork, or a cup.
if there's one thing that her instagram profile says, it's that she desperately wants a boyfriend.
he enjoys lazy days around the house and cooking for me at home instead of always wanting to go out (which with a lot of guys it just seemed like they wanted to show me off).
setting: company party last night at a fancy restaurant.
campus tour guide just needs to make stop to change out laundry really quick
i don’t want to be in my mid to late thirties with a toddler.
she continued to yell and tell me she found not accept it and she was just going her job.
i'm very soft spoken and in fact, most people ask me to repeat myself in conversation.
he knows about my suicidal thoughts and that i was discharged because of it but he doesn’t know the reason why i had those thoughts he respected my privacy about it and didn’t pry which i was thankful for.
i feel that this is unacceptable behavior for a friend and told him so.
i don’t know he exact cost, but i think he said before that he paid a few thousand dollars for it.
kid with rough home life gives mickey extra long hug
report: tv teens 15 times more likely to crack wise than real teens
rust belt town protests construction of new truck stop that would obstruct views of state penitentiary
thwarting of arch nemesis leaves sky commander feeling empty
it is douchey to wear earbuds in public.
hollywood quietly shuts down after realizing that entertainment a delicate matter of subjective opinion
said friend told my wife i'm no longer allowed.
while i do understand the joke he is trying to convey, and a lot of questions can be answered by checking the syllabus, depending on the professor that is not always true.
not to mention the fact that this rejection is sabotaging my therapy as i have had more regressive thoughts this past week than in the past 4 months.
i take particular care when cooking for her as well as factor in what to cook for my son, it can get cumbersome juggling both requirements.
we dont have the extra funds to be buying pot ect.
okay i understand it’s painful but in this situation you need to make sure that child is okay.
i have always had a lingering attraction to her, and we have a very playful/flirty relationship.
milo (my dog) just walked up to him and smelt his hand.
exactly what i asked not to do.
there was one time where i stayed 15 minutes longer where i talked with two students, and he was accusing me of cheating there.
so eventually we did call the property owner.
we are very religious and oral sex is considered sodomy and homosexuality is not ok.
report: average american spends 25% of life waiting in line at cell phone store
so i work a job where i walk a lot.
wibta if i break up with my girlfriend due to lack of attraction caused by her weight?
i got into a call with my friends later that night with the two other people that couldn’t come.
so now i’m wondering am i still the asshole?
hopes, dreams crushed by panel of d-list celebrities
nra releases downloadable blueprints for first 3d-printed gun lobbyists
boxing coach wishes just once he could mentor someone who has already fully worked through childhood trauma
food network production assistants prep guy fieri with dry rub
i mean, i know dogs bark, but this was too much.
employee keeps up the good work
now my husband and i have been having issues in our marriage and while we are currently separated we have been going to couples counseling and seem to be on our way to reconciling.
well, her parents had said that they didn’t want her to go, although we’ve all already paid $1000+ and booked it 6 months ago.
why not just eat the left overs instead?
so, she goes and gets dressed and tells me to order it.
mind, we never signed anything when we moved in here, least of all anything relating to a deposit.
but hubs spotted a 3d printer, unopened, and said "i've seen this on amazon for around $300 so it will probably go for less than that.
hot-rod-lincoln-driving son may have contributed to father's alcoholism
try to engage in a normal conversation" "what if you're wrong?
in the unit below us is my bf's twin brother and one of their lifelong friends.
cover author working on word-for-word remake of 'moby-dick'
fisher-price designer would like to see 2-year-old try and choke on newest version
aita for making fun of my friends skin color?
john kelly resigns in last-ditch effort to save his and trump's friendship
my plan is to hire a cleaning service to pick up the slack that i can’t get always get to and have her reimburse me for as long as it’s needed.
new aphasia study finds empty fullness brokered yellow ideas happily
aita for being upset that a waitress spilt coffee all over me at a work event, as an intern?
now she wants me to move in with her where i already know i will be extremely sexually frustrated.
i however am not, at all.
cop vows to hunt down punk who successfully pressed brutality charges against his partner
dr. scholl's introduces line of sexy lace insoles
but about halfway home i realized i forgot to give her the money for babysitting that day.
tv viewer relates to totally unbelievable character that could never exist in reality
the mood in the room is really sad and kind of angry in the room, apparently one of our student dorm leaders (think like camp counselor), lets call him chad (lol) had been expelled, so i put 2 and 2 together and figured out that he had been caught in the mass bust.
peruvian shockingly knowledgeable about u.s. history
i like most of my coworkers and don't want to leave them like this, but i really cannot miss this event for my school.
if she died on the second week why was she working form home all of the first week?
if her parents offered to pay to fly her out (or all of us like she suggested my dad do), i'd be 100% okay with it.
man not sure why girlfriend having him hang cluster of empty picture frames but willing to go with it
double-entendre doesn't stand up to scrutiny
she wrote back a message as long as my arm in under five minutes.
campbell's unveils new tomato soup humidifier
nate silver ages 40 years after accidentally using polling projection model on self
what really pissed me off is that she almost drove my best friend to tears recently over dinner, basically indirectly criticizing her for always hanging around someone elses man instead of finding her own.
clinton delivers stump speech in moscow warehouse in effort to appeal to russian hackers
i point up to the light and say, "the seatbelt light is still on." he responds, "well he could get up or just urinate here on you," like i'm the one being unreasonable.
so i went for it on monday.
could i have maybe handled it better?
6:30-7pm is bath time, she feeds him and then he is down for the night by 9-10pm.
i’ve had talks with him before on how he needs to keep it short with his “lectures.” many times before.
sometimes the water is shut off in the morning and we are not even told until it happens”.
nation's huggers announce plans for you to get over here
serious mitt romney demanding to be addressed as 'mitthew' now
my wife is on maternity leave and she had no complications with the birth and is not bed ridden or anything.
i can kind of see them wanting to get more exposure on their post, but am i wrong for thinking people shouldn't do it?
so my friend(timmy) has known this guy(richard head) for a few weeks, works with him and they became friends pretty quick.
brad pitt decides to grow out forehead hair
sales of guys gone wild video disappointing
bags under tommy lee jones' eyes causing him neck problems
i can't change how they act.
divorced parents a little hurt child's christmas list doesn't include heartbreaking wish for them to get back together
i feel bad for how badly i've treated those two girlfriends in my past but i can't be living in the past forever.
white house press corps wishes show of solidarity over banned reporter could be for better news organization than cnn
from what i can gather she is plucking up the courage to end it but is worried about doing that for a series of reasons.
that's what cats are like to me, and this cat is just everywhere when i am hanging out at my girlfriend's apartment.
entire meal prep for week eaten by tuesday
failed attempt at hyperbole yields dead-on statistic
after the game some friends joined us for some drinks in a bar that she was going to meet us at before going out.
we both were in shape when we met and got fat together.
additionally after the first time she rejected me we never really talked about it so there wasn't ever really a sense of closure, so i was hoping by talking we can close things up and move on from there.
aita for using aita to make my partner aware that they are in fact an a?
blender left on to keep cat company
judge sentences lori loughlin to 100 hours of community theater
i’m sure they expected me to tell them a week or two before i really left.
she has over 5000 unique titles in her collection.
aita for lying to my bf and letting him believe his ex cheated on him?
new rnc ad endorses roy moore: 'he's a scumbag, but he's our scumbag'
new gallup poll finds 40% of americans probably going to skip michelle's party
report: trying to hug oncoming train still leading cause of death for nation's idiots
woman in kickboxing class can tell she's going to whine about how sore she is in the morning
i feel disrespected, i don't think it's right that she demands i throw away an hour of time every day, which i could spend doing literally anything useful otherwise, especially not when there are many people in the class that are late every day and there is no problem, since, as i said, this is a very casual class.
so i suggested that we have a bbq at mine instead if they would be happier with that?
despite this john decides to constantly talk shit about my girlfriend.
me: lol i'm not buying shit u can take those bottles and shove them wwaaaay up ur ass rm: okay.
my sister buys a lot of food that stays in the fridge and goes off so it later gets thrown away.
i found out later though that she has a 29 year old partner (we are both 19).
now normally, i’m not one to fuss, but me and the shop owner jeremy have a gentleman’s agreement where i’ve been going to him and his shop for about 25 years now, he’ll usually put me ahead of the line and save me some time.
clif bar introduces new savory clif loaf
so reddit aita for making that joke?
she will be staying here in our city indefinitely as she likes it here, but she's down to come just as a fun vacation.
water pistol fired using sideways gangsta grip
jeff is not exactly struggling with to pass his classes, but his grades are rather low and he doesn't have much hope for his future.
which also means he has been lying to me constantly (and more concerning, believably) for almost a year too.
i knew the guys pretty well, but i never really talked to the girl until this past month.
😁" her: "haha that's life for ya" me: "i didn't think after it finished that you would go home immediately but it's cool" her: "well i am tired af from work 😂" her: "also my family just care about me a lot and want me to be safe" i didn't respond after that.
we broke up august of last year and ended up stop talking to each other altogether at the end of the following october.
perverted creep keeps asking women what they're wearing
dog can't believe owner left on fucking msnbc to keep it company while she at work
i think what gets me the most is that the people around me don't seem to get annoyed about these things either.
$300 and a couple of days later she’s still ignoring me not even apologizing or explaining what happened.
grandmother really starting to get the hang of dying
i could have gone around but instead i rode up very close behind them and when that didnt work i flashed my lights until they moved over to the right lane.
trump honors sacrifices civil rights activists will have to make under his presidency
atlanta-area church to burn ceremonially throughout olympics
i am a freshman/junior (came in with aa), who lives in campus housing with a freshman and a senior.
now keep in mind, i did not know about this, but i was still generally upset with her because i felt like she played with my emotions.
am i the asshole for asking him to do this?
&#x200b; i have a feeling i know a prevalent question that will be asked.
we all told him to end it and get over her because she was treating him like shit.
stack of unused cd-rs turns five
i guess i did feel a bit entitled to give one of the talks.
so i immediately pulled closer to the car ahead of me, but because of the corner there was a gap on the right side (because the turn is to the left).
cryptic long john silver's campaign just says 'you are the bait now'
'your father died peacefully in his sleep,' assures hospice nurse who spent past 6 months watching man wither away in agony
today was bf's actual birthday and abf texts “by the way happy birthday dude.” to which my response was eyes of flame.
aita for not believing my best friend is pregnant and not congratulate her for it?
michael cohen completes first stage of intricate plan to break incarcerated brother out of prison from inside
indiana becomes fourth state to ban great sex
tried talking to her for days but she wouldn't open or respond to anything.
seaworld dynamites orca that beached itself on concrete walkway
trump announces he'll pay legal fees of any rally attendee who beats up ted cruz
usher to put shirt back on when usher ready to put shirt back on
fbi: six dead not really 'mass' murder
in the heat of the moment, i took the money from him and let him leave, taking a picture of his tag.
report: seasonal depression still better than purchasing tiny sunshine lamp
so aita for forgetting to pay the sitter 25$ for yesterday and deciding not to go back and give it to her because of the dog?
over the course of the 1 month, i have been waiting for her to end her work and sending her back home via public transport.
study: majority of americans not informed enough to stereotype chechens
aita because i wasn’t comfortable letting my girlfriend go to a concert alone with a guy friend she met 4 months ago?
(cheap apple earbuds) after classes to unwind (at random times from 12-9pm) i try and produce on these speakers.
conversations pretty limited when friend not in midst of crisis
mom breaks into son's apartment at night to administer 2013 flu vaccine
she says that dark humor jokes are malicious and discriminatory, and i repeatedly disagreed.
she says now that this was stalking.
unemployed sibling makes last push for group mother's day gift
he paid for my sisters wedding.
employee returns from vacation refreshed, ready to waste time
it didnt occur to me at the time that this could come back and bite me.
i have never had any interest in history and as a result have really struggled with it therefore i don't really see a problem with doing everything in my power to get through the class and onto something i'm actually interested in.
perky optimist brings joy everywhere she leaves
i did not bring him up to resolve conflicts with violence.
peripheral acquaintance casually mentions she was molested
billboard seems oddly proud sting will be playing at foxwoods casino
coach angry every player gets a trophy
arizona high schools to now teach spanish entirely in english
woman still holding onto hope that toxic friendship could blossom into a toxic relationship
man's genetic predisposition for heart disease no match for 10 half-assed push-ups he does couple times a week
over the next few months she'd come down to the city and we'd hookup and honestly i was in love all over again and we were kinda basically seeing each other but not official or anything.
lie to cover surprise party sounds more fun than surprise party
i apologise and go to get some napkins.
for example, a load of students were making a real racket and i decided to ask him if he could tell them to quiet down.
dennis hastert fights to locate, save neck
area loner to dwell on past
snl audience moved to tears by soulful, end-of-episode piano music
we then fly back on the nye.
i've pulled out the books right in front of her and started working on lessons or whatever and gotten no reaction at all.
justin timberlake tells jessica biel no one will believe her
4-year-old shows new doll the ropes
this is something i didn’t really think i’d have to ask myself after 3.5 years of being with my so.
pizza hut introduces new meat sympathizer's pizza
but that's not what i'm asking.
obama narrowly misses quarterly performance bonus
i think i was within my rights, and i was honest and forthright with my boyfriend about the conversation abf and i were having.
boyfriend’s friend wants to stay out of it as she thinks it’s between madison and i.
man recalls desperate, exhausting 14-month job search that made him want to get into sales
aita for judging people on the length of their starbucks order?
a couple of hours ago, stan lee died and news got around.
so in my tripped out mind i'm thinking well fuck my friends aren't getting along what can i do, and that was my only thought during the peak.
today, he got an email from harvard asking him to apply.
aita for sharing my insecurities and "making it about me"?
trump vows to bring back ohio town's white castle
beloved showbiz legend and national treasure michael douglas actually none of these things
on-line gambling too depressing to even think about
my kid, middle school age, wants to go on a trip next summer sponsored by his school.
we've always been friends but we didn't really hang out that much until a mutual friend, bill, moved away a few years back.
now she could still get a taxi and expense it back, this would take a few weeks but due to the small amount of money (£10) it's not an issue financially speaking.
well, 2 of my housemates are jewish, one of them isnt really that deep into it, just belives because her family is ( i suppose) but the other one takes it really seriously, and not only religion, lets say you cannot say any opinion that doesnt match hers because she get offended easily.
suction cup-wearing robert mueller forced to cower behind white house chandelier after trump returns home earlier than planned
l.a. grants clippers $12 for new nets
aita for doing my own mechanic work
'this will be the end of trump's campaign,' says increasingly nervous man for seventh time this year
we always hung out and did a bunch of after school programs and shit together.
a few hours ago we were talking about christmas, she then started saying that she felt kind of sick and i told her that it could be because she stays 10 hours a day playing candy crush on her cellphone and it was not healthy and that could be causing her the headache.
i just think that the holidays aren’t the right time for this sort of thing.
she hemmed and hawed but eventually said she'd respect my wishes.
aita for hooking up with my best friend while she was in a committed relationship.
she said that she thought that was super sweet of her co-workers husband to do that for her, **but** if that were to happen to her, she would be "totally embarrassed" (her words).
a few other things were happening concurrently with her - her own relationship with her (now ex) bf was falling a part and she had to move back in with her parents, a friend of hers died of cancer (after a year’s long struggle) and she had some weird skin reaction so her face was pretty busted for a number of days.
fey rights group demands distinction from homosexuals
parasites just getting the hang of how host does things
she can’t let anything go, she would rather dwell on it and be sad about stupid shit.
at the time, i told her not to stress about it and pay me back when she could, because she was having money issues at that time.
on saturday he works 8am to 530pm.
furloughed federal employee starts online search for new government
crowd can't believe balls on frontman who waited till third song to ask them how they're doing
he told me that he thinks he’s bi.
i know i'd be an asshole for stealing him from his gf, but if he's genuinely not interested in her and just using her as a cover/for sex, is it justified?
ok, so autocorrect did kinda jack it up, but i clarified it.
she was now the "odd one out" when it came to weight.
my wife got a job and we moved and i've been.
study finds 12,000 americans die annually in what are made to look like car accidents
slightly overweight middle-aged woman really carrying rest of church choir
boss wants friendly, relaxed company culture in place by friday
she doesn't clean it up or put trash away.
&#x200b; &#x200b; so my question is, &#x200b; am i an asshole, for giving a talk at a university, for staying 15 minutes longer to talk with the students there?
i thought 4 days with the family would have been enough, but not the whole week!
later on i told my boyfriend that was he said hurt me, and i reiterated that i already feel guilty for having more money so this didn't help.
we were doing counseling (i have my own, and we have a separate couples counselor).
alternative-medicine practitioner refuses alternative method of payment
delicate little man kept awake all night by having coffee after four o'clock
i’ve been complaining for a while that my daughter doesn’t listen to me.
it’s at this time that she confesses she has already slept with someone else, and that she wanted to do stuff with me a few nights ago.
ice detains tim kaine for speaking spanish at campaign rally
she then asked to me to grab her one too (she didn’t really want a whole pizza, but since we didn’t want to share was going to eat one).
cameron crowe to release only soundtracks
senator dick durbin forced to watch state of the union address from home after getting ripped off by ticket scalper
aita for getting pissed at friends who chose some of their college application essay prompts at random?
michael jordan accidentally packaged in plastic
lives of mitch mcconnell, john boehner, eric cantor retain meaning
it creates the most awkward situation for us.
i miss them so much, but on the first day they came, i couldn’t get myself out of my room to speak with them.
it is expensive and i will not use it so i logged in and cancelled the order.
my partner said i didn't need to snap at the waitress but i expect them to either know or find out what i believe is an easy question.
his mother (my ex wife) agreed to fund the trip for him.
new evidence suggests ancient egyptians only ever visited pyramids when friends were in from out of town
she asked for one back so i sent a shirtless pic.
rosa parks not really honored by new bus depot
at first i enjoyed the feel as well as the extra work it gave me, but recently it's been happening all too regularly, which halts and creates issues for the jobs i need to get done.
friend working at milwaukee history museum could probably get you in for free
law schools now require applicants to honestly state whether they want to go to law school
three boomers feared dead in jenga collapse
**agent** is there anything else i can assist you with today?
i especially feel shunted that under-classmen were preferred over the graduating seniors.
aita for wanting my bf to do my homework for me?
panicked oyster praying that lump it feels forming only a pearl
that means she's sitting in the golf cart while i'm moving mattresses and water jugs, i'm setting shit up while she's telling me to man up and i had enough.
jared and ivanka holding each other at gunpoint in kitchen after simultaneously revealing undercover identities
op’s g: (4:08pm) how soon can you be here?
there was some nudity, large breasted girls, even a lesbian scene.
prefacing the actual story, i suffer from adhd and sensory processing dysfunction.
the biggest problem for me is that my feelings towards her have now grown even after we met and shared a lot of intimate moments.
tldr: i call people monkeys when they make a fuckup.
aita for not taking out the garbage?
so this guy over in r/squaredcircle is being an asshat.
we went on a cabin trip with friends, one of which is a cool new friend we’ll call “p”.
taken from discord sister: if someone has a concern about something that she disagrees with, shes really good at minimizing peoples feelings, its literally like getting emotional support from a brick wall.
new biography reveals einstein devised theory of relativity on paper because he wasn't smart enough to invent microsoft word
god names rightful owner of west bank
but i feel like a healthier thing to do would be to make some distance between us.
some time should pass and i want things to become less extreme (edit and clarification.
they commit time and energy into being scouts, it's not just a costume to them.
tip of area man's tongue refuses to relinquish richard crenna's name
investors remind mark zuckerberg he can't fuck with them like the simpering cowards in congress
as we get older i only ever see conor at parties involving binge drinking.
increasing number of couples now using surrogates to have, raise baby
i am in the most basic choir i class offered, as it sounded like fun.
he had 4 children (all over 20+ years old) and a wife.
she's pretty into it and she puts her arm around me.
god!" she moved toward me with her purse cocked back to swing.
roommate 1 tells me a couple days ago that he ordered the same pair.
i ripped all of them and threw them away..
the spot on my right front fender had a mild scrape on it from a pole i had scraped a few months before this.
michael cohen promises more damaging recordings of trump already public
my wife and i each had some extramarital affairs but worked through them mainly for him.
when we get into an argument, i will occasionally turn this into an argument point and he is quite affected by it and will instantly apologize.
both this time and a few days ago have been on rural highways in illinois so the cars are not thatttt common.
firstly, i felt shocked because she's on the pill.
i was delighted that i only had to pay for the one pound.
romney tells heartbreaking lie about single mother of 4 he never met
i have been in a happy and loving relationship for over five years with my boyfriend.
science teacher struggles to justify showing total recall
if you go in from the street side you have to drive around the back of the mcdonalds to get to the drive thru line.
he made a big post just to get upvoted and talked about how we were “spamming” that sub.
aita for asking my fiancé to not get a visible, cringey quote tattoo?
i’ve been proud of how well i handle it.
m responded to this by calling me a childish asshole and claiming i only told l to ruin their friendship.
six-year-old announces plans to become ballerina gymnast veterinarian horseback-riding princess
i pull in to the mechanic’s shop i go to since i know him pretty good and he gives me a good deal.
this has never happened before and i spoke to her and asked her if she can put herself in my shoes and while she agrees that he was being disrespectful, i should have not said anything to him.
so every day on my way to the gym i eat a bag of pretzels.
jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality
aita if i'd rather spend time with my friends than with my foreign family that comes once a year?
video-game character feeling healthier after eating turkey leg off ground
aita for disagreeing with my manager regarding my job title and duties?
u.s. loses u.n. membership after soapy bo obama jumps up on secretary-general
man wishes there was some sort of sign he could put on his house to let visitors know he has gone fishing
shit-caked, urine-soaked man determined to enjoy carnival cruise
california to release all prisoners who seem nice enough
new taco bell menu item ready for testing on humans
i can't go fast because of my weight and i try to but every time i do i get clumsy.
kid figures he'll go down slide 35 more times then call it a day
'you've got them right where you want them, mikey,' michael cohen mutters to self after pleading guilty again
obama visits kindergarten to read class 200-page memorandum on health care
lindsay lohan's rehab stint off to great start—and she's gone
i've always gone for significant reasons.
i want to talk to my cousins, i have so much to say, but i’ve deprived myself and blew it.
i thought i could cope with this because of how epic he was in everything else.
i sorta slow down messaging her, since that could be the issue.
area father remembers when he thought killing family, self was crazy
i went into a bad downward spiral, feeling unwanted and that he was cheating on me behind my back.
we decided that we will talk about this tomorrow.
so tonight she sends me a photo, it’s of her in a pretty drab area, with shadows cast on her face, and the contrast way off.
tl;dr best friend got friendzoned by a girl in highschool.
i couldn't be arsed to remove the mushrooms so...
i tell her that i'm okay for a cuddle night as long as we have sex first, or at least a nice long bj.
'are our nominations diverse enough for you whiny dipshits?' sneers academy president unprovoked after listing nominees
thieves make off with museum's most valuable docents
ben carson tormented by periodic rational thoughts
she's actually doing pretty well for being 91, she's not bedridden or anything, but she basically just spends her days watching tv punctuated by going down to their dining room for meals.
woodstock '99 revenue projections displayed on multi-colored, laminated boards somewhere in l.a.
i go back to celebrate sister coming home, still worried about the whole thing.
at this time one player's already left, and both me and another player just want the game to end as fast as possible.
real-life family feud offers no fabulous cash prizes
investigation of what fell off nightstand postponed until morning
i lack the same morals as regular people, and in the past i have engaged in regressive behavior.
woman with shitty job her own boss
as of february this year she’s been moved into a home due to the fact that she can’t care for herself.
frustrated writer tosses another crumpled-up laptop in trash can
but if you come from the grocery store side you can pull up directly to the spot to order as long as there isn't a line already.
basically, he didn't know she was invited and he wasn't happy about it, and he left immediately after the ceremony when his groomsmen duties were over.
trump called up for vietnam service after last of draft deferments expires
they mosey their way over to the squat rack next to ours.
unsettling study finds second cousins technically fair game
my son couldn't sleep, he was tired of it.
area man to try showering at night
on an unrelated thread my original subject called me an asshole in 3rd person to another player.
but girls mistake guys' names all the time during sex right?
groceries strategically placed around checkout conveyor belt's wet spots
&#x200b; i am furious and upset and kind of heartbroken.
it’s not like we can’t text...
aita for hanging out with my friend’s crush and ruining her reputation when she got mad?
trump calms nerves before inaugural address by reminding himself he's the only person who actually exists
coworkers agog as employee introduces new shirt into rotation
inconsiderate passenger takes up entire overhead bin
she and i are in an \~short\~ ldr, and i have expressed to her multiple times how much this hurt me and how i do not fully trust her because of what happened.
this is also plausible because she spent major money on another girl's present, but their relationship is pretty sad to look at (like master and servant).
new archaeological find suggests mary magdalene was actually a size 12
aitah i don’t like my nephew because his parents are shit heads.
new historical drama just 90 minutes of woman holding up petticoats while running through open field
i don't particularly mind the extended family but i limit my appearances to 4 times a year.
i was really flustered and just told her it's because of personal reasons and did not get into details at all.
freezing woman dining outside desperately clutching cloth napkin for warmth
there tends to be a week with 3x and then not as much the rest of each month (she tracks it, but i think it's less than it says).
nation's prospective college applicants go straight to princeton review's 'best college radio station' rankings
aita for freaking out and reporting to hr that a man used the women’s bathroom at my workplace
now, i have nothing wrong with girls who sleep around.
in conclusion,by spending on research and development and planning parenthood i believe there would be much difference.therefore,i dont want their curing.
i thought there is enough space for this guy to carry the table through the floor, so i kept looking at my phone.
viewing ads on website sole way in which man contributing to economy
i get a sinking feeling in my stomach and ask her what’s up.
i ignored him and kept doing it anyways because it was our deal from the beginning.
we had great chemistry before leaving, but she claims it was one sided and she was just hanging on to me to be able to walk and that she was not touching me in a sexual way.
i try so hard to find ways to spend time with my friends and its just fruitless.
everyone in sporting goods store looking for something to get on stepson's good side
i told first friend he would never have made the server anyways because he lacked the knowledge and didn’t seem ambitious enough to learn how to do it.
now let's consider the scenario where the man always puts the toilet seat down.
two of the people coming were going to be two people that are my best friends, and the others are people i'm acquainted but not very close with, but would like to get closer.
he has almost no concept of paying bills aside from his car payment.
cheney to speak at republican convention from section 109, row 56, seat 3
new york attorney general claims assaults were just him role-playing as unaccountable male authority figure
now small office so didn't get a chance to ask her privately if everything was ok but she never said anything to me or to my/our supervisor.
i was hard on him because i was scared but i just wanted him to be accountable.
again, she left it unread for a few days (despite being online in the meantime) only to read it today without responding.
trump boys announce they will not hesitate to egg russia if provoked
also i mentioned earlier it was in winter, specifically christmas break when most students go home/aren't on campus (i was one of the few exceptions).
soon enough, we’d planned our week ahead and eventually got onto other personal topics because we don’t really call very often.
mike pence struggling to reckon with vision of prophet muhammad revealing that vp destined to become next president
ronald mcdonald statue bears full brunt of teenagers' mockery
i see why my so was a bit annoyed with me.
man parallel parking tries to leave enough room between cars to infuriate other drivers into just giving up
old little league trophy stared at
but i *assumed* they both knew they were into each other.
you can hear me poop and go “ahhhh” sometimes.
robin williams still missing after three-day free-association binge
trump raises $50 million at fundraiser where gop donors get to watch him weep for 2 hours
college freshman from florida has never seen people complain about snow for 5 months before
the last 2-3 days there was some banging on the wall but whenever i asked if anyone was there i got no response, which my half awake ass lead me to believe that he developed some sleep disorder where when he moves he hits stuff (my brother does this so i thought this may be it).
rex, rob ryan finally get bunk beds they always wanted
we generally take precautions to keep them apart and safe.
i suppose i am asking are my intentions assholish?
poll: 89% of illegal immigrants would prefer path to corporate status
i and a number of colleagues took care of her until she became well.
elizabeth warren spends evenings tutoring underperforming candidates on creating comprehensive policy
everyone on flight annoyed by screaming kid rock
i told them they were all out, then i let them split the rest of my candy i had so that to my dad it looked like i bought them candy.
just a few minutes ago, i was ordering stuffs from audible.
donald trump spends another valentine's day completely alone
one guy who does still treat me with respect is my roommate, who opted to stay out of the conflict and not take sides.
i am one of those people who like to make a few plans in advance.
jessica simpson reveals slimmer figure after chopping off limbs
wibta if i had sex with her and then ghosted?
i always felt i was to smart to be pranked, but i guess i was wrong.
met a girl at work about a month ago.
'i make my own hours,' says man about to get fired
we were at the gym earlier and she happened to be there too with a friend.
other than doing stuff like this, i would also frequently called her at night.
it's their perceived indifference that sets me off.
bush caught in one of his own terror traps
i will say there's more context and history than what's in my post as to how they treat me, but nonetheless you all make really good points and i appreciate your candid responses.
thanks to everyone for the input.
am i the a hole for not wanting to trust him anymore?
edit for tl;dr: girlfriend is mad at me for searching for a "friend" (really acquaintance) of hers on facebook that she specifically told me not to contact or friend.
(edit) the hit was reflexive and an accident (edit 2) i had moved away so the last time he hit me somewear where i had been hit before (i am a boxer) so it was pretty sensitive.
beanie broker urges storkholders to sell
aita for calling my girlfriend out?
wibta if i called in a noise complaint on my landlord for playing music?
my mother happened to text me later in the day and asked me how i’m doing.
michelle obama quietly reassigned to department of agriculture after butting heads with president
scrabble come-on only worth four points
&#x200b; so last night i tried to initiate again and was hit with the classic "sorry, i'm really not in the mood." we haven't had sex in three weeks and hearing that really struck a nerve.
he became really aggressive then, shouted "i don't have eyes on the back of my head" and left.
aita for planning to go behind my brothers back to give my nephews santa gifts?
tea-party host struggling to keep conversation going
she is adult and is able to make her own dietary choices, i feel like i was just trying to bring up some talking points on nutrition.
a ends up agreeing and says that it kind of gross that he hasn’t washed them.
the day comes for our scheduled solo activities and as she is about to leave, i boot up the game, tales of berseria, that i purchased.
so my emotional state was not well to say the least.
this being said, i have developed a strong prejudice against alcoholism and drunkards.
make-a-reasonable-request foundation provides sick child with decent seats to minnesota timberwolves game
rnc builds levee out of poor people to protect convention site
aita for wanting to know about my (now ex) girlfriend's sexuality?
she goes on to say that from what g has told t, it looks like stockholm syndrome, just like her ex.
now, after the mba finished, he kept giving her this monthly allowance, of say $1000, which helped her a lot, but as usual, he was usually late and once he also "forgot" to pay a month and that was it, $1000 less.
when we first got together i mentioned that porn wasn't something i approved of, but we never discussed it.
area theater has strict rule against bringing in outside movies
i remember reading about a gorilla at rotterdam zoo once who would become upset if humans looked it in the eye, which inspired me for the next solution.
shameless coworker doing nothing to conceal clearly flaccid penis lying beneath khakis
family braces as autistic son discovers amtrak's 'track a train' webpage
&#x200b; the guy who got her number didn't last 2 days with her.
she said her problem wasn’t “solely on noise” but “noise in the presence of guest”.
report: more americans putting off retirement until final few moments before death
june 2018 shes gone & i finally move in.
budweiser american lager purchased at tavern
tl;dr picked up a stray dog, couldn't keep or find him a home so i dropped him off where i found him.
she told me about her husband and everything and why she hasn't left the house.
chinese tv show canceled after drawing only 180 million viewers
scotland more relaxed when sean connery is away
barr releases catatonic mueller after removing all sensitive material from special counsel's brain
aita for using a friend to practise my social skills with women?
i have nothing against making a cake or cookies or something for the party but i dont think it is our responsibility to feed everyone at the party which could have many guests.
i am nice to her and offered to give her an extra 20 minutes on her break yesterday because she was stress despite the fact that i work upstairs and only work downstairs to cover peoples breaks.
she has men endlessly trying to get with her because they think it’s “hot” that she’s in esports.
she did apologize for the mistake and tried to go get towels.
parents' password a grotesque combination of children's names, birthdays
months later, a couple nights ago, i'm on the path to giving away more things to the same group of people.
so me and my ex have been on and off since august.
i told her my intentions and made it clear who i am as a person.
i would respect if the bride told me i had to wear a suit, but i don’t feel like spending money on a suit just to fit in and to satisfy one of the bridesmaids.
did you know about that?" i told her i understood completely and had really struggled with deciding whether or not to ask.
congress not sure what it did to make trump think it wouldn't roll over for whatever he wants in syria
swiss guard charge writhing mass of black tentacles devouring pope francis
(she evidently knew who she was trying to offend) aunt: \*laughs\* my sister came in crying.
bob dole makes car and driver 10 best list
cameraman strikes gold with tubby fan eating ice cream, dancing, holding baby
we dated all throughout highschool, and long-distance through college (tough!), and ended up getting married at 23.
area man's favorite things all types of meat
&#x200b; however, people i've spoken to say i shouldn't be upset with her, she doesn't know any better, she can't be excluded like that, etc...
honestly, i wanted him to apologize for what he said.
this happened twice, actually, with slightly different scenarios; i'm the common denominator in both these somewhat unfavorable situations, so i'm concerned about this.
sun thinking of just collapsing now and getting this all over with
i thought for sure i'd get caught somehow.
over the past about year or so he has been hooking up with his secretary.
prescription put in 2009 new year's eve glasses
my parents are about to get home, who would obviously not appreciate a tripping (and psychotic) teenager in their home -- huge liability to them.
i asked her about her own weight and such and she said to me that she hadn't lost any and had in fact gained some.
clinton takes stand against harmful uv radiation
i live in arizona, and i saw a small cat/kitten come right up to me.
i was mad about that too, but only because it was so soon after him dumping me--in the end i had told him that it did upset me but i knew that it wasn't really my place to say anything about it.
senator from troubled home state repeatedly acting out in congress
nation's ninetysomethings gear up for last year of their lives
aita for resenting my friends because my bachelorette party wasn't a big/road trip?
area man really banking on unconditional love doing most of heavy lifting for mother's day bouquet
huckabee campaign suspended after candidate trapped in briar patch
i want her to be healthy and happy.
military aides try to cheer up kim jong-un after failed missile launch by putting on surprise execution
it was a brief tap, not enough to make my tires squeal or anything.
i didn’t want to bother the owner with buying a new chair.
even if they aren't what i wanted to hear, they're what i needed to hear.
i would never cheat on him.
anarchists rise up, move to different cafeteria table
because we would have to be gone for so long, and because our baby is pretty high maintenance, there is no one we feel comfortable giving that burden too.
i later learned why my ex had been acting so weird that day.
employees annoyed at having to attend 3-hour-long sexual seduction training
do you think this is fair for a cop who does need a certain level of strength and fitness aita for saying recruitment policy at my company is sexist against men
we call each other every night and i rarely ask her to send nudes, and i don't ever expect her to send them whenever i ask, but she like gets personally offended when i do ask.
amazon fires warehouse worker who took unauthorized breath
i had a reputation as being good student and pretty serious guy, so a lot of people took my post at face value.
when we met we were part of the same friend group, and the entire group did stuff like this.
i said, “what the hell man, fuck you”.
i was surprised that hubs still bid on it - he kept going til $500, but we are on a budget and can't spend $200 on a toy, so he let it go.
pipeline company rushes to contain oil spill to small section of media
red cross issues reminder they can't accept donations from people with loose blood cupped in hands
and the truck probably has $20,000 in damages if not totaled.
idiot zoo animal with zero predators still protective of young
shit hit the fan when i admitted that i felt nothing talking to her.
i tell the first guy that i'm selling it to the new guy and promptly complete the transaction.
i’m staying with grandparents for the holidays, we’re skiing and stuff.
unpopular high-schoolers downplay significance of prom
and because of this out friends are very different, his are obviously into the same stuff..
however, she had a fever of 102.5 yesterday, and my mom is immuno compromised due to her ra (remathoid arthritis or something, idk the first words spelling).
owner tearfully releases american pharoah after triple crown win
gulf of mexico inducted into opec
all in all the total cost of gas was about $120 both ways.
i believe that any woman i am with should ask me out equally as often as i do her.** **d) i believed, wrongly apparently, that we were further along in our relationship and didn't need to schedule time with each other.
i moved in with my late grandmother (rip) about 3 years ago when i transferred to a college in the city i currently live in.
nation's police officers now too heavily armed to go undercover convincingly
so-called 'atheist' doesn't even barge into churches screaming 'you're all brainwashed fools'
secretary of agriculture finally gets around to reading fast food nation
heat wave forces johnny cash to don black shorts
at the time i was kind of surprised because he never showed the signs, but i still supported him.
i was like, "oh ok, are you guys coming back" to which she said they were.
before you say something, hear me out.
facebook just filled with crazy idiots now
it was just hilarious at the moment.
hillary clinton reveals zero in non-candid, tell-nothing interview
teen scores awesome oral cancer poster
as someone who has pathetically struggled to make and retain close relationships this is a big deal.
i was going to talk to my friend away from this kid, but i couldn't help myself and put him on the spot and started to question him ....
he persuaded me to inform my dorm security.
i told him i needed space and he said ok, hasn't contacted me since (which is a little suspicious...) i also found of from him that he going to evening classes once a week on the day he told me he was out with his friends.
ups reports troubling drop in residents answering doors in lingerie
at this point i took it as my que to disengage and pack up.
breaking: fuck, fuck, fuck, this got out of hand
6-year-old boy thinks he might be too old to be in women's locker room
then i grap her ass and she said "don't do it." and didn't do anything.
grace also made one of the smartest people in the class (besides me, no offense to anyone else there) her enemy by bullying her to the point of tears and causing her to have anxiety every day before class.
however, a few hours ago my brother's girlfriend posted quite a few less than appealing tagged pictures of me (and other select family members) without asking permission to do so beforehand.
i'm not a scrooge or anything.
everyone who started watching 'mad money' in 2005 now billionaires
then i asked if she was more angry about it than he was.
chicago police department to monitor all interactions with public using new bullet cams
he apologized for being an ass all day.
on one occasion, she was blocked from attending to an exam and she found out that the reason was that her dad had "forgotten" to pay for the last **eight** or so months.
that's all i have to say.
adult film industry replaces 500 porn stars with hydraulic robotic fisting arm
hollywood announces plan to remake jimmy stewart
republicans, democrats unite in good laugh over reform party
&#x200b; today, i asked my girlfriend whether i had broken the special promise that i had made to her - the promise that i owed it to her to keep.
driver kind of bummed to see other car he been driving behind for a while take exit off highway
wistful kim jong-un stumbles onto childhood drawings he made of nuclear attacks on west
bunch of hick nobodies sue for toxic-waste exposure
penny not so lucky for tortured soul of lincoln trapped inside
clinton reminds new yorkers she moved there hoping career dreams would work out too
i feel really guilty about this and i know it isn't right.
wife and i just celebrated 27 years of marriage last week.
american medical association introduces new highly effective placebo doctors
unemployed businessman has time for headache
they must’ve followed someone through the gate right as it opened and took my spot while i was gone.
report: reuben rated top midsize sandwich in its class
man at bar has incredibly complicated reason for why he enjoys rolling rock
flash forward two months and i started getting close with a friend (she is a) and told her some of that information.
pornographic website visitor chooses subscription that's right for him
nsa assures americans that prism 2.0 will be way more invasive
she usually only does trash and even neglects that sometimes.
laughing is beyond my control, and i couldn't help myself at all, i think this is kinda an overreaction.
he asked if i have been smoking on the couches, and i said yes.
blushing brett kavanaugh admits he flattered christine blasey ford never forgot his laugh
inaccuracy of every single detail forces student paper to pull story at last minute
let me explain: \- she *says* (two years ago) that she is going to quit watching k-drama (since they take up soooo much time), and here we are, two years later and she is still hooked watching k-drama \- she *says* (also two years ago) that she is going to start losing weight, and fix her eating habits, but she hasn't done any of that.
hungover energy secretary wakes up next to solar panel
whether or not you know anything about their mental state (which, for her privacy and because i didn't think it was fucking relevent i didn't disclose) is a really shitty thing to do.
i don't want to get fired for this.
thing is the vouchers are electronical and you need a code that is sent to my phone each time which requires to be logged in with my card's credential and so on, in short i needed to be there for her to use them.
this, along with other factors such as severe social anxiety and dysphoria, lead to him becoming more depressed.
thursday is the same, hear nothing, couple more messages sent and phone calls from both the office manager and our supervisor go unanswered.
all-knowing invisible hand of free market once again guides millions in profits to nation's bead stores
later that day o found out that she cried during lunch.
i’ve been dating my girlfriend for about 6 months now, and we have been having problems for the last month or so.
romney, ryan sneak into dnc while posing as caterers
soon after coming out he left the school for some horrible disease i forget the name of but it's not infectious so there's no excuse there.
article about one world trade center building includes paragraph explaining 9/11
i spoke to daughter and explained that she had really upset me by maintaining that the piece of paper which she had never seen before today was worth completely ignoring my request.
man who treats women with respect asked what his secret is
new final draft update includes stock female characters to help fill out scripts
i wasn't interested in looking (as per my promise) but now that he's doing that, it definitely raises a red flag or 5.
white house carefully screening any gun control town hall questions that address obama as 'mein führer'
the cat seems to be fine and i clean up the mess laughing at the fact that i get to clean up cleaning supplies (better than it being shit).
around a month ago, sam told me his graduation is at the beginning of november and he's traveling to scotland.
i explained my situation and told her i couldn’t see it.
that bruce guy still won’t look me in the eye, though.
&#x200b; after my stagette, it was the end of summer and victoria applied within her industry.
i just said that i will report you if you break rules that are already in place.
u.s. capitol cleaning turns up long-lost constitution
there is a set order for the course and the course starts at mod #110 and goes to mod # 116 or some such, after which it starts again at 110.
for some reason we have never talked about actually trying again together.
we bought it specifically for the completely fenced in, large backyard because we have five dogs and i have a toddler i don't want to take outside 5+ times a day.
i still talk to the noodle gimp and we hang out from time to time, mainly just hiking or having fires and just doing fun shit without any crazy emotional engagement.
christian pornographer refuses to film sex tape for gay couple
depressed nation really did not think it would take them this long to get over death of jack klugman
at first i didn't want to talk to him too much because justin is from one of the rough and poor neighborhoods that got absorbed into our school district and my parents told me to stay away.
honestly though, i'm not sure if this relationship is a good idea.
i don’t dismiss these jokes on premise and ridicule the person making them because that’s not polite and it’s a joke, not an ideology.
they spent about $100 american dollars on a nice, fancy shirt for him.
supreme court justices brought to tears by heartfelt testimony of bigot who hates gay people
i started get up and say it was time to go.
so i simply told him to hurry up.
i haven’t made up my mind yet.” he’s fully aware that we’re not the biggest fans of wilma and that we think that them dating for 8 months isn’t enough.
aerobics enthusiast believes in crystal light, self
i plan to move into my own studio apartment soon and i don’t plan to take her with me for many reasons.
i push it open and this big dude whose also in the frat (i never talk to him) is on the otherside carrying cases of beer.
we switch off on who is the designated driver each weekend, and this past weekend happened to be my turn.
area man incapable of making plans without excitedly rubbing palms together
aita i answered post and got into a back and fourth with another redditor.
our relatives and my uncle wanted to us move cities take care of my cousin aaron, because my uncle works in middle east and comes back home only once a year.
so one day he eating plates full of food and he been talking about how people at school keep calling chubby and fat and it is making him upset.
and yes, i know that some people don't consider nudity a big deal around others.
and with that most of my previous relationships stem from the guys i am dating on really dating me because of my looks and the "status symbol" of dating a model not because of me as a person.
anyway, we keep our house really warm.
employee slowly realizes boss attempting to have normal conversation with her
i just decided to have a little experiment.
i don't want to be on bad terms with him but i felt like i needed to tell him this.
(disclaimer: many of you may think im an asshole stoner, being a total chump for doing this but i'll just say it's legal some places and i thoroughly counted the coins twice while not under any kind of influence.
i subsequently tried to ask her whether she only said those words because she is tired from work or whether i did something wrong that might had made her angry earliar on.
she and our other best friend are upset with me for not saying anything and for not being able to come to dinner and consider it suspicious.
when we were there and unpacking, my boyfriend realized he forgot some of his meds at home (he has restless leg syndrome, trigeminal neuralgia, some sort of tmj issue, anxiety, and gerd), and decided to find the closest walgreens to transfer over the meds he takes for tn since he gets his meds from the walgreens at home.
we do not really share many similar hobbies or interests, so i don't find talking to jeff entertaining.
however, his farewell party coincides with my girlfriend's work event.
i'm straight and i think people like ryan gosling, ryan reynolds etc.
i was in the bathroom at the time so i didn’t know who it could be.
cbs sitcoms under fire for using prison laughter
additionally, my last shift would be tomrrow, sunday, and i would feel uncomfortable working around people i let down.
the party was in a normal sized room, so everyone saw us, including my ex-girlfriend.
she is a heavily depressed woman who hasn't left her house in over 20 years.
kennedy space center displays suit worn by buzz aldrin while lobbying for nasa funding
busy obama sends drone to pick up sasha from school
she even offered to fix every single mistake in my japanese, an offer which i gladly took, although i kept reminding her that she could stop anytime if it ever became to exhausting.
but my friends later told me that i shouldn't have experimented on a friend who trusted me, and that she probably didn't object to my touching only because she was internally confused about what's going on.
my job involves either constantly interacting with people, managing conversations, and building/maintaining relationships or it involves deep, intellectual, isolating work, neither of which make it easy to catch up with people on background during the work, and by the end of the day i'm pretty spent socially.
i become passive aggressive at times and say things about how i'm feeling really upset and mad because she still didn't give me a rock solid answer as to why.
me (24m) moved out of my mothers home and into my girlfriends (22)f)moms/grandmothers home after we've been talking for almost a year.
obama urges young voters to ignore how many lousy candidates democratic party runs
however, i felt that chris was close to john and didnt care for me, so i started not talking to chris too.
technically this is okay as i said i don't mind her being round 3 days, but now i don't think i'm cool with her round the whole weekend.
i stupidly did not even check if i worked and i just assumed that i got the days off.
dice rolled on hot dogs in back of freezer
however, if one so chooses our college offers a winter term where you can pay to take sprint classes that last the duration of the break.
&#x200b; i've always felt bad about it but reflecting upon it, i think he may have overreacted.
russian interference had no impact on election, reports website created 8 minutes ago
when talking to the front desk, i remained calm but let them know that the spa shower was uncomfortable experience for both of us and recounted the especially poor experience that my wife had.
god purges millions of souls from heaven now that sexual assault being taken more seriously
they were super adorable, and i asked if her kids were adopted.
local man hates self, family, others
i guess my regret was seen as more validation to her.
geithner refuses to come down off capitol dome
**customer** yes, thank you **agent** i’ve issued a refund of $47.7 for your item.
child buried in backyard under popsicle-stick cross
trump staffer grateful to work with so many people he could turn over to fbi in exchange for immunity
i really could not understand why they all wanted him left out when he hung out with us so often already.
man's weekly recycling just boxes of nestle drumsticks
pitbull mix only bites off half of toddler's face
i mean its obvious shes a wreck but she has a support system, her family, her deceased bf's family and her friends.
my wife and i took in a 15yr old teenage who was homeless.
parents surprised cruel teen daughter hasn't pushed classmate to breaking point yet
report: anxiety disorders induced by trump presidency not covered under gop health bill
she liked it and said no one had said things so nice about her.
i was with my girlfriend for 6 months and everything was great.
tea party congressman listens to constituent who wears thomas jefferson costume everywhere
but then in the end she asks me “is it okay if i still talk shit about you?” wtf.
natalee holloway, osama bin laden celebrate 5-year wedding anniversary
second-grade music student goes nuts with cowbell
what do you think, reddit, aita?
my mother talked to my godmother and said that i had heard the conversation too (apparently my godmother also overheard the conversation).
she took me back but she never could forgive me.
everyone in town hall debate audience has spouse who lost health insurance and is dying of cancer
new homeowner suddenly fascinated by molding
voter dreading being sent over to visibly stupid poll worker
nabisco tentatively adds hummus to list of approved ritz toppings
man who has never seen horseshoe crab before understandably freaking the fuck out
seaworld to discontinue great white shark ride
she tells me i'm full of drama and that she's not coming home tonight.
she was shouting all this at me in the middle of the hallway, adding on to what i put earlier, she also said something to the effect of "i hope you need something from me (letter of recommendation?)" and "i hope your grade point average drops low enough so i don't have to round up".
car passengers launch urgent, mid-street investigation into whether woman in parking spot coming or going
struggling used bookstore has tried everything but organizing books by genre and author
but i think she's so dumb for making such a mistake.
we got him around 7 mo old.
clearly without knowing the job i cant really get straight answers.
friend attempting to provide comfort has no clue what the fuck she's talking about
glowing ahmadinejad: 'i am the nuclear weapon we've been building'
casual drink with acquaintance actually first move in elaborate chess game to get hired at united.com
disgruntled bandmates worried rivers cuomo's wife becoming the fifth weezer
i should make it known that i didn’t leave them with no childcare.
i was largely absent due to work (construction) that frequently took me out of state.
edit 2 : fixed a spelling error aita for yelling at some kids for not including my disabled daughter in play?
we got our asses whooped equally and treated to an ice-cream equally.
-i’m 28, unemployed, and live with my parents.
aita for taking my friend's idea, applying it to a meme, and posting it on reddit for karma?
exasperated james holmes requests media stop calling him 'alleged' colorado shooter
lame cyberattack on atlanta doesn't even turn atms, street sweepers into killing machines
i then stated that i think it is good, that most of society doesn't think it's good to be overweight.
we said goodbye, and when i got home i basically wrote her a message basically saying i need space indefinitely and that if she sees me i don't want to talk to her.
aita if i start getting angry at my boyfriend when he plays games for too long?
tl;dr : my parents are going through hell because of my abusive and disrespectful brother (who’s going through some mental issues), but can’t move out due to some external issues like national politics.
doctors no closer to cure for old-person smell
my question is, would i be the asshole if i told them to get their shit in order or i am going to leave, and that i don't plan on coming back to stay for more than a day or two at a time from now?
22-year-old broke, homeless 10 days after taking control of own finances
exec seemed chill, and volunteer wasn't offended.
trump: 'any shooting actually inspired by me would have left thousands dead'
m says they are his dishes, and we haven’t got bugs, besides i can’t see them from my bed (i can), so why does it matter.
woman assaulted by celebrity just needs to sit tight for 40 years until dozens more women corroborate story
i was very hung over, so i went to seven eleven to get some arizona iced tea (two because i was feeling extra thirsty) so i walk in there, grab my teas and go to the register and there is nobody there.
law school applications increase upon realization that any fucking idiot can be lawyer
bf was with me at the time, we were spending one of our rare nights together, and told abf he couldn't as he was with me.
study finds girls outperforming future employers in school
don't be taking that shit out on me." \-and she was like "this is my spot.
we then decided to get married so she could come with me, something that she has agreed upon since the beginning.
prince harry humiliates royal family yet again as base invaded by afghan insurgents
dh is really butt hurt over ss's decision to stay with b and wants nothing to do with her.
i tried one night without anything and i tossed and turned all night, so i basically just said screw you im gonna do it anyways i can't sleep without it.
supposedly educated professor has no idea how to get bird out of lecture hall
joe arpaio's family surprises him with detained hispanic motorist
new bin laden tape contains three previously unreleased monologues
al-qaeda: latest missile attack bears hallmarks of u.s. military
and honestly hanging out with them bores me...
movie deemed acceptable for mom and dad
so it's new years eve, alcohol is flowing and everyone's having a good time, i'm there with girlfriend who sees some people she knew from her childhood in the neighbouring booth.
area sorority girl concerned about war and stuff
sw: he's been at work for the last 20 hours.
michelle obama seen outside walking family rhinoceros
at first, i assumed this was because he found me unattractive, and whenever i asked him why he wouldn't want to do anything sexual, he said he just wasn't interested.
(example: went to a craft beer place, left and agreed to meet our friends at a second place.
texas sheriff cracks down on chicken-on-chicken violence
man who enjoys thing informed he is wrong
financial experts recommend young grifters start laying groundwork for long con by 25
we’ll deal with it next semester, because unfortunatly she’s likely to be my roommate again given the limited girls in our program.
i want to do everything i can to reassure my gf.
we would rent out a vacation home, play silly college kid games and just have a good time before a couple of us moved out of town to pursue grad school.
things really came to a head when she was gone on a friday night we were supposed to spend with some other people we knew.
well, back there it seemed obvious that i was the asshole in the situation.
obama, rachel goldstein really hitting it off on group trip to israel
only way base jumper can get thrill these days is by jumping tandem with endangered species
on friday, when i got home, my ex had called in sick.
they've been arrested multiple times, so i'm not going that route.
they were happy, my aunt didn't notice, i was happy.
aita for telling my bf we should breakup for not watching my daughter?
i haven't even thought about it that much but it's 3am and i guess i got kind of angry about it.
new trump campaign ad claims that illegal immigrants currently murdering you with knife
i said i understood, but i'd like something different and i really just didn't want to go to the nearby town where we just walk around.
architect presents obama with generic options for war memorial that could work for syria, libya, yemen
i'm still super angry about it and it *almost* makes me want to fill out an ice form in order for him and his family to go back to their country.
smug new mom going to start a blog
we are not “enemies” or anything now, we just distanced ourselves.
fda approves of what new drug is going for
i felt like an evil sociopath.
last night she asked me again how i felt about this whole relationship and i told her that it hasn’t gotten better but probably a bit worse (feeling wise).
when she told me i was audibly distraught but i didn't say anything confrontational to her.
for one, i'm not her father.
over the course of the night, i should note that, the person waiting our table changed twice.
it’s tuesday, new years, and he messaged me this morning offering to come over.
tl;dr my brother was on the game while i was trying to sleep at night.
i honestly feel really bad about doing it, part of me feels like she was being respectful the whole time and that i was the one out of place, but part of me also feels like she shouldn't have done that.
he’s not always annoying, but he is more than he isn’t.
&#x200b; eventually she started dating another guy her age (m19 lets call him mike), even though there was a kind of attraction between us, it was mostly platonic.
'curses!' shouts fist-shaking meals on wheels ringleader as trump cuts off gravy train
we often call it our other family.
i think she deserves to know the truth, but i also think it could crush her at a time in her life where she is supposed to be the happiest.
i had one credit left; being the broke college kid that i am, i was going to spend my final credit and cancel the service.
'decision 2000' actually made in smoke-filled room in 1997
panhandler demands explanation for failure to provide quarter
flag in front of post office can hardly remember a time it wasn't flying half-staff
i saw cupcakes i guess we were going to decorate but no one initiated anything.
should she really be locked, and i banned for questioning this shit?
i have asked him to reinstall them before.
that is why we couldn't go to the embassy for an emergency passport replacement.
area dad will only watch things in hd
marketing scientists successfully map the human heartstrings
nanny appears in child's drawings more than mother
pet owner not bothering to neuter loser cat
crytek, the developers of the crysis series, have been working on a new game called hunt: showdown.
i stood the rest of the game to spite them.
grimacing congressman quickly drafts legislation for charley-horse research
we kept it at kissing, making out, going on dates and foreplay.
now, i'm in no position to call them dumb, nor is it my wish to do so.
he sells drugs low key (ike 3 customers) and i never really cared cos he was fun to talk to, always surprised me with his intellect, and we just had fun times together.
last few republican senators form roman tortoise
cat internally debates whether or not to rip head off smaller creature it just met
for one thing, i had never had gone on such a trip with friends and for another thing it's from what i hear something people in my fraternity won't forget.
aita for not initially responding positively to my 19-year-old friend’s and her so-of-6-month’s engagement announcement
i ask him if he is interested in any hobbies but he really isn't.
star wars fan collects all 48,720
this 'cash card' had no stipulations for its use; it was essentially a gift card with a 12/31/2018 expiration date.
they dated for two weeks and he stayed with her in her dorm.
aita for smoking on the couch?
anyway, i usually call my mom with stuff like this, but we’re so much alike that we just end up agreeing with what the other says.
i suppose that part is true but i didn’t think it was a huge deal and i wasn’t aware that he had asked until after i talked to her this morning.
is it made here or in italy?" "i'm not sure.
banking reform measure prevents chick-fil-a from calling itself a bank
all of a sudden she was in an immediate hurry to leave to retrieve her vape, even though i offered to buy her a new one!
they loved me and took really good care of me.
i was driving home on a 55mph two-lane road going 60mph.
puzzled nation can remember name ferguson, but not sure from where
hammered office depot manager thrown out of chili's
very atypical from all the years i was at this institute.
small-town residents come together for arby's raising
his real mother is a deadbeat.
'candy land' screenwriter under impression fans counting on him to get this right
no problem, kind of annoying -- would have liked to be warned -- but as long as he stayed grounded in reality it wasn't an issue.
get home and about half an hour later i get a text from her that reads "hey!
when we get into arguments she asks why am i like this but i can't just say the truth outright.
aita for making my sister cry?
i was sleep deprived and she was hovering with all this tension and it came out poorly and i feel bad for yelling at him so loudly.
new 'wondersplint' makes fractures appear larger; fuller
but then, she tells me that she's feeling really cramped, and needs more leg room.
experts warn climate change will increase incidences of stepping into puddle and getting whole goddamn foot soaking wet
amazon warehouses stocked with 20,000 doctors in preparation for healthcare launch
she pulls me aside and starts to talk to me about how inappropriate it is and degrading to their relationship.
i didn't want any of it.
i played the lottery with two friends; it was my idea, at first they weren't interested at all, but then i convinced them that it would be fun so they agreed.
he can sometimes act properly but he's more of a nuisance than anything else.
aita if i don't think my little sister is cute?
so why was my ex so adamant i should put the toilet seat down?
schwarzenegger elected first horseman of the apocalypse
i’m not a stranger.” tensions began to arise at this moment.
i always leash them on fairly short leads and will take them up to the mail box occasionally to get mail.
in retrospect staying at this restaurant was a bad idea anyway because of the money situation.
god humbled to be the answer to 'jeopardy!' clue
now at the day ittself me and my two friends were stressing over where to go while we were eating.
i got my monitor back, but only because i had asked her cousin to tell her that if she didn't return it, i would take her to court.
computer analyst unable to fashion crude tools, grind wheat
she also brought up that food she cooks tastes better to me because she's tasting and smelling it while it cooks so her senses are dulled by the time it's served, but she has the most acute sense of smell/taste i've ever seen so i kinda think it's just an excuse.
i'm not trying to skimp on that.
tissue feeling a certain responsibility to lift tissue behind it halfway out of box
new titanic film told from iceberg's point of view
extremely effective therapist just lets patients beat shit out of him for 45 minutes
no leads sought in asshole's murder
following me around the store wallowing for 10 minutes.
camera crew discreetly trails overweight woman for obesity segment
mumford and sons take home coveted 'vest of the year' grammy
essentially i work a full day every day, spend \~3 hours hanging out with my son after i come home, then jump back on my laptop to do more work after he goes down to bed.
aisle of hispanic food items all man needs to know about fate of country
realtor emphasizing neighborhood's proximity to much nicer neighborhood
bible only work of fiction in family's home
new employee doesn't understand that's where zack sits
i've made it clear to them but it still seems they are at it.
i’d much rather go with my bf and i’ve actually already told my best friend that i’m gonna go to that party and i can’t just stay home for her because she promised something.
my sil later called me could not believe what had just happened.
for another school i got accepted into, i emailed the department head and asked questions about their school and he got back quickly and answered all my questions and more.
it was mostly pretty ridiculous stuff, like that spider porn video and shit like that, until i spotted it: in the chat d had posted a picture of "lolicon" hentai (drawn child porn for those who don't know).
'98 camaros test higher than owners
he starts yelling at me i yell back at him.
i walk to the couch and sit down.
my boyfriend read my messages and discovered this, and flew into a rage telling me that i needed to stop.
cartoon peppers on menu a foreboding warning to all who would dare order spicy entrees
i apologize if it did not come across that way.
'look at all the tiny houses,' whispers trump as jet reaches 10,000 feet
elaborate sentence construction facilitates omission of word 'boyfriend'
which leads me into my next point.
i gave the guy my address for him to pick it up (my mistake) and he said he would come by in a few days.
war on string may be unwinnable, says cat general
michael j. fox reluctantly fields hoverboard question during parkinson's research benefit
my partner thinks i overreacted by yelling.
she is constantly getting knocked and whenever we play with her we end up babysitting her because she can’t hold her own even in a 1v1.
breaking: thriller writer jeffery deaver at top of his game
horrifying police body camera footage clearly shows current state of america
i didn't help that this happened over a weekend when a lot of places were closed.
report: some shithead out there makes so much more money than you
i know what it feels like because a few years ago i was even heavier than her.
the waitress looked at me but didn't say anything.
i loose my shit and tell him to wash them and it’s disgusting.
wistful woman wonders if this could be the one she'll sleep with for few weeks before losing interest
it was the middle of summer, and my mother-in-law was in town to visit.
bel-air homeowners association issues fine to resident with unapproved wildfire in front yard
smithsonian acquires rare photograph where whole family looks really nice
tsa agents to now simply stand at checkpoints and remind passengers that we all die someday
area woman said 'sorry' 118 times yesterday
i told them to be happy and defend their honour they need to beat the main bully up and get revenge for everything, it would be the best if they destroy his life.
i only meant to offer some positive feedback, but i clearly overstepped.
breitbart criticized for publishing humanizing profile of libtard beta-cuck
he sometimes does laundry and helps under protest if i make him.
they never listened and kept letting their dog run around the neighborhood, and unfortunately, the dog ran into the road and got hit by a car and passed away.
last person to voluntarily write essay dies
imagine trying to get with a girl while daddy is always watching.
this was when i invited her to a friend's party and boy did she get dead drunk.
bono outbids everyone at charity auction for bono-autographed guitar
the four of us were chatting and i was making coffee and generally just doing everything for the group.
we didn't get anywhere as he kept making excuses not to talk to him about it and ask his friend to tone it down.
after cleaning the plates today i noticed that he had hid all of the parsley i had sprinkled on his eggs under his cup.
okay let's start this off with there are 4 main people involved in this situation all of which i am friends with and a lecturer.
cambridge analytica whistleblower admits last few weeks at work have been awkward
black man in support of confederate flag triples his media appearance rates
i say i hate the way you're acting.
suzanne somers named u.s. thighmaster general
congress allocates $90 million to protect remaining eagles members
i feel like since they were hired, they should have gone out of their way to socialize with me!
i fully understand how i possibly fucked up my immediate future but i haven’t been able to afford anything since he wants to me to try to be partially finically independent.
man wishes women in crowded bar would let him read jane austen novel in peace
prom date arrives in freshly washed pickup
i was cruising along at about 80 mph while the flow of traffic was closer to about 75.
i call the guy's gm and tell him what i know.
but little did i know gorgonzola was a type of blue cheese.
i stand on my feet all day doing the same monotonous thing over and over apart from a 30 minute lunch break.
i'm going to talk to him tomorrow and hope that we can come to some sort of compromise.
girl in park acts like it's no big deal she's wearing bikini
(i haven’t told him it bothers me, as i don’t want to hurt his feelings) i know some people’s parents aren’t around anymore, and i get that, but my dad should know i love him without us having to text each other every single day.
this means that the rest of the class could be in a completely different point in the course for themselves.
i knew exactly who he was but he was cute so i fucked him anyway.
melania trump's plane forced to make emergency landing after smoke begins billowing out of first lady
anyway, me, her and a couple of friends got wasted a few days back and she dropped the bomb when i saw her body was covered in bruises.
this is more complicated than it sounds.
did i hand you enough paper to equals $15.81, pretty lady?” so she calmly handed the one-dollar bill back to me and gave me a very awkward $4.19 in change, consisting of no less than ten individual pieces of u.s.
new roommate bestows apartment with unexpected windfall of end tables
jennifer aniston engaged to guy who frankly will never replace brad
buchanan reveals thousands of americans made in china
sxsw as cool and as real as it gets, reports marketing associate
got together again a few weeks later, and we were together for a few days.
it took a post on justnofamily to realize just how much i'd let my mother's opinions shape my own, and it's been a process freeing myself from them and forming my own genuine ones.
teen newsweek reports north korea is the bomb
context: around new years my girlfriend told me that she wasn’t happy, and that the past few months she felt like we weren’t together anymore.
daughter apologized but i told her that the apology meant nothing unless she threw the flier away.
ted cruz attempts to connect with voters by wearing more handsome man's face as mask
we share a lot of the same interests, we've had a great friendship, we go to the same college, and he's the most attractive guy i've ever met.
when people or other dogs are in his face when he doesn’t want to play he doesn’t know how to show disinterest without getting aggressive.
edit...the post from frat crew is literally my son, and yes, i agree driving under or just at the posted speed limit is a drag for other drivers, so not talking about my wanting my husband to do that at all, i drive usually around 70 -75 mph as well.
pentagon to withhold budget figures out of respect for american families
we also have pets that need to be taken care of, and boarding them cost a good few hundred dollars last time we all visited.
i have to mention that my parents completely funded my entire college expenses including monthly allowances.
study: best method of finding job still excitedly circling newspaper listing in red marker
i know this seems bad, but hear me out i’ve been friends with this girl i know from school for about 4 years now, she’s the one who started talking to me, she’s basically the one who created this friendship.
am i the asshole for laughing at racist jokes and telling them?
giuliani puts odds of trump-mueller interview at 50-65
so i pulled over about 100 yards past her victims (they could still see us) and told her to get the fuck out of my car.
wasn't a big deal, she was being social with other people.
i like her but i really hate her.
him still being alive is too good for what damage he has caused in his time, as well as what could still possibly happen.
(not going to share the name here for obvious reasons, but i can assure you that almost everybody would do a double-take if they saw the name posted in big letters on a door).
about 80% of her messages would be "hey", "yes", "no", "haha", "maybe", or just same vague emoji of a girl shrugging her arms.
none of them introduce themselves or acknowledge me, but i'm really just talking to the coordinator, the guy, and the drunk girl.
now, within our common friend group this seems to have been common knowledge.
national friends alliance vigorously defends right to have great time palling around with buddies
tl;dr i fed my friend false information for 6 weeks and basically convinced him he caused my family financial stress as a joke aita for playing a prank on my friend for 6 weeks
i realized after the interview though that i just don’t think i’m comfortable leaving my baby with a teenage boy.
father sits teenage son down to explain how sex with mom works
my friends were drinking very heavily, along with my girlfriend who was very clearly wasted by the time we called it a night.
putin condemns ukrainian people's unprovoked 1,000-year occupation of south russia
he was fast to dismiss this, because she told him otherwise.
snuggle marketers kill off 18-34 demographic rather than let it fall into hands of competitor
i'm pretty sure that the last one is indifferent.
what she replied was that she doesn't want to spend time with me because she wants to see what it's like not being with me, since this was both our first real relationship.
it doesn't look that cold out, reports man who doesn't have thermo-sensing eyes
vital info on iraqi chemical weapons provided by u.s. company that made them
4-year-old reportedly loved trip to italy
we both have decent jobs and affording pants isn't the issue here.
i told him i was paying $900 for my studio in the city and he was shocked.
i do like her company in small doses, but if i have to interact with her too much, i get really annoyed with her.
dermatologist recommends not caring so much what other people think
so my ex and i haven’t talked since ~late summer 2017.
sarah huckabee sanders flatly rejects jim acosta's assertion that he's jim acosta
i know i'd do the same for him.
we have very different music tastes so we enjoy dancing to different songs.
aita for never bringing food to a potluck?
report: there an adult superstore off exit 16
i was conflicted, and strongly considered telling the mother the truth, but ultimately i did not out of a (admittedly stupid) loyalty to my friend's teenage agreement and fear of repercussions.
jon bon jovi jealous of former classmate who made it out of jersey
glowing, cackling mcconnell levitates above senate after realizing chamber's rules only self-imposed mental construct
then she told me that she has been "food insecure" over the past few weeks because of her medical/credit card debt and that she didn't have the $20 in her bank account to take out because she had to pay at brunch.
she doesn't want to deprive him of his desire to have his buddies there.
the teachers normally did not stop her but if they did she would glare at them until they let her go.
biden busted in dnc parking lot selling bootleg 'i'm with her' t-shirts
man updates little monologue recited when extended relatives ask how he's doing
man trying to enter conversation spends few minutes smiling and nodding at edge of circle
i faked a stomach ache and didn’t go to school that day.
i’ll put the new born in his crib about 7:30, and i and the toddler do her get ready for bedtime ritual until i put her to bed at 8:30.
if i need gas on my way home i will drive on the shoulder when i see the gas station, skip \~15 cars, to turn right into the gas station before the light.
hopefully it's not too much of a mess, also sorry for any grammatical errors but this just happened and i'm cold and salty.
she wants to start going to bed early so she can wake up at like 5 am her time to exercise before school.
so honestly, was what i did crossing a line?
married for four years but together for 12 and we have a young child together.
i told him the truth to which he followed up with the obvious question as to why he wasn't invited.
these 2 people have never met each other.
this wasn’t little dog turds, but giant ones.
wall street journal lays off 150 stipple-portrait artists
2-year-old unaware he's basis for 6 couples' decisions not to have kids
app knows it's gone next time man needs space for photos
i could have just told him i didn’t need it, but in my drunken state i just poured it out on the floor.
right guy to fuck with identified
he says that he doesn’t care about nye, or any holiday, or even his bday.
study finds people on dates know within 30 seconds if other person is newt gingrich
am i the asshole for not wanting to joke with him about something that could be sensitive to him after he did the same to me?
customer awkwardly accepts one cent, receipt
a bit of back story: i'm a guy.
siblings each hoping other one will take care of aging parents someday
so she knew i would definitely have sex with her if she ever asked.
i met a girl over tinder, we exchanged numbers, chatted for a few days and agreed to meet for drinks at a bar.
i tell her she should sleep during these periods but she chooses most of his nap times to get things done around the house or fuck around on the internet or watch a show.
the group chat was silent for a few hours.
alec baldwin secretes own hair gel
report: 87% of u.s. women achieve orgasm when fantasizing about gorton's fisherman
d then tells us that he's decided to move to small town to live with g and then promptly packs up and leaves.
routine, affordable medical procedure put off another year
red cross accused of wartime non-profiteering
voters tune into vp debate to find out what race would look like if this was normal election year
blog post read by mother to shape child's next 18 years
on the day she texts me telling me she can't meet up because she is really sick, which has been a problem, since she is really sickly.
man has never given single definitive yes to any invitation he's ever received
aita for telling my ex we can only be friends if sex is involved?
ted cruz provides detailed response to moderator's question about why his face so fucking infuriating
'there's nothing to it,' secret service agent assures mar-a-lago bellhop assigned rooftop sniper duty
and for my siblings i bought some used xbox games that i knew both of us really wanted.
my girlfriend (22f) and i (25m) adopted a young cat on a whim from the local shelter about 10 months ago, and he's been a really good cat, up until he start shitting outside the litter box.
rick santorum slightly embarrassed for man introducing him as next president of united states
netanyahu provides stunning new evidence that iranians planned sacking of babylon in 539 b.c.
it's been about a month since and he hadn't talked to her yet.
so i have constantly given him shit.
**the response** l, bless their heart, ruined everything and has made these past two weeks hell for me.
church member not the same since unsuccessful choir tryout
zamboni crime family indicted in ice-shaving scandal
clinton says badtz-maru may be his favorite sanrio character
cia issues posthumous apology after new evidence clears osama bin laden of involvement in 9/11 attacks
nation's sisters issue annual report on dealing with dad
i noticed he has this habit of not messaging me right away even though he has this stipulation, so i talked to him about it and he said he will do it.
report: breathing can extend lifespan by several decades
husband, wife and 4 kids (one girl 14, one girl 16, one boy 18 and one girl 23).
because he doesn't like his bus, my friend usually asks for rides before i met her, and i usually drove him.
epa warns americans not to breathe
'gta v' a sophisticated gaming experience, says man who spent 3 hours running over homeless people with fire truck
i seriously doubt my mom is going to evict us for practically any reason because that would involve giving up her last source of control over my life and allow me to finally go full no contact.
put him on a different med which [son] started on friday.” me- “do you want my honest opinion?” friend’s mom- “of course” me- “i did.
i’m into him but feeling like nah.
also, she is a very obvious presence and my boyfriend even asked if she wanted food ordered too.
wife has cooled down some, but i can't decide whether or not i'm the asshole.
i will always be a social person, and i will never be dishonest or disloyal.
aita for yelling at someone loudly doing weighted squats in the gym?????
they didn't tell our even speak to her family in nebraska and iowa, her dad's side doesn't know that happened.
she was an exchange student in germany, and when we first met there, i was in the process of preparing a one-year exchange to japan.
man sort of curious what his last straw is going to be
some of them were even polyamorous, which i am also not into.
i sent her money for the movie tickets she bought.
i admit i did it out of anger, but i do believe it was justified punishment.
boss encourages employees to take short mental breakdowns for every hour of work
mom sits down for dinner 3 months after rest of family finishes meal
after next week is exam week, and i’d rather spend the time studying than telling another student to buy bin liners.
church, state joyfully reunite after 230-year trial separation
choking man can already tell good samaritan has no fucking clue what they're doing
basically a snuff film is a video of someone being killed.
her husband also works with us, in a separate area.
the two of them just ruined any type of relationship i could have with the kid.
if i test what his motives truly are?
she had been called in to cover his shift and was annoyed that he had left five minutes earlier the day before, hadn’t cleaned up, had taken the pass home with him and now she had to cover for him.
edit 3: i said sorry to my dad and offered him to go to a soccer match with me next week.
my mother in law thinks i’m comply crazy for starting something like this.
aita for telling my boyfriend his pet bird escaped when the truth is that my cat tried to eat it and it died?
i thought it was comedy gold, the kids thought it was hilarious and now they have a story to tell.
i spoke with the course leader who told me to let him know if they don't contribute anything so i will do the work and leave their name on it but let him know they did nothing.
i’m just overall nervous and would rather not be in this type of situation.
on one hand i don't want to push boundaries and make him uncomfortable, i really want to respect that straight guys can have gay friends and it doesn't always need to be sexual.
and the thought of my gf (or anyone) taking the time to be nice to him disgusts me.
came back out 30 minutes later and there was a note on my windshield that read as follows: “thanks a lot for scratching the paint on my truck writing your message.
person standing far away from burial must have deep, dark secret about deceased
(i'm pretty sure that's what happened but i was in a headlock so was hard to see) at first i was shocked and worried because damn she could be dead but once i checked she was still breathing and doing ok given the situation my rage came back as i started to remember everything she had done to me the past year.
man spends entire weekend binge-watching neighbor
aita for having sex with a married woman after three days of separation?
man listening to 'highway to hell' actually on parkway to waukegan
if someone wants to go on social media and rage at their boss or place of work, i dont care.
i run a team at work.
vocalist leaves journey tribute band over creative differences
we were both around 15, and we weren't particularly friendly before this but we had no real animosity either.
it's a silent understanding by everyone in the choir that this is the way she is and someone (the director) should've placed her somewhere better.
obama throws small business owner into seat, tells him to just smile and keep his fucking mouth shut
lindsey graham asks nearby family to take his picture for photo op
trump's switzerland trip cancelled as president deemed flight risk
i finally told her one day that she should buy her own juul, and she agreed that it was a good idea.
it kind of caught me off guard, like how are you not high enough right now?
never telling my dad this though.
i don't resent my so because they're very available emotionally and physically affectionate in small ways.
it feels wrong to me but she said to me that i wasn't being helpful.
area man has no idea where to get envelope
all of man's accomplishments overshadowed by hefty birth weight
i should mention it was the end of another mod where she didn't study (went on a trip to her home country, mexico, and disneyland for a vacation every weekend, but didn't study) and so she was stressed about her grade because she only had 1 mod left.
gina haspel recalls having to torture more prisoners than male colleagues to prove herself
however, knowing he gets lazy about these kind of things, i took matters into my own hands after a day and posted it on a subreddit we both browse.
area ceo likes to think of family as small, close-knit business
theres so much more to this that i cant quite get it down here.
new hyundai owner sort of brags about it to co-workers
aita for telling my girlfriend she's lying to herself?
has on occasion tried to get her to divorce me, talks badly behind my back about me.
amish woman knew she had quilt sale the moment she laid eyes on chicago couple
i don't want the wedding ruined by her dad's side freaking out during what should be a good day, i think she should tell them.
squirrel who really chunked out unable to look neighborhood residents in eye
paul ryan discovers half-finished escape tunnel leading out of speaker's office
for the next two days, we were back to the usual rhythm of messaging all the time.
so i take them out and he and i eat the leftover meal.
white house: 'for russia, the real sanction is knowing that they let us down'
burger king introduces new healthy deep-steamed french fries
i tell him i dont know why he got with someone who has a kid if he can't accept said kid as his own and that maybe we should break up because while his main focus is school mine is family.
nation's fact-checkers confirm they'll probably wrap up evaluating trump's statements by 2050 at latest
he told me to leave and not to come back.
ryan zinke calls for legislation to slow down destruction of wildlife so he can truly savor every minute of it
nation's tourists announce plans to form circle, clap hands around guys doing flips and stuff
aita for asking my girlfriend to split the cost of my flight home?
garden too much for grandma this summer
its just that this was something entirely new.
for years, he has been driving drunk due to his alcoholism and has little to no regard for others around him as long as he has a cold one in his hand.
despite all my faults i make more than my father did at my age, and have a life that puts both of my siblings to shame.
man spends long day at work waiting to go home and be lonely
so i decide to cancel the date.
paul lynde impersonation lost on daughter's friends
she comes up, looks at it and says, "i can't eat that, you used flour for the gravy, i'm gluten intolerant"!
she doesn't seem to be affected.
&#x200b; am i the asshole for using what is essentially a meme casually in conversation?
so at this point i had enough of this bs and decided to punch him making him land right on his back.
i’ve tried so many treatments to no avail and last month i gave cbd oil a try since it’s now legal in both the state we work in and live in.
lush unveils new line of anti-aging youthful maiden bloodbombs
i feel guilty about wanting sex and knowing that she feels like less of a women for not being capable of doing the deed we’ve talked and it’s very clear that sex isn’t something that is going to be common in our relationship, but that’s not a deal breaker.
canvas shopping bag celebrates third year on doorknob
rotating knife vortex closed pending safety investigation
my bf only told me about the party ten minutes ago by saying that he’s invited (not “we’re” invited) but he doesn’t know if he’ll attend.
some girl who fancies herself in charge of birthday celebrations at work the other day tried to confront me in front of others about my birthdate and i politely told her that i think birthdays are for kids and i havent celebrated my birthday since i was a kid and i detest the "happy birthday" song.
l.a. adds high-speed chase lane to freeway
this happened saturday and i haven't let him back in the house since.
romney's acceptance speech to avoid mentioning personal, professional, religious, political life
whenever i have tried to say hi to his daughter.
report: male hair loss 7 times more painful than childbirth
i send a message, saying 'hey babe?
she asked if i had plans for the rivalry game that is big in my area.
5th grade in the usa is about age 10-11 btw.
of course, everyone should get vacation time, and the opportunity to spend time with their families during the holiday season.
man resolves to read the wikipedia tabs he already has open before starting new ones
quaker scientists formulate world's oldest-fashioned oatmeal
at about half past 9, i get called downstairs to say goodbye to my grandma, which takes up about 5 minutes.
report: no way this year's summer strawberries living up to hype
say everybody in a group spends the same amount of money on gifts, and receives an equal value of gifts in return.
so why is it a big deal if i'm there just for a few hours while i wait for work?
radio talk-show caller to make point
report: majority of nation's civic engagement centered around oppressing other people
while i'm no expert on japanese culture or criminal procedure, but she made it sound like there was a significant chance she might get brushed off or not believed if she escalated it.
entire meal consumed while testing if it needs more time in microwave
idk i just kinda feel like i'm losing something tonight.
we had similar taste in music which was a big plus.
but none of them really fit my preferences and it ends up taking an extra month.
i ran into a girl i didn't like and we started arguing.
she told me that it wasn't okay, but she forgave me, asked for a "get out of jail free" card if she ever got upset about something she couldn't help feeling upset about.
posting this on behalf of a friend.
vigilante judge takes law into own hands
man constantly blaming his problems on fact that he's on fire
it was the end of my shift so i put away my radio and badge and headed out, ready to walk up that steep hill in a heat wave during july to get in my car and go home.
i'm nearly 20, have been with their daughter for 2 years, and we have stayed at the house plenty of times while they were out...
went from being sad and disappointed and thinking she was not good enough because i did not ask her out, to an almost sadistic state.
they didn't for a really long time, so i called her again to ask her if she was okay.
woman always gets best ideas while taking shower with two jacked dudes
the other day (thursday), i had a rough day at school, so when i got home, i wanted to keep to myself for a while particularly strongly.
man nods his way to the top
first of all, his soon was taking place in the act as much as she was.
disney's 'toy tales' hits theaters friday
i will be working very hard this semester, and i will try to minimize our conflicts and maximize the transparency/honesty in our relationship.
adult-entertainment industry donates $100,000 in charity sex to hurricane victims
angry me decided to pull out my phone and start calling my uber because i didn't like being yelled at in a bar.
she told me about this when we first started getting together and i said it wasn't a problem, and it really wasn't.
when i was driving away after kicking her out, it looked like they were still walking in the same direction in my rear view.
14-word diet stretched to 200 pages
also at u/weirdlyconjured's suggestion i'll also post this over on r/legaladvice wibta for skipping out on my rent?
the game was a racing game.
just to look at her pictures.
single-parent families get 'a' rating ,from drug kingpin
i kind of expected to at least receive the payout for the truck so i can put it towards a new vehicle (i estimate the payout to be at least 5,000 usd).
given that she doesn't have to worry about money or scholarships also, because of *ferpa* i doubt her parents know her grades, and i also doubt her parents would have given her that car if they did know.
**in my defense:** * point 1: he was the one in control of his vehicle, not me.
we started fighting pretty often, and i felt like he was being emotionally manipulative, and after discussing it with my therapist over the course of a few months, i decided to break it off with him.
officials urge americans to sort plastics, glass into separate oceans
would it be wrong for me to do so?
report: 45% of all randomly paired freshman roommates now at breaking point
i'm terrified that one day he might actually change and that then allows him to find true happiness because i don't know if i can be okay with that.
man commits to new tv show just hours after getting out of 7-season series
ann coulter attacks trump for cowardly backing down from full on race war
i think we could do counseling and therapy in parallel to trying to make a baby.
experts confirm rainforest ecosystem destroyed to make room for onion social server farm wasn't that impressive to begin with
breaking: aclu hard as a fucking rock right now
later in the day, i tell some other people what's happened and apparently i shouldn't have done that because she has "problems at home".
i was intended to keep this private between l and i as i planned to see if switch was possible.
frito-lay family of products leaned on during difficult time
i'm not sure if he took it the wrong way, but he got ticked off, and said he didnt have to because he "pays a lot of money to live here".
he still had moments where he was not great, but these didn’t happen often.
parasitic space worm controlling mark kelly's body announces arizona senate bid
woman profoundly moved by lyrics artist put zero time or effort into
&#x200b; tldr: ex was physically and emotionally abusive to me, was shitty to multiple other women in this world, i broke up with him, now don't want him to find happiness ever even if that means he hurts other people aita for not wanting my abusive ex to change or be happy
one last ruben studdard reference wafts gently into the cool evening air
i call everyone in my life hun, my significant other, my pets, my in laws, strangers, and my parents.
i mean, it smelled like someone was smoking at that moment.
my long distance gf called me and told me that she wanted to go to concert but none of her friends of family could go except her guy friend she met 4 months ago.
she asked if i could ever think that she could improve on her looks and i was again being honest and said no.
about a year ago, my best friend (31f) and i (27f) were casually hanging out at a bar with a guy (43m) we had just met who happened to be a friend of a friend.
area woman fulfills dream of becoming writer by getting job at bookstore
large dependent film tops weekend box office
man worried antidepressants will leave trace of original personality
4-year-old's idea of barbie, ken marriage involves lots of head collisions
report: biggest parenting fear remains losing child in high-stakes poker tournament
i noticed my name in it.
he told me that i'm making a fool of myself and that the teacher probably doesn't appreciate that i ask questions that won't be covered on the tests and that i look stupid ever time i ask for a clarification.
so i'm talking with my brother and trying to convince him to watch this movie because i loved it so much, and he says nah i don't wanna watch kid movies.
but truly, am i being the asshole here?
**but** he does sometimes get on my nerves because he treats me like a child at times inspite of our small age gap.
is this a line you should never cross without someone's consent, or is it an issue that's no one else's business?
first time posting so sorry if this doesn't fit the format and if it reads weird etc, i just thought it would be better to do it from my perspective.
aita for wanting my husband to slow down??
also, yes, i wash the dishes #final okay guys.
he said i was a bad person and was throwing a pity party for myself over my reasons for cheating and some other angry and hurtful words, then blocked me for two months before reaching back out to me recently when he found out i had continued talking to his mom even though he asked me not to.
i realize he is losing money or whatever but i have to live with the person too!
aita for telling my boyfriend i don't want him talking to his ex wife?
so a few days ago now me and my friend were in berlin traveling for a small music festival that was held in central berlin.
supreme court upholds bill of rights in 5-4 decision
i know i probably should leave them alone, but knowing they'll end up sad and in a bad position at school i just can't bring myself to do it.
the situation: i went bridesmaid shopping with bride to be/her maid of honor today.
study finds high school students retain only one-third of obsolete curriculum over summer
i’m not sure what he was doing but i did not hear him urinating.
the crosswalks near the school are all manned by a crossing guard.
report: typical city bus contains no fewer than four erections at any given time
again, i love this woman to death.
he accused me of not being supportive of his hard job.
texas now regretting wasting doses of pancuronium bromide on innocent guys back in 1997, 2000, 2004
we used to have a very active sex life, i enjoy sex a lot and she says she likes my enthusiasm since it makes her feel desired and wanted.
i told her that shes being silly, and that im not asking for much.
frolicking deer actually being driven mad by ticks
sally had a concussion and i believe she broke her leg (i don’t remember 100% if the last part is true).
so my ex and i have been broken up for two years, we dated for three years.
microsoft signs justice dept. attorney to $350 million endorsement deal
recently, we've started to actually become more sexually involved.
she got mad and told me to fuck off.
*bummmerrrrr*, i was one of them.
throughout the argument, i kept saying that it was possible that i'm not right, but i felt pretty sure.
'active shooter at large,' reports endless background hum of modern american life
&#x200b; a recent example is when he stayed up all night drinking and partying with his friends on a friday.
i only speak english, meaning i've never had a conversation with my grandparents that hasn't been translated for me.
frantic john kerry looks on as teresa slowly lowered into kim jong-un's electric eel tank
white house staff frantically shredding trump campaign aides
man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout cookie locator
report: female interns earn only three-fourths of college credit that male counterparts do
historical archives: dances you may wish to try
22-year-old fuck complains of age discrimination
bed bug feels bad for area man, but a bug's got to eat
nothing going right for area surgeon today
my friends say i give off creepy vibes, but was nice when they actually talked to me.
might be kinda long i apologize.
well , it wasn't the first time my big mouth has gotten me into trouble.
he said there was a time when he was having sex with it almost daily.
the majority of the assignments outside of readings were group projects where we made board games to get a basic grip on basic game design before moving into video games specifically.
devotees visit ihop to get foreheads marked with syrup cross on national pancake day
he also can get aggressive when frustrated.
he had only just months prior been allowed to sleep over after 2 years of them being together, so this was a sudden adjustment that shocked a lot of people (our community is primarily viet).
while not an extreme distance apart, it was still a fair commute.
ive never cheated on anyone, and i never plan on it, because i see how much other people hate it, and ive been in a relationship before.
dreamcatcher on rearview mirror protects sleeping driver
my sister is seven, her parents just got divorced, and she can’t understand that mom has moved on (far too quickly in my opinion).
she liked one of the guys that did not put up with her bullshit, treated her like garbage, and called her out on all her needy crap.
i called the school multiple times, my ex wife even threatened a law suit against them.
nation's cable companies announce they're just going to take $100 from everyone
i highly doubt that girls parents have any kind of home alarm system.
students watch in sympathy as teacher's humongous ass erases part of whiteboard
she doesn’t ask for the handout but she doesn’t refuse them either.
nation demands more slow-motion footage of running basset hounds
she is definitely not my type (romantically speaking), and i told my friend to explicitly tell her "im not interested", she didn't accept it from i what i was told.
i was laying in bed and my dog was resting his head on my leg, but i realized i had left my phone downstairs, so i got up and went downstairs to get it.
and all of my friends and her friends know that i like her.
am i messed up for this??
i don't feel like helping her anymore, because even if i give her money, she'd probably buy something and then destroy it soon after.
every day i see girls at the gym who look totally ordinary but with amazing body changes.
he's complained about the dog barking non stop.
arm & hammer representative starting to wonder what he's doing at sxsw
conservation group condemns waterboarding as wasteful
i only like the caramel corn.
metallica board of directors debates whether new riff will have negative impact on shareholder value
i know that she has feelings for me though so she continues to come over whenever i ask her to, sometimes i’ll ask her to come over but tell her i don’t have condoms and she’ll offer to give me a blow job, but i think she eventually started to feel bad about that.
officials warn consumers of counterfeit tickets ahead of solar eclipse
media condemns julian assange for reckless exposure of how they could be spending their time
wild-eyed marco rubio embarks in rowboat to help venezuela coup effort
trump admits he assumed roger stone was already in prison
she is high-functioning asd, what used to be called asperger's, and isn't good at reading social cues - so she steps over my boundaries without meaning to.
south dakota asked to water north dakota's crops over the weekend
the assignment is due wednesday but i told them if they don’t pick up the pace tomorrow i’ll do the assignment solo and leave them to hang.
rubio campaign deploys 6,000 ground troops to combat isis
(something to mention is t said this to me as well, but she said t had one as well) t also said that 'you guys arent going to break up around this time, when t was heavily implying that g should dump me.
in retrospect, i should have said "cannot", but i figured my lack of sleep is less important than his graduation.
she made it difficult for the person who had moved in (as a favour to her to help her make rent in a nice building) to stay, to the point where she's not leaving.
aita for asking my 12-year-old daughter to cover herself up more when she’s in the house?
so i said "yeah i had the second pound.
i told her sorry again and let her know that i guess i was looking for a more serious relationship.
corrugated-cardboard lobby once again rates all 535 congressmen 'poor' on corrugated-cardboard-related issues
area mother displays extensive goya collection
also, how would this story fare in pro revenge?
guard gives death row inmate every chance to end life before they try new execution drug on him
i know i could’ve handled it better, but i gave him so many chances and he just completely ignored all of them.
local cvs selling one leather jacket for some reason
man with 20 rifles can't remember if his goal to start or stop violent overthrow of government
poll finds many voters would support equally unlikable third-party candidate
baby knocked out with cough syrup praised for being such a good little traveler
aita for playing music loudly during the daytime as a music student?
nation has heart set on last muffin
i generally am generous with my money for friends and as of the conversation i'm literally making/providing things for these people for free.
city planner gets halfway through designing city before realizing he's just doing philadelphia again
t drives us back to my car, while driving, l says he doesn't like a and some other stuff about the trip.
man pulling on loose hangnail slowly unravels skin from entire body
progressive charter school doesn't have students
we buy a family size to share.
he kept saying the typical "i just think it's weird that..." and when i responded by saying that it was unfair of him to accuse me of being disloyal, he would say, "i'm not accusing you of anything, i'm just asking questions." questions like, "who messaged who first, and how did you exchange numbers?" "what do you talk about?" "what do you talk about?
but instead of being cool and double checking procedure, tony flips out.
media stumped on how to handle missing mixed-race woman
i just spoke to her via phone, if i was too intimidate or not aknowledging she can take care of her own.
there are leaves that now need to be raked.
because after that car another car pulls in with a couple of women in it (i only know this bc of the result, i didn't know who was in the car at the time).
britney spears loses custody of child to in touch magazine
dog costumed to create illusion of sports-team preference
she says she wants to mount it on the wall and that’s pretty much the end of the conversation, i don’t really think too much about it.
it bothers me because his perception of sex is likely very inaccurate, and any time i look at pictures of him i know what was going on in the background.
nation shudders to think how mad nra would be if obama actually proposed meaningful gun control
i guess i'm just frustrated because i don't want a stranger around my things, and i wish he would have told me that he was going to be doing stuff like this sooner so i could have figured out what to do with my things sooner.
aita for being mad at my dad
obama to cut costs by packing lunch every day for u.s. populace
i think it's within my right to express how i feel.
&#x200b; if we agreed to not go dutch and each pay one third of the meal, there wouldn't be a dilemma, but there was.
i don't get along with small children and don't really like them.
(she’s a customer service rep.) **what i saw:** if you have dealt with customer service before, chances are you would have encountered missing tickets — either the last rep did not create a ticket or it’s simply lost in the system.
paul manafort trying to ferment vintage cheval blanc in toilet tank
u.s. indicts 12 russian officials who will be indicted for 2018, 2020 election hacking
bloody, detached hand of bears' player still in julius peppers' facemask
she says she wishes i never even told her.
brutalized toothbrush wishes owner would just let it die
report: there still time to convert to christianity before christmas starts
2014 olympics to be held in 19th century
cold panic grips stacey abrams as trump begins delivering speech almost identical to one she wrote
she said i had stormed over there.
edit* not trying to justify it anymore than i laid out in the post, but for everyone talking about the fact i could have kept it before it would have gone until eviction, you are probably right.
sex officials add new base between second and third
let’s call her noodle have been best friends for i think 11 years now.
dad reaches age where it's no longer enjoyable to make fun of how old he is
aita for not giving my friend a ride?
but as we got older and grew up the things we liked and our personalities changed.
so basically tonight my parents where going out to do something and me and my twin sister were like okay let’s order food since this doesn’t happen very often.
it’s a public place so i should be allowed to take a picture of whatever i want.
i share a front stoop, plus one unit on each of our sides, so 4 units split over a building.
last night was the first time someone asked me while she was present “are you the legendary fiancé?
she would be my preference every time.
mad lit professor puts finishing touches on bloomsday device
novelty pencil worn down to the nub
then after the movie started she had her phone out and was definitely scrolling through facebook.
3 toddlers dredged from chuck e. cheese ball pit
u.s. continues proud tradition of diversity on front lines
it was becoming more stress and headaches than fun.
but i still stay in great shape and am slim.
went to a movie solo to kill time.
scientists successfully create artificial placenta that tastes just as delicious as real one
--------------- another situation similar to this one happened.
hopefully we will start tomorrow on a better footing.
someone filming b-roll at pike place market right now
i tell her i'm not ready, and we get into a little bit of a fight, in which she hints she wants the baby.
then christmas came around and my gf and her mom were cooking dinner, also brought me some presents which was nice, but i didn’t want to spend christmas with her fam, so i left to my office.
jeremy piven outraged microsoft word doesn't recognize his name
and i think it might hit closer to home for her than normal because it's someone she knows and explicitly told me over and over again not to contact (again, i didn't).
i was on holidays at that time, but i was still mad at her, so i declined (i also really needed my own space due to stress at work).
kid putting pencils between knuckles about to fuck someone up
the last two years have been rough, admittedly.
i'd also like to further explain what she said to me.
beyonce releases teaser foot ahead of birth of twins
i worry that i may have spoiled my so by agreeing to give them rides whenever they ask.
q-tips introduces new multi-speed electric ear swab
we were drinking about a month ago, and i jokingly got him to rate me.
the workshops are for high school students and are about two hours each, and i have to create problem sets with full solutions, in addition to designing \~3 hours of lectures --- i've been working nonstop on this for two weeks and i'm still not done.
tldr: criticized the way gf wrote an email.
i wish i would've been able to know beforehand.
now onto the part i need help analyzing.
the thing is i’m really busy at work in the week and on the weekends i like to hang out with my friends to blow off some steam.
'game of thrones' viewers reeling after finale unexpectedly kills off fan
this caused us to have a slight argument, because i said that she has to meet me halfway when i'm trying to make effort, because i can't show it if i can't even see her.
she acted like she accepted my apology and "we were good".
she left my place this past sunday, so it's still fresh in my mind and i keep thinking about it and how it will, most likely, turn out.
she then said that we can move to the next level tomorrow, instead of in a month.
never comes to any of our neighborhood get-togethers.
elvis costello poster starting to suspect it will never be framed
me- i sent it to my close friends and everyone except for you knows it was just an obviously inappropriate joke and has sent back something either even more inappropriate back, or has laughed.
study: american intestinal bacteria most obese in world
undercurrent of inequality and fear roiling just beneath surface of '50s-themed diner
because of this, we often had class parties where everyone hung out and talked/drank/etc...
let’s see how much traction this gets as you finish laughing.
which started a huge shit storm basically how i have no respect and don't care about my family, how she's going to tell my grandparents to disinherit me, how i'm an embarrassment, how she's not going to let me go on the trip and so on.
however in the evening/afternoon when he decides to naps he always complains.
my parents told me they wanted me to try and stay away from kids that were from those neighborhoods and abhorred the school districts change.
is there a range of tolerance levels/“fandom” that i’m not aware of?
liberal relieved he never has to introspect again after assembling all the correct opinions
still, i feel like i fucked up.
fish at pretty good place in its life right now
i was the one driving, and it was my vehicle.
aita for thinking i should not pay?
my ex had their current "friend" in the car with them and the person rolled their eyes at me.
i was on whisper and someone posted "i'm in a wheelchair, ask me anything." and i posted "would you describe yourself as a stand up individual?" she told me that it was harassment.
many times miriam sent comments or direction either very vague or simply incorrect.
however, i'm getting annoyed at him that i can't ever really produce to do this.
recently divorced 40-year-old struggling to navigate college dating scene
he didn't have to kick it like a goddam soccer ball!
endangered species list edited to fit poster
brad pitt bored with sight of jennifer aniston's naked body
tlc producer wants list of 100 fucked-up families on desk by end of day
i said she should make it up to me somehow by reimbursing for dry cleaning.
i knew he had a gf named hops (20f) when i first met him.
report: some people actually very happy
man just going to assume apartment has functional carbon monoxide detector somewhere
brewers stay after game to run the bases
if it looked like violence would have been brought down upon her, i would have picked her back up.
a few months ago, my coworker was talking to me about her children.
am i an asshole if i do this?
i’ve known for a very long time that she is part of the problem.
i was like sure, and started talking.
tornado creeped out by man who keeps following it in truck and filming it
in that time i started seeing a different girl for a year and that ended but i wasn't that sad anymore i graduated this past june and got an amazing job and my parents sold a lot of property overseas and gave me a really large trust fund.
taylor swift enters alternate universe to date body-building george harrison
i remember seeing i thought a car behind me originally close but in then disappeared into the rear view and kept disappearing/ reappraring every few seconds.
pastor talking to non-christian who just lost wife can smell blood
weird new cereal sets tone for first weekend at divorced dad's
i still live with my parents but am trying to move out soon.
i was happy about this, hoping he would now feel himself how beautiful it could be to share your love with more than one partner.
she continued to offer despite me telling her that i though it was inappropriate.
(and i promise this isn’t some kind of pro-breast milk campaign.
i can understand most things i hear and read and make myself understood, but a lot of the nuance still escapes me.
look, i know what i've done is wrong.
so, not wanting 3 drunk minors in the car if i got pulled over, i left tarzan in the trees as i went to town.
area man so sick of having to explain family members' political views to them
i cranked it up and let the tunes belt out of my phone.
even though it'd be four times as expensive for him, and our daughter has to go to school.
this also made it really apparent that this kind of “water shutdown” happens on a semi-regular basis and that they make no attempt to notify customers beforehand or take the initiative to make it right, just provide a sub-par and shower solution that is worse than what we have in the room.
i even dug up his old games to show that his read accuracy was lower than random guesses, and encouraged other players to "inverse" him.
our premature princess was born at \~28 weeks, and went straight into the neonatal intensive care unit (nicu), where she currently still is.
george w. bush forgets to mention 9/11 in memoir
experts warn repeated attempts at eradicating obamacare may have created ultra-resistant super law
tucker carlson unsure why he in middle of 20-minute rant against croutons
afterwards she asked me what we were gonna do after (i told her i had to be up early but we could go hang out at my place).
aita for telling her "i love you and i want a future with you"
they won a significant (but not huge) amount of money, whereas i won a few bucks.
waves of rage overcame me, but the illusion had been shattered, i knew now what happened, that i wasn't crazy, and that the people in front of me were just truly despicable people, this was a guy that i shook hands with, that i let hang out with my gf because i was trusting.
each of these activities decided to have white elephant parties this year.
this morning he was on the phone with his boss and was complaining about something his boss was telling him he could not do.
i should have called him or met up, but i wanted to be able to control what i say through written words rather than verbal.
entire napoleon dynamite plot pieced together through friends' quotes
very specific food pyramid recommends two to three shrimp scampis per year
thousands of cheering americans packed into park for ted cruz concession speech
faa assures public: air travel 'pretty safe'
now the thing about brittney is that she had a nice car, and it was her baby.
most of the people i see posting this stuff comes from the same people who chastised me for not going to college.
for context, we're both only in our early 20's.
in reality, you feel very strange around your friends when you're growing up, and your family photos when you're a child make you look like a monster with a childs face and a mans body.
annoying coworker precedes all nouns with 'quite the'
i told him i love him very much and wanted to marry him but felt unimportant to him and like this isn't what he really wanted so i didn't want to wear the ring that night.
i expect it was quite expensive, as the trees were all massive.
millennium actually starts in 2001, terrorists note
i asked her if there was any specific incident that had made her come to this conclusion, but she assured me that it wasn't.
she saw this and asked me why i stopped being her friend.
i also sent her $20 through fb messenger for the movie tickets.
dripping wet 7-year-old gets on hotel elevator
and that really meant a lot to me.
teen boulder can't wait for landslide to roll it into ravine where they get it
it may not be 90 seconds from window to window to make 4 happy meals with 2 value meals to go, i get that but i'm a single guy and i'm normally just ordering for myself.
i said no, and she followed up by asking if i cared.
everyone i talk to thinks i'm an asshole but i feel like you guys will be more reasonable.
immigrant children terrified at ghastly visage of la llorona in detention center
reason why i chose to take a bus is because i paid for the trip and i don’t get paid very much from work to afford the luxury to fly just as yet.
we have been together for over a year.
they jumped on the idea and within 20 minutes we had it sorted.
insufferable 8-year-old won't stop chanting 'romney'
she and my dog have never gotten along for whatever reason.
bus passenger really getting into stranger's nursing textbook
someone i knew posted slightly nsfw pic of two underage anime characters and talked about how she shipped them.
christ returns for some of his old things
tense party enters third hour of unplayed acoustic guitar leaning against wall
levi's factory implicated in cruel treatment of denim cows
air wick introduces new piss-scented bathroom diffuser
report: more women forgoing taking their husbands' names in favor of something badass like diesel
aita for messing with a subreddit's css?
report: no gay people actually refer to selves as 'same-sex couple'
i also stay up till about 12-1 doing homework for my mba.
patient zero kicking back in 38c with episode of 'new girl'
i was in an art class at the beginning of the new school year, i was sitting next to my girlfriend at the time who i had been dating for about 4 months.
think i've replied all i can to this thread but continue to tell me imma asshole- i am enough of the time haha just think i am justified here aita for being offended and changing thanksgiving menu bc so's guest is bringing something juvenile and cheap
man taking unemployment as opportunity to think about how he really wants out of life
i let him know that i am agnostic to gender when it comes to sequencing in an line.
report: rise in global temperatures likely to increase number of americans who fucking reek
report: 83% of americans just want to put on sunglasses and say 'let's do this'
83-year-old sneaks into 65-to-80 singles dance
i understand that you can’t show up in just anything and you have to look nice, but i don’t understand why it’s so important for her that i wear a suit.
so i call them and they wanted to see me resumee and would call back.
i apologized and said hey come on i am sorry, my bad now lets stop.
this is for my son to enjoy and unwrap.
our baby was a very difficult newborn and cried and screamed all the time for no reason, and still today is a very poor sleeper and high needs, but he's a good kid and my husband was/is excited to be a dad.
was i the asshole specifically for doing the project myself and making it clear i was the only person who did anything?
video game character stares impotently at forbidden realm beyond impassable waist-high bush
ghost of alvah roebuck enjoying the hell out of sears' decline
hundreds of people exactly like manafort, cohen enjoy another day without any consequences whatsoever
candlelight vigilante takes commemorating into own hands
by the afternoon my boyfriend had texted me quite a few times and was getting worried.
cia finds definitive evidence of second shooter in jfk assassination
he readily agreed to, but so far still hasn't done it to date.
my friend was being annoying so i told her to "commit neck rope" (as a joke, i would never tell someone to legitimately kill themselves) &#x200b; she suddenly got incredibly offended and began yelling at me because she used to struggle somewhat with depression.
she slid down the stairs on her butt and was basically unharmed.
plus the age gap really squicks me out.
can i continue to have monogamous relationships and not be an asshole or should i just like...
they did not take that well.
i am not sure i worded it correctly.
hot girl mentions boyfriend three hours into conversation
andrew mccabe spending few days as congressional bathroom attendant to satisfy pension requirements
myself (20) and a coworker (50ish) share the responsibilities of delivery driver at the hardware store owned by my family.
these shoots are more focused on body positivity, not like a porno shoot.
now i think my boyfriend feels stuck between me or them and i’m starting to feel like the asshole.
jeff sessions spits in face of fbi interrogator trying to get him to turn on trump
should i tell the school that this girl isn’t really as bad as i said she is?
i met with her and ended the relationship but i did not tell her the reason was because of her surgery.
weary nation says one or two more divisive issues should finish it off
does that make me the a-hole, grinch in this situation?
so, would i be an asshole to call out suspected disingenuous pan-handlers begging in a crowd?
every picture on man's tinder clearly from same event where he dressed up
i have no relationship with her and she was paid for her eggs and that's it.
guy eating pistachios and watching 'sniper' doesn't seem to be part of haunted house
bound, gagged joaquin castro horrified by what his identical twin brother might be doing out on dnc floor
it's in a very rural area, which is good for me.
so it's not like i'm flipping this property and pulling a fast one on my brothers, in fact, i'm going to need to do foundation work, put on a new roof, install new windows, and do several other pricey renovations to the property.
aita for dating my best friend’s long term girlfriend a week after they broke up?
john is now pissed at me, saying that he is more angry at the fact that i "went behind his back" than the fact i had taken the board, and that it was something he "could not forgive".
i sent sarah a text saying "hey sarah!
apparently werewolf was allergic to peanuts
i had to take the bus there (my moped broke down last week which is another story of its own) and she lived close the restaurant so it was convenient.
generous improv troupe performing for free
i felt like i was back in a mean girl high school situation.
i sheepishly turned around and said "if being made fun of for being overweight bothers you so much, maybe it's worth losing some of it".
important piece of paper tragically smudged with breadstick grease
they said they have enough evidence to assume he has been the sole thief and was immediately let go.
i know people hate the idea of wasting money of other people's weddings.
bush vows to discover, legalize aliens on american, martian soil
guests' chairs tilt, spray water at them during first-ever 4d state of the union address
he seemed fine with going alone for what would be 4 hours total just to get a few pills.
this film(i believe) was one of the most viewed videos on youtube in 2017(#9).
i was being a moron again and assumed that maybe she had changed.
rain told to go away in 1986 returns
cd club somehow tracks down local woman
my mother was picking on me for not doing great on an exam.
jeff bezos named amazon employee of the month
since i don't have that privilege anymore, i'm forced to either spend that time in my sisters room, who complains about me all day, or spend time in my living room, where somebody is always watching television or talking on the phone.
saying we should take care, is not an excuse for being careless.
he told me he never wanted to talk to me again and he said i was being rude by telling him and i hurt him.
when i arrived, i was panicking and went to the room where everyone was.
facebook user verifies truth of article by carefully checking it against own preconceived opinions
i feel that 3 years is enough time.
it was last week when i was in an arcade gaming session with a friend of mine and two strangers, one of which is a kid as per title.
no one in prison sure how jared fogle still eating subway every meal
doctor makes half-hearted alternative suggestions before handing over drugs
report: only predictor of happy marriage is if husband ever won wife big stuffed animal at amusement park
because of that, i opened a paypal case.
embarrassed snake can't believe documentary crew caught it whiffing while lunging at toad
many neighbors are talking about some kind of memorial at the neighborhood park.
i use these notes all the time and i like to have something nice to look at.
i know he didn't have a good trip and got annoyed immediately as we got to a's house, which in turn got to me and i didn't have a good trip.
so she gets dressed and i tell her, "just forget it." i tell her i didn't know chicken would cause so much drama and that i didn't have to have it.
corporate retreat teaches employees how to dick around as team
i wouldn't mind except it happens past 11pm and also around 630am.
i posted about it before, but basically i gave her an "xbox".
**agent** i wish i could change the address but the system only allows me to change the status, i do really apologize for this inconvenience.
aita for cussing out a bitchy classmate?
&#x200b; &#x200b; recently my daughter has been contacting internet predators and going behind both of our backs in order to do so.
english is not one such class, especially when it involves old literature that curriculums still administer.
thousands of onion social users burn effigies of ceo in massive show of support for company
max had never bit a person before her though.
flea market vendor could possibly let unidentifiable lump go for $15
al gore excited, proud to be at local event
but i had to get up early today so i just went to bed and didn't say anything.
he said i should’ve covered about half the cost myself and made everyone only chip in about $10-$15.
whole museum visit spent feeling guilty about moving on from paintings
my parents gave me death glares and weren’t too fond on my criticism that i said aloud.
we’ve been together five years and she’s literally my best friend.
aita if i don't want my wife to go to law school?
aita for looking forward to a recession so that house flippers and other predatory speculators lose their asses?
nra ad director still searching for right sinister music to play over footage of high schoolers
got carded asked another cashier for my contraband, got yelled at.
bachmann says unexplained blackouts from which she wakes up covered in blood won't affect ability to lead
ok, i do be coming on people too fast and too often but still he is gaining weight and looking like a swelling potato.
calm, measured trump hard at work after freak accident leaves him with railroad spike lodged in skull
new visa talking credit card urges buyers to go for it
i told her i can’t hangout with her that one time that she did want to hang out because i was going out to ball with the homies.
overpopulation of the earth: will it create valuable new markets?
my girlfriend and i seem to be at a cross roads with this and i am not sure if ita or just losing my mind.
i picked up the universal needles and then dropped them (stupid, i know, but she just wanted me to try) so i still wasn't sure which ones she needed.
i just feel unfulfilled and alone and it has started to take it’s form in a little bit of animosity against my son and i never want that to happen.
new study confirms humans only use 10% of genitalia
i just remember growing up my mom would let my sister watch me but not my brother.
because he was listening to some singers (he was also with his friend).
scientists theorize what earliest dinosaur researchers may have looked like
i feel like helping her get over her hangups could be a good thing for her aita to want to have sex with someone who was recently discharged from a mental hospital
aita for taking what i wanted from 7/11 when no one was there to ring me up?
bill & melinda gates shocked to learn ghanaian school never intended to pay back money lent to them
another commenter told me it wasnt healthy that i didnt want my girlfriends to fuck other guys.
so i told him that i’d go to that party.
my notes are impeccable and i have a photographic memory.
new study finds average american stands no chance against what's coming
man surprised to learn high school classmate became completely different type of fuckup
strangulation the new blow to the head, says hired killer magazine
i was hurt but understood that we have drifted apart the past few years.
so am i the asshole for seeing through his manipulation and stopping it?
report: you're actually saving money with roller rink membership
i like chicken from pizzahut, the chicken in the shape of a ball.
report: getting parents off back now accounts for 38% of economic growth
i feel differently now and would rather go alone.
they seriously believed that woman and not my mother, who's proved to be honest about so many other past things?
aita for winning games of pool because of playing by professional rules?
elon musk offering $1.2 billion in grants to any project that promises to make him feel complete
but with my medical history i decided i should go to the er to get it checked out.
fertility center asks couple if they want some cheap eggs from a real fucked up chick
woman who left room crying earlier expects to jump back into party just like that
i just got accepted into computer engineering at a school and i had a couple of questions so i thought emailing the undergraduate coordinator for my major made sense.
so me and his wife planned a prank for his bachelor party.
i can stay behind if you want to, i dont want you to get into trouble or being harassed." she gets louder and the softcore version of what she said is that i should not treat her like a little girl who can't protect herself.
the only way he knows to “fix” this is to go to sleep.
few years in military would have really straightened out troubled teen killed on first tour of afghanistan
tl;dr got mad at a stubborn neighbor and my unsupportive wife about him not letting me follow him into the gated community.
child abuse: how much is too much?
nasa launches probe to find, destroy earth-like planet
i go to jane in her room with my brother "john" in there.
bush to meet with agriculture secretary down in the holler
disappointed first-time voter thought he was going to get to pull big lever
this is exactly what happened below and the review i left worst experience ever.
i could tell that made her uncomfortable, but i was uncomfortable too.
i thought it was mutual at the time, but looking back i likely wanted it a little more than she did.
**so i lied by saying i already called and have yet to hear from their techs.** rep gets busy.
he’s on the 7/8 grade team, and is on the a-team (the school has a-d teams based on skill).
in order to qualify for a dog, i need to have seizures.
and if i will do everything it takes to prevent it from hurting my friend who was abused.
she was so happy, i gave her the present in front of our entire family.
i know swearing was uncalled for, but i was absolutely livid.
on the rare occasion he is free to play games with her and talk to her on skype.
the most frustrating part is i’d honestly be surprised if this was coming from my son’s grandma and not his mom.
*it's a little over a quarter of the way into the school year* since she went on leave, we've had five different teachers over the span of around 4-5 months.
i offered to apologise and do whatever to make it up to them but my sister said no.
aita for not wanting my daughter to sleepover in a dangerous part of town?
70 percent of americans in favor of watching iraq get bombed on tv
fast forward to last week and i let my friend know who basically consoled me when this girl rejected me 2 years ago that i was kinda seeing her now and she's like she doesn't like you she only is seeing now that you're doing well and is a gold digger.
senator baucus shows rest of congress where he found the dead body
however he still thinks he has the right to deny baking a cake for them.
he informed me that he was looking for a relationship, and i told him that i was looking for a long-term fwb or a relationship (if i found the right person).
child visiting ellis island sees where grandparents once toured
stephen baldwin's personal assistant promoted to stephen baldwin
tollbooth attendant wishes just one high-speed chase would crash through entry bar
even getting the second one was tough because yeah, it's tough going through the motions when there's really nothing there.
fourth verse of christmas carol gets super religious
millions across country celebrate 'make a kid at work' day
i know this most likely means i'm an asshole but i'm wondering if i right to have a a slight feeling of vindication.
man wearing low-cut swimsuit as though public pool a sun-kissed sardinian cove
aita for being angry at my gf for drinking something she already swore off
female trump supporters just feel more comfortable with gop candidate who's openly horrible to them
she was listening in on our conversation and interjected it.
it is on the same date that my girlfriend and i had originally planned to go on vacation together, and i was torn in between these two events.
aita because i was honest with my wife about feelings i had developed for someone else?
a general summary is that she raised me to respect authority figures, especially her.
merry christmas!” i rolled my eyes reading that.
and then there’s my friend, or technically, my ex-friend.
many media outlets were saying it was brave of them to publish a video about a gay relationship at the time.
it’s inappropriate, horrendous, and nothing you say will make me think otherwise me-i wasn’t going to, i’m sorry you feel that way have a nice day🙂 aita??
i will now go to sleep after a jet lagged night with a lot of phone calls to locksmiths and friends.
latest jihad has something for everyone
they almost assume "straight and cis" people don't get to have a choice in who they're attracted to.
report: u.s. children lead world in hand-mouth coordination
alright, so i'm not a very good writer so please forgive me for the terrible writing but the story goes pretty much like this: i've got this friend nolan who's been a good friend of mine since 5th grade (in 8th now).
state's abortion waiting period allows women to explore alternatives to making their own decisions
she was my first, and i love her more than i thought i was capable of loving anyone or anything.
i know what i need to do now .
i tune in and she's reading my tweet out on stream and laughing about it, and calls me mr.
nation's underfunded public education system to experiment with shortened 6-day school year
when she turned to the bar to order new shots, i simply grabbed my coat and walked out.
he acts like he doesn't know whats going on.
pope francis washes feet of phillie phanatic
so imagine my shock and disappointment when he opens the gift and his only reaction is "meh" and he tosses the gift aside like its nothing.
justice department: 'want to see a dead body?'
&#x200b; fast forward to this evening, she gets home from her job and upon seeing me immediately goes into a rant about her boss (they don't get along.) i didn't ask her how her day was.
boyfriend forced to express secondhand outrage
college accepts safety student just in case top choices don't work out
new national park caters to business travelers
i remind him that he is off tomorrow and that when i'm home daughter usually sleeps in till 9 or even 11 if she goes to bed late.
oprah winfrey breaks record for most appearances on the cover of 'o magazine'
staff of new thai restaurant desperately hoping area couple will try eating there sometime
bigoted asshole makes the best barbecue
i stayed with him that night listening to him and telling him about my own struggles.
while still on the grass median he slowed slightly, suddenly cut hard to the right to try to get back on to the road (hopefully not to try to ram me?) and i saw the suv in my rearview as he overshot the turn and went rightward nearly perpendicular to the highway.
dzhokar tsarnaev finally moves off campus
aita for using the word “grammarnazi” to a jew?
i want her to be able to see my bank statements whenever she wants, but i don't want her to know my bank password because she would have the ability to take money out of my bank accounts.
new dating website helps plus-size jewish plane crash survivors find love
peta condemns bbc for trapping thousands of endangered animals inside tv screens
someone was saying that they wouldn't be able to afford a drug addiction.
speak later although you are welcome to call via messenger to say hello.
school for the blind has huge empty grass field out front
maybe he had been acting out because he was mourning?
if you don't like it, move." there wasn't anything i was comfortable doing at that point because i knew if i opened my mouth, i would say something i regretted.
his mother asked me if i knew what he was on.
am i an asshole for waiting to take the dog back because of this?
facebook apologizes for giving mark zuckerberg a platform
i barely got over the limit and obviously they never were super worried about my driving because they were right behind me originally and followed me a few miles but never stopped me, so i must have been driving decent enough for them.
aita so the office where i work took us all out for lunch and a secret santa gift exchange.
later on, she called me to let me know that she has a lot of respect for me but that i had crossed a boundary and was being emotionally abusive.
paul mccartney's mix-cd for new girlfriend a little self-indulgent
wild, rutting animals pour onto prom dance floor
study finds every style of parenting produces disturbed, miserable adults
i'll make it short : the prof asked how was that workload distrubuted before i could say anything, my partner said : " he did more than me " i felt that was misleading, so i corrected him, and said the plain truth : " he only did this, but it was not up to my standard, and i have evaluated that starting over would take less time and effort than improving his work.
the other guy was ticketed for running a stop sign, was found at fault for the accident and her insurance company is actively seeking his company to pay for the entire accident which i assume will mean his premiums will skyrocket.
and she has always been kind to me...
however my friend is sometimes unable to sustain a "good" level of drunk before he starts to go a bit crazy.
michelle obama not so keen on president's new bangs
i know it sounds superficial, but i just don’t think i would be sexually attracted to him if he is bald.
she got furious and i laughed because i thought it was funny that she got mad over cheese.
she told me not to worry about it since she will meet with a guy tomorrow (today) who will buy her old sport-shoes.
man knows he can always fall back on really terrible job that pays shit
girl scouts rocked by 'cookies for cash' fundraising scandal
moviegoer can already see where commercials will go
i made an account and shared news on that account from ringsidenews (which is the best wrestling dirtsheet by the way, we literally cover every thing wrestling related.
it was pretty but it just tasted like dirty vegetables and milk.
'i look forward to ending my life,' says assisted suicide advocate before being shot out of cannon at brick wall
historical archives: a salt cake recipe
i wanted to see if they actually listened to what i told them before.
i think rape is vaginal or anal.
bags filled with sand still most advanced u.s. anti-flood technology
sorry for the extremely long read.
there's a girl i've known for about a year.
i've been with my girlfriend for nearly 3 years, living together for just over 1.
aita if my wife, who swore she would not live with a dangerous weapon like an ar-15, gets a handgun for self defense so i then buy an ar-15?
millions of retirees absolutely sopping wet after seeing alex trebek's new beard
man purchasing pair of red pants better be ready to put up or shut up
i kept telling him to defend himself but he won't listen to me or he thinks of some cute but ineffective insults.
stoners announce plans to get stoned for that
also, i know that i am probably biased towards my own point of view, but am having a hard time getting over that for this specific case.
total hunk sitting over by plant
&#x200b; so to start things off my friend (21), upon finding a relatively lucrative job following leaving school has found herself in a position of some financial stability, though is by no means financially independent as she has to support her household a lot, and is presently one of two of the six of her dads children who can drive.
trump administration denies president was behind jared kushner's promotion to 4-star general
on my commute home from work there is about a 1/2 mile line of cars to wait through for a stoplight.
i had never seen it before, but she was very friendly, so i picked him up and took him inside and gave her a little bit of turkey.
groom not about to let some 6-year-old dance with his bride
the men’s bathroom experienced some issues today and there was a sign on it telling men to please use the upstairs bathroom while the downstairs one is being fixed.
i believe that i may have been a source of confort for jeff since i'm optimistic in a weird way.
i feel naive, but think i did the right thing.
every bill reminds congressman of ex-wife
i saw him posting on some depression support type groups, which is actually what prompted me to make this post.
mother surprised son needs so much ammunition for first day of school
m came up to me a few days later and she basically told me she was pissed off at me for telling l and that if i didn’t apologize we weren’t going to be friends anymore.
in total she cheated on me maybe 4 or 5 different times before we officially called it off...
i don't like dances and they make me awkward.
quantum political scientists hypothesize country headed in both right and wrong directions simultaneously
polka fan on a real harold loeffelmacher kick lately
i texted her back saying that i would call her tomorrow.
so today i had told 2 of my colleagues (who i regard as friends) that we discovered that my family member (a very very close one) has cancer, and that the situation is very bad.
paleontologists determine dinosaurs were killed by someone they trusted
i am a fast sleeper, and normally my wife will use her phone in bed.
university of nevada renames vito corleone school of business following latest accusations against benefactor
he always saw me as a threat to their relationship in the past.
here is the text exchange: &#x200b; me: hi m, please drive up and down our driveway more slowly.
she didn’t see it the way i did, labeled me a racist, and left abruptly.
concert spent constantly verifying presence of coat-check ticket in pocket
nelson mandela celebrates 94th birthday in prison after violating parole
report finds populace has collective goodwill to come together for only 5 more national tragedies
(the bass seems to vibrate his room he claims).
tldr: aita for being mad at my friend because he still keeps in touch with a guy that essentially stole from me?
soccer mom to suck off world's greatest dad
this other friend of her's has some terrible tattoo choices that i cannot comprehend, such as a pirate hello kitty on his ass because he lost a bet, along with some other low quality artwork.
before this i was up for anything and whenever someone suggested something i'd just agree because i just wanted to get a concensus.
while he was backing off, i was starting to pull ahead of the car that was blocking the middle-lane and \*probably\* could've safely cut over in front of them but i didn't.
study: average father thinks about sealing in meat's juices 4 to 5 hours a day
loss of virginity more humiliating than original virginity
'les misérables' takes home oscar for most sound
i then asked, “why would you do that to me?
aita: i think i might have got a guy fired for hitting my car
her cousin family still comes to visit with the guy that raped her, again, like if it is normal.
so, don't really know where to start.
my girlfriend did the same although she said she wanted to lose weight (she's honestly gorgeous and i cannot for the life of me fathom why she would want to lose weight) but i said i'd help her out and support her (this was about 3 months into my own training).
woman deriving some sort of sick pleasure from healthy new diet, lifestyle
obama reminds nation that he's taking personal day next friday
man halfway down giant water slide remembers today 9/11
i wanted him to prove that he was becoming a better person but i would catch him in small lies all the time.
area man honored to have name in hat
flash forward to next day when i apologized and she rejected and her friends started to argue that i should have not said that, so i walked away.
bill cosby attacks disrespectful behavior, skyrocketing crime rate among elderly black male comedians
we live in a hcol area so this was a big deal for us, a very significant part of our lives.
because of this, we have been at odds over this issue, our relationship is great otherwise.
city to issue deep, meaningful municipal bonds
if i had to make a rough estimation, he probably earns on average between $200 and $500 per month.
5 million illegal immigrants to realize dreams of having deportation deferred
i called her crying and told her he called me an attention w\*\*\*\* because he basically did and he reminded me of my father, yelling at me.
scientists discover dangerous link between book learnin', back talk
fema unveils nationwide phone tree in case of emergency
nation begs for midterms to be pushed back to delay start of 2020 presidential campaigns
she lives by herself, my grandfather died 5 years ago.
i refused to give her a ride and had her call her own uber.
3m introduces new line of protective foam eye plugs
i got really impatient and i went and pushed him off the board and he belly flopped into the pool.
comic-con opens with traditional superhero flyover
thousands of rats tumble about uncontrollably inside snoopy balloon high above thanksgiving day parade
i’m not under any kind of impression that bisexuality implies unfaithfulness; i just don’t really know how to reconcile with the sudden unbalanced nature of this relationship.
nation urged to be extra sensitive to men reliving trauma of not getting something
department of labor response team seals off toxic workplace environment
hillary clinton: 'young girls should have an equal opportunity to one day feel power coursing through their body'
i'm truly sorry if my post offended anyone.
before i could do anything the cat climbed up the back of the couch and managed to snatch the bird.
after a few days, my friend asked how my step dads thumb was doing and i have the realization that the only way my friend could get information about my step dads health was through me, so i kept the story going.
new forced-retirement community opens for local 60-year-olds
to my mind we were broken up and not getting back together, but i knew he still had hope for the relationship.
when i first moved in, i had to travel very far from where i lived with no job set up and a couple hundred in savings.
sorority raises money at local stable with bikini horse wash
local man puts rehab behind him
she kept coming up with excuses instead of just a little “my bad”.
what hurt me so much was that you practically called me a liar and then lied about sending 'my friend' that message.
aita for banning depressed people from a streamers twitch chat?
daytime-talk-show mixup leads to 1,000-pound- man makeover
after a couple seconds, she's says "okay" like she's done talking, leaves the room to take some shots with her roommate and then leaves me in the apartment soon after.
damning evidence shows actor al jolson wearing blackface
inexperienced streaker to practice in living room a few times before doing it for real
i call her every single week without fail on sunday evenings before she goes to dinner.
if someone doesn't message me for a couple months and then later wants to catch up, i'm like "cool alright at least i'm glad you took the time to just talk".
returning parents can tell son had huge house fire over weekend
new evidence suggests humans may have been dipping crunchy things into gooey things earlier than previously thought
social media startup looking for smug little fuck to take leadership role
man who skipped airport's moving walkway immediately realizes what an arrogant fool he's been
aerobics show used for almost completely non-aerobic purpose
she says "i have a boyfriend.
and cut them really, really small and make them disappear in a sauce so softly and thoroughly cooked they'd practically fall apart.
relationship not a power struggle, woman who's winning reports
i finally "snap" as i am so pissed off now that i totally don't remember what happened during the end of film.
woman longs for day when first female president can have tell-all book written about disgusting vagina
'at least days getting longer,' squeaks tiny inner voice drowned out by rest of worries
so, i just went over and asked them to not let their dog crap on my lawn.
u.s. improves infrastructure with transnational power strip
all the family (dad's and mine) send him gifts and very rarely is it wrapped.
google now giving female employees free day each week to work on lawsuits
no one else in my family knows this except my dad and myself.
today, i texted our landlord myself.
area man's biggest accomplishment not ever killing anyone with his car
b did not feel the same way and replied during the break.
area woman recalls days when she resented being hit on
the mother is a stay at home and they have a lot of family support if she couldn’t watch them for some reason.
there is so much going on right now and i’m uncomfortable knowing that she’s with this guy all the time rather than looking for a house for us or spending time building onto her resume for the new job, or spending times with us.
cam girl has ash on forehead
sessions vows to protect all deeply held religious bigotry
aunt enters ninth year of raving about 'wicked'
gm announces plans to recall driverless car by 2021
today i was cycling omw to the store, a street i had to go through was blocked by several cars.
report: nuclear arsenal will go bad unless used by 2000
adidas unveils new running shoe for fleeing from mass shootings
so, who is the bigger asshole?
after we graduated we didn’t see each other for a solid year or so.
his mistress acted just like hops did, like she did nothing wrong and deserved all the sympathy.
recently, she got involved with a guy who was cheating on his gf to bang her.
the grindr guy then offered us $400 to send a video of me blowing my friend.
aita for putting parsley on my roommates scrambled eggs?
it turned out that i was the only one with a working car, which was a stick shift, and the only one able to drive manual.
i figured it used to be someone's pet but they had abandoned it.
so, was i or am i the asshole for getting that puppy?
that's how dogs get abandoned wibta if i insisted on my mom not being present for the euthanasia of pur dog?
lifeguard getting pretty fed up with out-of-breath kid always hanging on lane line
my youngest cousin (13, only child), we'll call him tristan, has medium/low-functioning autism.
brake blocking, unlike normal blocking, slows down opponent's car a lot and makes it harder to catch up.
i then asked if he thinks he can go pro in youtube and he said yes .
aita for jerking off to pictures of my friends and lying about it to my so?
ok, when we first started dating, i told her i was trying to learn spanish.
but she has told me point blank the exact brand she wants.
i don't mind kissing but he didn't take 'no' for an answer if i wasn't up for it so i just caved and let him kiss me.
horrified grimes stumbles upon boyfriend's $18 billion plan for all-new, reinvented grimes
it's blown over now, i'm just asking.
now, my girlfriend of almost a year is a great, wonderful person.
anyway i noticed that she was a bit fat around the stomach.
his mom left him and dh when he was a baby and dh raised him.
i feel like mac's forcing my hand to either concede the game or use up my time, granted i did say that i was going to play the game before.
&#x200b; &#x200b; aita for letting my friend take my flatmates juice?
teacher frustrated no one in beginner yoga class can focus chakras into energy blast
l frequently jokes about serious topics like suicide and depression, with such enthusiasm that nearly the entire class can hear it, and have told him to stop several times (he doesn’t).
and when we do have sex, i pull out with a condom on right before i finish or i won’t even finish via having vaginal sex at all because we don’t have it enough for me to be able to have sex with her at a pace that i can finish at...
the bouncer wasn't letting them back in because she was too wet.
i deleted a bunch of people from facebook a while back and it's because i was in a really bad place.
i said i had some issues to soften the blow, since i basically told her, and intended to mean that i don't really ever want to talk to her again, even though i'm doing great.
comic book fans adamant that human torch be played by actor whose body actually engulfed in flames
because i wasn’t and my bill had the cost of two drinks instead of one.
breakthrough procedure allows parents to select sexiness of child
question is, was i the asshole here?
trump boys forge father's signature on letters they wrote excusing them from any more testifying
when i get back to my room, i turn on my phone and i see the missed messages from her saying that she would be outside my classroom’s building waiting until my class ended with cookies she baked me for my birthday.
keep in mind that he paid $500 for it using my mom's credit card).
grad school is more about learning rather than getting the grade; that's why we take classes to learn, not to get an easy a and waste our time not having learned anything.
edit/ firstly, i am aware this is an immature argument, but my sister is still acting like she was justified so i thought i’d ask y’all.
man's ironclad grasp of issue can withstand 2 follow-up questions
ex-boyfriend just thought he'd check in and throw entire day off
bob barr on two-party system: "waaah! waaah!"
i was driving on the interstate where the speed limit is 70mph.
all i want is half the dishes and her mom to butt out.
i responded that i always thought she did it for herself (she was raised a jehovah's witness and never got to celebrate christmas as a kid) she stomped off to another room and started sobbing, muttering about how rude i am, and eventually came back in to call me a "fucking asshole" and asking why i would ever think she celebrated christmas for herself.
watching tv shows on dvd the way to do it, area man reports
few animals harmed in making of film
couple nervous to admit they met online in comments section of 'how to iron shirt' video
i really don't want her to do this and i also feel like she went behind my back planning to go on this trip all this time.
fda report finds food prevents hunger 98% of time when properly used
after that i continued yelling at my friend telling her i didn't appreciate being lied to.
she got a little upset and said its fair, but wishes i would share with her because she would share with me if i were in that situation.
if i get rejected or worse i usually end up blocking the girl/woman in question, and move on.
now she was the angry one, "oh my god why did you do thaaaatttttt" "what the fuck is wrong with yoooouuuuuu", i replied "your backback is next" and she quickly got up and left my house, i of course walked her out to make sure she didn't knock over a tv or something.
anyways, the smell is absolutely putrid and will make you gag.
marine determined to win heart, mind of at least one iraqi
bitchy girlfriend just asking for anne hathaway to swoop in, steal man away
secretary of agriculture gently reminded about dress code
mitt romney graciously accepts thing he has paid millions of dollars for
brief moment of lucidity called panic attack
ammonia-factory leak exposes texas town to mexican working conditions
area man has no idea how to get copy of birth certificate
this is a reading exercise and you are all out of shape.
things like "persons name, get your dick out of her etc".
as i was waiting for my truck to warm up to get food, i suddenly see my dog out on the road.
report: underpaid migrant laborers working 18 hours per day on fifa legal defense
i'd never want to treat him badly but i do plan to marry him so i want to make sure that i don't have any major problems.
the relationship is important to me but have i damaged it permanently?
aita for being pissed off that my friend didn't get me a bday present?
i am planning on breaking up with her after our exams.
louis vuitton releases new line of designer leather freezer bags
my question is this: our neighbor 3 doors down left a vaguely threatening letter on our porch on christmas eve.
but slowly i found myself thinking about her in ways that weren't pg.
since then, the true landlord has come down with dementia.
area dad looking to get average phone call with adult son down to 47.5 seconds
man wishes there wasn't so much blank room on anniversary card
aita if i tell him what we told our other neighbors (we’ve tried containing the chickens, bear with us, were working on it, we’ll power wash your sidewalks and give you free eggs) and ask him not to leave threatening letters on our porch ever again?
he gave me his password then.
she wouldn't hardly talk at all.
i told her since my friends dont find me manipulative and she did it was super toxic to me and that i understood if she wanted to continue believing it she didn't have to talk to me.
i'll practice something, try to make sure i have it right or really close...and then when i ask her about it or try to say something to her, all my effort is thrown out on account of a minor mistake or mispronunciation here or there....which is kinda the point, since i'm trying to learn...
glade introduces new air freshener mask
- to support my 20-year-old brother who checked into rehab on the opposite side of the state.
i can't help but feel like the whole nasty situation could've been avoided if i just ignored what my dad said about my friend.
i bought her a really hard to find ticket for a concert held on a beach this summer by her favorite singer.
i'll look out for her." now at this point, i was torn.
the homeowner *knows* i am currently incarcerated.
it would have been no problem and created no drama.
one of the guys in there was jewish.
tl;dr: told someone to relax on tinder and to try to be more positive, it did not go over well.
man wishes there were some kind of pre-midterm race where voters could select better candidates
facebook: 'we will make our product worse, you will be upset, and then you will live with it'
then for the next month she says she wishes she could take it back, but because of how mad i got when she broke up with me she didn't want to get back together.
faint hope granted by word 'presumptive' cruelly snatched from american people
&#x200b; the next morning there was a harshly written note addressed to me from the flatmate in the kitchen, basically saying it was disrespectful, i should be responsible for my guests actions and that it wasn't about the money it would be inconvenient to buy another one.
kendrick lamar deletes 'rhymezone.com' from internet history
a couple of my personal friends that knew john made fun of him when they found out.
audience calls candidates back on stage for debate encore
new movie taps into nation's love of rapping kangaroos
she continued crying and punching the roof of the car, and eventually i snapped and yelled at her, saying things like “stop acting like a baby” and “just suck it up and deal with it”.
i can definitely understand this point of view, taking into account that my close friend probably didn't realize that i would feel this way and that she did it with no harm in mind (she's a nice girl but kind of slow ).
he then angrily/sarcastically apologized saying "i'm sorry that something i said affected you when it shouldn't have and that your reaction wasn't what i expected".
but i have never (as far as i know) dated a guy who wasn’t straight.
it just feels like you want to feel "special" or not considered "ordinary" or some bullshit like that.
ceo spends 30 percent of earnings staying out of jail
so, i always tell my brother to stop singing, since he randomly does it.
this kid has been bullying my youngest because he's a 6th grader and all of this dumb preteen bullshit.
my internship crashed and so did my education.
the next day i went to school with my son and confronted the teacher, but all he cared about was that somebody used a mobile phone to record in class and instead of listening to me he started asking the kids who used his phone in class and at this point i completely lost it.
we weren't going to work out.
i wouldn't care if he cussed him out at that point.
'to defeat them, i must become them,' john kerry says while putting on black face mask
late-working ceo calls out for coffee in vain
i just wanna know if i'm an asshole for this so i can apologise to her if i need to.
aita for telling people to do their own research?
area dad off to bad start with waitress
the girls then went of on a rant about how much of an asshole i am and that it's okay to be overweight and so on.
now i’m mad, i find an opening i speed past him, cut him off and sat in park with my e brake engaged.
we had regular talks about whether we were both still happy with the relationship and with the monogamy part of it.
area man patiently waiting for humiliating email to cycle off first page
i made it very clear from the day she met him.
confusing roadside memorial features bicycle, rotary telephone, jug of some kind
george jefferson honored for black television history month
it was my task to feed them and prepare their meals.
prima donna species just has to have every part of natural habitat intact
basically, the bottom line was, he was convinced he'd be in too much pain to enjoy the weekend without these meds.
she said “(brother) might have jumper cables, maybe he will do it” so am i the asshole and just making too big a deal?
i had added yogurt to the shopping cart for myself, it's not an item we usually buy but they were willing to pay for it.
genetically modified chicken lays its own dipping sauce
no grades can be earned from it, only a certificate proving that "yay, you can now speak one more language".
i'm still pissed at the ex for ruining a surprise for no reason.
and to compare something as precious as a child to a dog is ridiculous to me.
i’m me(obvs) and friend is ‘a’ me-happy 9/11!!!
poll: majority of americans still remember where they were when gandalf fell into abyss
report: logan's mom put him on a diet
new country-music video has look of 1991 rock video
throwaway cause this account would be easy to find.
&#x200b; &#x200b; &#x200b; &#x200b; aita for living with extended family to go to school while traveling to see my fiance?
calm sense of impending violence returns to middle east as ceasefire brokered
pope francis on vatican abuse scandal: 'just tell me whose feet to wash'
i said i could pay for myself.
i still would like to see you because you mean a lot to me".
cardinal law canonized following miracle of escaping criminal prosecution
&#x200b; so yesterday, a was making so many funny jokes at the expense of c, and b was saying "okay it's getting really old." but a also kept making the jokes to annoy b.
am i the assholes for wanting to have my ex off the same phone plan as me??
and now, while i'm meeting other women in hope of finding a new partner, she's forcing herself to stay single because she doesn't want to lose me as a friend.
jeb bush surprised how easily stance on confederate flag set him apart from other republican candidates
new prisoner recognized from 'scared straight' visit
in my real life i’m engaged to a well known streamer.
federal reserve vice-chairman roger ferguson: hot or not?
if i go out with my friends, he will text me the entire time.
my coworker has a good relationship with miriam's supervisors (and i do not have a good relationship with those people) and had mentioned to them some of the smaller issues.
mom's christmas stocking noticeably less full
i know i probably have a gaming addiction but i don't intend for it to mess with my studies.
it was forced, my dad's health was seriously declining and he couldn't work anymore, but he'she's seeing a doctor regularly and things are starting to look up for him.
we were fine while i was on it as i never gave much second thoughts to anything, but within a couple weeks of tapering off, my true feelings about a lot of this bullshit came to light.
jazzfest performer recognizes audience from last year
this was totally unnecessary because there was plenty of other parking -- there were 4 or 5 other available spots within half a block.
she took the kids for a walk.
local man a paper-towel black hole
except all of a sudden she got deadly serious.
9/11 memorial curators decide not to display swastika formed by twisted girders found at ground zero
i panicked for a second and slammed on the gas pedal to get some space behind me.
i’ll own up to it and say this isn’t real and i would never actually do this.
in my mind, its not my issue should you not be ready to take orders and that is something that as the business you should be prepared to handle properly.
half-empty bottle of malibu found in woods behind school
sudanese youths go wild for great taste of any food whatsoever
i told him to let me know so i wouldn't be an interference and we would resume a normal friendship.
perhaps when i said i would sell and my husband said no.
i was really nice to her and always responded to her texts.
'once they put me on cheeses, i will finally be happy,' says costco employee handing out free vienna sausage samples
area man pretty shaken up after running into casual acquaintance at cvs
projects, exams, time, i’ve got a lot to manage.
chubby jewish boy dreams of one day being next apatow muse
we all know you're faking depression.
mitt romney soars in polls after leaving country
i am autistic and have dealt with anxiety myself as well.
we’ve just finished the semester so normally all four of us would go home for winter break, and the apartment would sit empty.
mom calling to ask if she can throw away 3-ring binder from middle school
they need help with the spring clip collars for the end of the barbell.
paul ryan smiles, thumbs up way through question about specificity of tax plan
my friend was taking another person with, and i didn't want to throw a party with the worst case scenario of 3 people.
arne duncan spends visit to local elementary school looking at ufo books in library
so a few months ago i stumbled onto the best shoes i've ever worn.
\- she doesn't have to go all the way overseas to visit archaeological sites and museums, especially because her career focus is on the americas.
i asked for space and therefore it is up to me to decide when i have had enough space.
part of the gameplay includes things called generations where everyone takes turns going in a circle playing cards and using abilities.
this person means literally nothing to me.
report: 57% of all activism involves petitions to bring back discontinued food items
parents' password cracked on first try
my girlfriend was in the front seat, me driving, and our three other friends in the back.
i don't want to be involved in anybodys life really, just my friends and fiance, who i trust.
he says he’s not confident in his body, that his once extroverted personality has become introverted, and other similar things.
study finds americans lead world in ability to justify unnecessary purchases
this has made him so laughably incompetent in shop that its sad.
23andme forensic kit informs customer what crimes he's committed
limbaugh says drug addiction a remnant of clinton administration
in high school we were sort of friends, but we only hung out with each other in groups and weren’t very close.
even though she knows he is struggling with letting go of our old relationship and this is hindering his commitment towards her, they are building something together based on the fact that this relationship is over.
man bragging about how infrequently he receives dental care
destruction of rainforest cafe clears room for new hooters
recently it was revealed that the recruitment had changed and now they split applicants into 2 pools.
well, i also don't know what it's like to be a child who needs a home but i bet they don't either.
trump covered in own shit after furloughed white house staff fail to bathe president
bush calls incumbency key issue of campaign
victor hugo's les lunchables to hit broadway
his change to commuting is only going to inconvenience him, not prevent him from taking the class by any stretch of the imagination.
so reddit, i genuinely need an answer here: was i the asshole in this situation?
viewer prepared to believe whatever documentary tells him about coral reefs
i never want to hurt my friends and i am genuinely sorry if i did, but i don't know what she wants me to do now after our argument.
earlier my girlfriend kinda exploded on me saying i'm an asshole for trying to make everyone disown her.
since the 1870s, our school has held our graduation in our stadium and the attire has been “white dresses for girls, black suits for boys”.
*edit spelling error aita for telling my friend that men will not want to come to a traditional coed baby shower?
would i be the asshole for not wearing a suit to the wedding?
report: 84% of americans currently contestants
in my head, i thought i'd just let him drop me there and then i'll take an uber back home.
aita for thinking it’s selfish for a person sitting at the end of an empty row of seats as people are filing in to a soon-to-be-packed event?
that's about 140ish people, all singing together, having a good time, and it always sounds beautiful.
teen weirded out after running over english teacher outside of school
cern researchers apologize for destruction of 5 parallel universes in recent experiment
it drives me up the wall.
cat totally unaware its owner aaron eckhart
aita for running a cable guy off my front porch?
i always have this niggling reminder of what she did, and i do not consider her as someone i would want to marry because of what happened.
am i the asshole for being upset that nobody told me, even though pretty much everyone even tangentially related to our friend group were told about this?
i call bs and am attacked by all her family and college friends backing up her story.
because of this, i know that he can be a really genuine and caring person, but he does a lot to cover this up, and he is also very picky about who he is genuine to.
heartfelt apology robs man of cherished grudge
new restaurant specializes in trendy japanese-japanese fusion cuisine
she's about six months old and she can't hear.
so i am with mum to airport, pick sister up, takes about 30 minutes all together.
world leader wondering why he just met with the former governor of massachusetts
light turns green for me as a car or two still pass by “catching” the left turn from the opposing side...
i wish i could wish well on everyone, even the people who hurt me the most, but i can't wish well on him.
i'm 34 years old and my husband and i have been trying to start a family for 4 years.
it was really, really close, but i changed my mind and i asked if we could play games or something.
godmother obviously sided with us, but everyone else even started harassing my mother.
but knowing my father, if he's wrong about something there's a chance he'll fuse it with the person who correcting him, implying "that's what i meant".
k-pop group bts excited for first american tour since 1963 appearance on 'ed sullivan'
report: no one currently thinking about you
her close friends called me an asshole.
they have never asked me to.
gluten-free pancake mix just a bag of sand
fast forward to now, this girl b has become seemingly quite a lot more mentally healthy and has been with a therapist since that time.
kfc responds to stockpiling trend with 576-piece bucket
fast forward a couple months, i’m in charge of organizing team meetings and heading a task for a project.
i moved in with my aunt and uncle who i'm on good terms with, or so i thought, and they let me sleep on the air mattress in the gaming room on the top floor and eat their food, though i do try to buy myself meals as much as possible, but i will resort to sandwiches and oatmeal from their kitchen time to time.
school janitor's summer as human already a distant memory
st. peter scrambling to throw few more innocent souls into hell to meet monthly quota
so i knew she was someone i could trust, and could provide me a safe space for target practice.
abused 12-year-old alabama girl doesn't think she can handle being a mom on top of everything else
her sister lives on the other side of town, not close, and in the opposite direction of my home.
now flash forward in time, m rarely washes his dishes and lets them pile up, along with this neither m or the over roommate; a, are particularly clean people.
further today i see her in the corridor, and go back to texting on my phone.
the safeguards to restore trust were apps recording my calls and tracking my location on my phone.
&nbsp;&nbsp; i live in a student hall, and i hangout with a nice group of neighbors.
even though my brother was the older one, i never questioned this.
gay kid excited to be made fun of for second thing
amount of water man just used to wash dish to be prize of hand-to-hand combat match in 2065
an hour goes by, and no sight of him.
tl;dr: so, reddit, am i the asshole for not wanting to pay a restaurant to cook my meals because i practically have a private chef of my very own?
i was enraged this fool who is trying to.make my brother, the family's future into a slob by making him break the law.
biological life regrets waiting 2.3 billion years to try sex
we dated over a year ago, and the basis of our friendship was us saying that feelings for each other is a nono.
gay comptroller tired of being referred to as 'that gay comptroller'
background: i was arrested for violating a restraining order.
aita for calling out my friend on kissing his friend's girlfriend?
bush calls for end to 'era of political argument'
it’s a minor complaint so i’d mention it to my executive function councilor once or twice but it’s not a big enough issue to warrant more than a sticky note reminding her to clean.
i don't mind driving but sometimes i want to feel like the girl and be picked up and driven around instead of the other way around.
and then that’s where i met my boyfriend.
she very rarely gets horny, but it happens, it used to happen a lot more at the start of the relationahip though.
after this he dated another mutual friend for about 3 months.
study finds you irrelevant to success or failure of bollywood film 'zanjeer'
she said she’d walkie talkie other staff...
supportive parents encourage child's interests in anything within 15-minute drive
she confronted me during it saying that, i'm just letting him talk to her like that.
my wife didn't like the fan, especially during the winter, but i would fight with her to use it.
'better homes & gardens' puts first plus-sized succulent on september cover
no one knows about it except the parties involved, sometimes i worry about what my friends and family would think so i guess i just want reddits opinion given the context aita?
hamburger creeped out by eerie soy facsimile of itself on grill
my little brother is in his mid 20’s and still lives at home.
fans shocked after marie kondo reveals she has been dating untidy cupboard for past 6 months
&#x200b; finally over the weekend we went up to the finger lakes in ny and he asked me.
aita for reporting a sexual harrasment on a guy?
new domino's app allows customer to track pizza's movement through digestive system
anyways we went hiking and only my dog enjoyed everyone's company that day.
wedding planner suggests replacing unsightly groom
tldr: aita for being upset at my gf for her not letting me call her after work?
i rarely if ever talked about my past before meeting him.
grandfather's place at dinner table marked by pills
they kept these 2 dogs outside 24 hours a day.
nyc officials assure public most puddles of bodily fluid on streets not contaminated with ebola
we haven't talked yet and she went to meet this man and then will be at a friends house for newyears eve.
white house guidance counselor recommends clinton consider career in hotel management
the third bridesmaid had tried on this dress previously but didn’t want to spend 200 dollars and requested we keep the dress under 100 dollars.
young billionaire's age not reported for sake of nation's ego
good news kept from parents out of fear of proving them right
i don't know if i should apologize to him, or just let sleeping dogs lie.
barber not even excited anymore by bringing home free bags of hair at end of day
i got angry (silently, not a big scene angry), and just got up and left.
i was just trying to problem solve.
s/o and i are extremely happy and excited, although a little insecure because we don’t have much money and we just aren’t as stable as people would like.
fun-loving turtle all business when it's feeding time
the lights are off and so is the light on the front porch.
we both have jobs, and although i'm far from being rich, she seems to struggle with money more than i do.
evangelical christians enter 10th day of vigil outside your house
man nothing but lumbering golem of rewards cards
mike had flown out of the country for thanksgiving a week prior.
new jersey supreme court rules the bastard had it coming
humble ascetic declines in-flight beverage service
old dryer abandoned by train tracks now a vital part of ecosystem
aita x 3 questions: 1) aita for going back to work earlier than my wife wanted, given our situation?
area woman thinks she could live in city she's visiting
that stubbornness/forthrightness combined with the pressure he puts on himself has undoubtedly served him well on achieving his goals.
cottonelle adds blue strip to toilet paper but keeps what it does a secret
i just don’t think this is a good idea, but if you’re happy and you know for a fact that you’re ready, then that’s great.
i'm the asshole who almost lost the love of my life, and most of you were right - it wasn't over restaurants.
transplanted new yorker disappointed with local bagel scene
then i would tell them i don't know and to do their own research, which results in a passive aggressive "ok i'll figure it out myself".
they didn’t have none of my shit and proceeded to criticize me about not understanding how a girls body works, how period pains were the worst feeling in the world and how insensitive i was.
i hang out with her to remind myself to not act like that.
bernie sanders asks anyone who's serious about breaking up big banks to meet him on corner of canal and bowery at midnight
after 10 months of bitter struggle, downstairs neighbor masters 'jumpin' jack flash'
i brought my best friend (age 22) to my hometown for a holiday to show him around and meet my family.
i ended up not getting the job offer.
world war ii hero cursed out for driving speed limit
report finds one in five americans struggle with properly masking depression
(i asked g about this, and she didnt know what to say bc she didn't really understand how it does actually mean that).
his computer was left on the desktop screen so i copy one of his desktop shortcuts (i don't remember which one) and spam ctrl+v until the screen is filled (a pretty old trick, people have done this one dozens of times, but i didn't have time for creativity).
so eventually, i just stopped being her friend.
vp meyer shocked to hear about chinese international space prison
prince harry, meghan markle debating between hawaiian luau- or 'x-files'-themed wedding
we have a child in our class who has autism and is prone to emotional outbursts.
&#x200b; aita for pissing off my coworker with water bottles and other antics to the point of him writing me an explicit note?
i was so excited to finally have some relaxing time to myself and now she is even making that impossible.
i then say my dog who was very old at the time and sickly but she kept powering through it, teacher says it was an unreasonable choice and disrespectful.
it was so long ago, i doubt it matters, but i guess i'm just curious, because i always felt kind of like..
nation's fourth-graders continue to trail nation's fifth-graders
i wouldn’t say i have a foot fetish but i do like to touch girl’s feet if i’m having sex sometimes.
after my transaction with her i walk around to the other cashier (which is one of the coolest people there, he has even given/let me use a lighter before) and ask for the black & mild which he agrees to and proceeds to cash me out.
television executive's baby cancelled in development stage
meaning when i'm ready to get up the aisle is clogged--not by the people across from me, but people from the back.
aita for getting into such argument with her mom?
supermodel's true beauty comes from outside
nothing directed directly at jews, but just normal edgelord/makes you laugh at 2 am shit like "mecha hitler" and just using the word jew where it made no rational sense.
he said that i have one job and i do it poorly while he’s busting his ass supporting all of us while paying off my debts.
during the fall it wasn't a problem because i killed time by going for walks or something like that.
fbi counterterrorists launch media campaign downplaying symbolic value of golden gate bridge
i did notice that she has become more frugal than before and has acted as if she is under more stress, but i honestly thought it had more to do with the accident than anything else.
shortly after i took the train my friend was mugged and had a bunch of money taken from him and his night generally ruined.
sitcom on pbs assumed to be intellectual
horrified nurses discover 40-pound baby after accidentally leaving it in incubator over weekend
new numeric boggle challenges players to find integers
she makes me stay behind after lesson and talk to her, she tells me what i did was wrong and she says she would’ve done something if she knew about it but i know that’s total bs, head of english department walks in asking what happened, teacher shows me negatively, i have to say sorry to get no punishment.
the dad's side is very extensive so like 58 of wedding invites are going there, like 13 to her mother side.
&#x200b; now, about 3 weeks ago i started a new job.
new downloadable content for 'assassin's creed syndicate' factored into monthly living expenses
ball park franks introduces new foot-wide hotdogs
he didn't like me as soon as we meet.
she ignores all contact that night.
obviously, my mom would detest this - she wants us to break up, not get closer together.
it could make him feel all sorts of things.
i don't really want to keep this going anywhere because i think it might come back to bite me in the ass in the future.
i'd known everyone in the group for a couple years at least by the time all this stuff went down.
they look great with all my clothes, and i really enjoy wearing them.
i kissed some other girls at some parties where she was also present which i later felt was kind of a dick move, but at least she found out that i wasn’t falling for her.
eric clapton wows audience with even slower version of 'layla'
buttery goodness now america's top domestic product
onion social embraces diversity by adding prophet mohammed emoji
unpopular police officer thinking about committing racially motivated offense for a little support
veteran brita filter's tour of duty extended another 3 months
but again, it’s two freaking nights.
i kinda stormed off and was a bit pissed at her for the rest of the day.
i think it will come in handy in a few years.
i knew it wouldn't be easy to come to terms with but i thought 14 months and 3 flings later it wouldn't be anything that jeopardized a friendship.
after dating for three months we started to have some disagreements.
t.g.i. friday's bankrupt after spending billions on priceless americana
i have told her we can do that, though i've always harbored this dream, and now i have the chance to make it a reality.
she said "really??" and started crying which makes me feel like an even bigger asshole but i'm glad she seems happy and less short with me.
however i made the point that we should wash our dishes immediately after use in the upstairs kitchen, something m agreed too.
new vcr made by communists, grandpa alleges
report: most americans' retirement plans consist of hoping their random junk turns out to be collector's item worth millions
report: only 893,000 news stories to go until 2016 election over
i decided to message her, to ask about the soccer thing.
tl;dr at bottom back in high school, some friends and i went out to a party and one of my friends got outrageously drunk.
mall santa crying hysterically in photo with toddler
but it has been fine so far.
report: double stuf oreos could raise tolerance to stuf
my husband has never even bought *me* a pair of diamond earrings but he purchased a pair to take back to her so am a little frustrated to say the least.
mike pence criticizes venezuela's use of torture, starvation on non-homosexual citizens
no point in waiting if i can see for myself it's safe to cross.
i told her on multiple occasions that i was not looking for a relationship at the mean time, but you guessed it: no change.
i feel like she would lie about things and not owe up to it, say it was just a “mistake”.
she told me that for the last year or so she had refrained from getting drunk among men since she didn't feel safe doing so.
man given 3 months to live throws in one or two non-sexual things to do
now, i'm a pretty modest person.
some background details that may help.
the only “work” i did was helping with mom’s business (remote work maybe a couple times a week for less than an hour) so not to feel like a complete slacker that i was.
trump-appointed judicial nominee displays legal expertise by withdrawing nomination
i am exercising more often, smiling in my day-to-day life, and rarely feel tempted by greed or other negative emotions.
i'm in "my room" working on stuff.
obama resigns from presidency after michelle lands dream job in seattle
aita for stealing money from my father in laws wallet?
i also told her i'd watch the baby on saturday so she can go out and get some food, drinks, a new hairstyle whatever she feels like.
wibta if i humiliated this choir because of posts they made about me on social media?
&#x200b; i know i'll have to apologize for hanging up on her, but am i the asshole for being pissed at her (imo misplaced) generosity?
baby put on phone told her parents hate her
he has now paid his due to society.
however, he disregards any blowback or things that might get caught up in his wake because “nothing can get in the way of me [(your son)] studying for the mcat.” this parochial mindset is not conducive to developing positive, successful relationships.
new one-a-month vitamin presents choking hazard
dance-club bathroom left out of gay couple's meeting story
the tv was a whole paycheck for him and i paid the parts that he couldn't cover and it took a toll on us since we're both college students with not a lot of money.
political scientists trace american democracy's severe polarization to fucking idiots on other side of aisle
i will point out that he seems to spend a lot of it on stuff not related to his disability, e.g.
we live in a two bedroom apartment and i feel like it takes up the whole wall of our living room!
the relationship started out in march and to be honest it was kind of a rebound.
can the american idol 2 winner end kelly clarkson's pop-chart dominance?
over 417,000 hours of private presidential conversations discovered after no one remembered to turn off richard nixon's tape recorder
neighbor said hi to me and asked if i saw tabby cat.
aita ignored my gf and upset her
as the next day comes and goes i see snapchats that she did go, with another mutual friend of alex and myself.
man wishes computer could do thing it already can do
&#x200b; &#x200b; edit 2: thank you.
friday arrives and i start working on the worksheet, and my italian teacher tells us that she said on wednesday that the two papers and translation were both due on thursday (the day before) and took my empty paper and counted it as a grade.
there are moments when i feel so old because i had a kid but then when i’m with her i feel like a child myself.
aita for not telling the truth or am i justified given the fact i gave him it as a favour and he threw me under the bus wen he got caught with the account aita for not backing my mate over an insta account
i’m sad you’re not in my life (my fault) and i’m still curious and sad as to why i’m not enough.
they started discussing other places we could go and i was just fed up with it all and said: people who didn't help set this up aren't allowed to complain now.
opium-inspired ad executive composes epic tums jingle
and i pull up literally about 3-6 inches, she pulls up a little.
in this package there was wisconsin string cheese.
pope benedict leaves church in helicopter with lebron james, paul feig for some reason
it's nice to stay with them and i dont want to be ungrateful, but it feels like an invasion of privacy and like they are sneaking around to do it.
after-work drinks enter third excruciating minute
retiree purchases recliner he'll eventually die in
fringe catholic sect doesn't tolerate child abuse
industrious otters now capitalizing on oil spills
police headquarters completes new addition to accommodate officers on desk duty for misconduct
investigators trace cause of notre dame fire to cathedral's outdated 12th-century electrical system
in fact i'm feeling guilty writing this post because i have to get back to work.
report: gap wider than ever between ultra-rich and reality
white supremacist living fulfilling racist life since getting kicked offline
i assured him i do it sometimes too, but make sure you do it very seldom and throw away the evidence.
she was at her concert so we didn't talk much friday night.
area man boasts 33 percent more self-absorbency
the guy she had no more respect for, but was still good enough to listen to her problems.
and that her teachers already confronted her about it and explained it to her why it was a bad email and she doesnt want me bashing her.
taylor swift breaks political silence to throw support behind restoring shōgun to throne of japan
little pussy has to take phone call in other room
hope fades for survivors in 1999 turkish earthquake
at 8am and 4pm about 3-4x a week, it sounds like they are running loudly, jumping up and down, and dropping heavy objects.
figured it's always good to get a second (or 5th) opinion, so here's what i posted on her wall.
i've cultivated the asshole meta mostly because i believe it's effective.
so i'm not interested in practical advice on that front.
she jokingly said i'll have to wait many months before that's possible.
romney delivers stern warning to china, speaking directly into the camera in fluent mandarin
edit: i have the day off today anyway so closing early affects me none at all.
the thing is, this young lady barely attends anything.
i told her she didn't even ask me to, and that we've talked about this before we moved in, but she says that because i live in the house i can't afford not to clean and that she can't believe i couldn't take some time off studies (was studying for a test tomorrow) to sweep the house.
most of the time they ask for money and i don’t feel bad about saying no because idk what they using that money for.
when i left that day i gave her a reassuring pat on the back as i was leaving as a show of support.
acne medication may cause dizziness, nausea, loss of hearing, insomnia, blood clotting, difficulty breathing
aftershock a real 'fuck you' to earthquake victims
my ex (her mother) has taken her phone and electronics away, so now all she has is a couple of older model video game consoles.
first day of school photos a chance to see how much cousin's kids are chunking out this year
two new burger king sandwiches negate each other
chuck todd extensively preparing to accept whatever candidates say at face value without any follow-up questions
divorcing parents assure anxious kids that dog still loves them
again we were both long time, serial daters in our late 30’s who felt we met our match when we got together.
hillary launches campaign to raise $100 million or else she'll run for president
exit from apartment delayed 20 seconds to avoid pleasantries with neighbor
new pompous asshole magazine to compete with cigar aficionado
he was supposed to have used it for one time, but it started raining while he was mowing and he stowed it in his shed to keep it from being rained on.
moving out- her and my brother find a house, buy it and move in.
one day, out of nowhere, john contacted me and was super upset because he found out that i was talking shit about him (which was not true) and told me he was done with me and to never speak to him again.
she also said that as soon as he got out of the car he started screaming at her things like "this is why m*****'s shouldn't be behind the wheel and that she's an n-word who would be better in chains among other things.
frustrated fcc unable to stop use of word 'friggin''
as a delivery driver i have places to be and often get chewed out for being late and these guys don't help.
last spring she had an accident that resulted in her being in the hospital for some time and left her with a great deal of medical bills.
ella told me while planning for my stagette, victoria decided she wants thailand for her stagette!!
which clearly you don't.** **finally, i understand the desire for a schedule and the need to plan your days and evenings given how hard you work.
had sex with a guy who she knew i didn't like at all.
romantic gesture too expensive to waste on current girlfriend
every intern at nonprofit trying to solve refugee crisis first
and never ever cries for no reason!
fracking industry now largest employer of recent pr graduates
so a little backstory between me and my girlfriend.
mankind tired of having to remind itself of good in world
i felt like i was in a good mood and felt comfortable around him and the night consisted of me initiating holding him (instead of the other way around) and whatnot.
god completely fucked up after huffing gaseous planet
this the fuck harness sex shop worker has at home
they had about 5 or 6 other farm dogs and her lack of ability to answer questions about his previous vet records was also a red flag.
monster truck driver beginning to suspect crowd is cheering for truck
at this time i started talking more to his girlfriend.
tabloid reveals pete davidson, kate beckinsale only dating as pr stunt to promote new york rangers
drone that destroyed wrong target casually flying away like nothing even happened
when she didn’t do it the same as me, i asked her to sit down and let me do it.
that show about the lady sheriff finally released on dvd
despite me doing exactly what they asked?
mom makes sure everyone has masturbated before long car ride
i tell s i am not speaking to s anymore and give her back a copy of the key to her house as i no longer want to see/speak with s right now.
i’ve packed most of my electronics ahead of time, so they’re not much of an issue.
hospital comforts patients with new therapy oyster program
mom can't wait for halloween episode of 'the big bang theory'
i don't want to do surgery because that seems shitty.
texas governor legalizes previously banned wrestling move
russian agent disgusted with things he forced to do to pass self off as reddit commenter
of course, i knew that her mom did want to support her, but just didn't know how to do it correctly.
but i also don't think it's anyone's job to be offended for another group of people.
she said went on and on, “you’re a very rude person you know that?” i laughed because i think she’s ridiculous.
as for her stuff i just simply took it all home with me, i turned her phone off and tossed the sim so that can't bite me in the ass at least.
he is always leashed on a 6ft non-retractable leash and is pretty good about not pulling.
i haven't brought it up with her because it's a legal change and i don't want to make her have to go through the entire legal process, i just don't get why she didn't ask me first.
science confirms men and women never meant to be more than friends
he is now moved out of his house with a relative.
aita for faking a narcolepsy attack?
u.s. to offer tax incentives to companies that do not openly make world worse at every turn
what happened: so we have a fairly common rule that we must ask for days off 2 weeks ahead of time.
leg man also an arms buff
i mean, some ambience is okay, but people being a nuisance is not okay.
area couple not sure if sex was tantric
gop releases new letter supporting kavanaugh signed by orrin hatch 500 times
previously, milo and i had agreed that if a situation even remotely like this was to occur, we swore that we would just 'fake it till we make it'.
biblical scholars find evidence church covered up for 3 wise men who molested baby jesus
climate experts say only hope for saving planet lies with people who save napkins from takeout order
furloughed government employee using time off to visit local food pantry she been hearing about
&#x200b; during an english class, a girl asked me if i thought my friend was gay and i said "i've known \[the guy\] for 7 years and i'm pretty sure he's bi".
male friends depart for annual camping trip to complain about camping
i thought it was a good idea.
obama lays out plan to achieve lasting peace talks in middle east
i decided that i already have a ring that’s basically in new condition.
my girlfriend’s close friend, mary, is getting married next summer and my girlfriend and her friend julia are going to be bridesmaids.
i've also never stayed in that apartment.
at this point, my bf says "wow, she just committed sexual assault".
he uses my mom's money to buy things (that are often useless: such as an electronic door lock for the house when a standard one does perfectly the job.
me and my girlfriend live together.
my colleagues haven't been hit by the table leg and we're pretty much like my just standing at the side of the hallway.
a&e biography host peter graves comes out in ellen-inspired ratings grab
but then, blam, a third player joins the arena.
aita for wanting to sleep at night while my wife takes care of our newborn?
she even invited me as her partner for her graduation party in february, so that must mean something atleast right?!
however, my roommate is saying i am a huge asshole and very lacking in empathy because she feels that i am kicking out a family in a terrible housing market, and the kids probably attend the school next to my complex.
cocktail party gets as wild as it's going to get
imo i'm using the freeway correctly and if people are not passing, they should be in the right lane which would force me over to the middle/left lanes.
seedless watermelon coming to grips with fact it'll never be able to have kids
but the question is, am i really really an asshole and should dial it back in game, or are some of these players just taking the game too personally, or am i the one taking the game too seriously?
study finds marine life now global leader in oil imports
but aita for asking or requesting that she goes and gets a checkup for issues conceiving?
divorce has been pretty rough on screen door
he also wanted to come after i told him how important it was to me and to them, but it feels like they think i didn't want him to come.
aita for not wanting to go to my class 1.5 hours early and wait 45 minutes for it to start?
area man fills important 'demand' role in economy
i will be gone for the majority of the day & do not know when i will have the time to do it.
tl;dr - my younger cousin recently started dating a boy whose sister really doesn’t like me.
aita for wanting a relationship with a person i love?
sat in backmost corner, nearest guy is 3 seats away.
she was fine with it, knowing how much i like football.
but in the news i've seen plenty of cases where people who aren't struggling spend the day asking people for money only to be seen driving away in a nice new car at the end of the day.
firewood, bread top new russian agenda
edit 3: final update, i told him the truth and apologized as per your suggestions.
fall internship pays off with coveted winter internship
furthermore, she said multiple times that she wants to improve at this, since she knows that it's not one of her strong points.
they said dinner was ready, so i went to the dining table and sat next to my friend.
dw chose to go stand with her at the other end of the room.
immune-deficient realtor forced to spend entire life in housing bubble
however, a few weeks ago my husband confronted me about potentially paying for his younger son's schooling as well.
i normally try not to engage too much but i felt the need to voice my opinion while i started my morning.
i needed to get my filling done.
he said that’s fine and made up an excuse to get off the phone.
his girlfriend was regularly taking to me suddenly after the breakup.
cory booker tries to relate to rural voters by mangling hand in grain auger
anonymous source informs bob woodward he hasn't been relevant in 40 years
terrorist plot foiled after concert security taps woman's purse
i was in a relationship with my ex for 8 months when i met “kyle”.
study: marriages between perfectly matched couples should still only last about 15 years
border wall prototype clearly designed by yayoi kusama
surgeon general warns teens cinnamon challenge is not for pussies
today we got to know that it will most likely be a girl.
peter strzok summoned before congress again for texts calling trey gowdy 'a pissy little shithead'
in fact, we were able to control the smoke to the point where when my mom dropped by, she couldn't tell.
bubba gump shrimp owner comforts depressed guy fieri
national security commission warns clinton: 'the call is coming from inside the house'
even though i continued to stay with my dad (beneficial to both of us as i couldn't work and he needed help around the house), i had to go to my doctor appointments alone, and deal with that stuff.
it’s more of whether the hypothetical scenario should be a cause for concern.
man totally proud of last night's drunken phone calls
new workplace diversity initiative kills one white employee every hour on the hour until more minority candidates hired
director's commentary for one night at mccool's trails off after 20 minutes
we didn't even negotiate a sale price!
pope francis renounces papacy after falling in love with beautiful american divorcee
i told him the reason that i didn't invite him was because i didn't want him in my space.
i eventually came back in and after a few minutes he explained that he wanted some peace and thought it was fair because he told us to be quiet and we didn’t.
this review i left summarizes my experience perfectly (i didn’t pay beforehand).
why should i purchase these items and encourage his behavior which might be adding to his depression?
my dog unexpectedly took another poop right when we were almost towards the house.
to get me to drive slower just needs a request.
i was thrilled because i had been eyeing him for a while (we had very briefly encountered each other a few times before through mutual friends), and i expressed my excitement to my friend.
a few days ago i was asked to fill out a survey about a fairly contreversial topic for a group who we'll call z from here on.
i know her love for me is much more important than any cigarettes in the world.
westboro baptist church not really sure why they're picketing allan arbus' funeral
i don't see marrying her (for many reasons), but we have a happy and healthy relationship.
she stopped crying and looked shocked--and even in the moment, i knew that i shouldn't have exploded like that.
she then proceeds to give a whole **speech** about how no-one in this family seems to care about her accomplishments and such, storms out, ruins the party and leaves everyone speechless.
aita for thinking that cheating on my exam is my business?
she always barely responds to my conversations.
said that he can be a little long winded but we need to be respectful.
this might sound like i'm being childish.
i've been asking about having a job at his place for a few months and he's always responded really positively.
new custard could cause worldwide flandemic
it's the apartment my mom and i moved to when i was in my late teens.
fellow cheerleaders rally cheer of support for recently raped teammate
georgia adds swastika, middle finger to state flag
my cousin and i have always been close, and honestly, she’s the closest thing i have to a sister.
report: mom would rather sit here and watch you guys have fun
134-year-old man attributes longevity to typographical error
study finds over 5 million birds die annually from head-on collisions with clouds
my sister in law did not want to have kids, at least not until she at a good point in her career, but my brother did not want to wait.
am i the asshole for not speaking up?
cat who seems a little grumpy today dying of esophageal cancer
slim and i remained good friends and hops knew i was a friend and thought i was a customer.
artist always carries around sketchbook in case he feels like making someone uncomfortable
at the time i told her, my dad was travelling, so he knows i have a boyfriend but not that said boyfriend is black.
i get his frustration, and at this moment he doesn’t know that we have tried to contain the chickens....but i’m writing him a letter back.
it has shit in the entry room 5 days in a row.
area fifth-grader won't shut up about raccoons
this is particular to those people who have trouble admitting their flaws.
so i’m asking here, am i the asshole?
this was her way of improving her boyfriends.
so we get to the park and start walking, and he immediately **sprints** out in front of us, then comes back.
which made me think of this sub.
as i got older, i would say this trait subsided a bit, especially as i dated because i was shy around new people.
body breaking down in totally different order than man expected
authorities urge florida residents to prevent further disasters by finally standing up to hurricane
after a heated argument back and forth, my roommate childishly claimed that he won the argument and said that i should just "hf with your shitty memory." i took great offense to this- firstly, i thought that he was my friend, and secondly, i know that i have a good memory (i generally score high on memorization exams and have even won a national geography bee).
i don't remember many of the details, and they aren't important, but it was a woman that neither of us had ever met and i never heard from again.
my wife has had issues with emotions/anxiety, and yesterday was an example of the worst of it.
i got home fine and went to hop in bed and right as i did i got a knock on the door.
i have two other partners, and my wife and i have a young child.
like im not currently in a relationship and have never cheated on someone but i really want to, and wouldnt mind if someone did it to me.
if she wanted one with a bigger hole, wouldn't you say a sewing needle with a bigger hole??
siblings playing tense game of chicken to decide who going to care for mom
considering a lot of curfews end at midnight, i generally believed that before this is what’s considered a reasonable hour.
he also talks about how his friend and her husband keep trying to sleep with him (he stays at their place occasionally).
these are things i’m actively changing and am going to individual therapy to address.
aita for making my mom cry?
i was more than happy to take the item's value in store credit, thus bounding my money to the store.
heroin addict better off than poppy farmer
'try it now,' shouts gogo internet technician standing on plane wing while fixing in-flight wireless connection
so now i'm second-guessing myself and i guess he actually wants to go with us.
she already inputs other expenses so this would be going in alongside other expenses - essentially it would be no big hassle to get a taxi from the airport.
fox news covers spring break pretty well
i’ve seriously been contemplating just giving her her christmas gifts for this year and then just cold turkey cutting her off but whenever i’m not talking to her i’m thinking about her..
woman wearing jacket indulging in forbidden pleasure of having pockets
even better, theyve all been playing it obsessively!
**4 months later** - get text from wilson "that sneak dis tho", ask for clarification, he sends a screencap of the aforementioned messages between me and bill.
child's favorite restaurant also dad's favorite bar
sorry if this doesnt belong on this sub i just want to know if i'm being stupid aita for not letting my gf buy a dildo?
the only valid option is my mom's house because during the morning the house is empty and we both can enjoy ourselves confortably without annoying anyone, but she once said she didn't want my brother and i to have sex in her house (she didn't gave any reason, she doens't want to, period).
report: 17 new species of bacteria found every day in world's rainforest cafés
sports psychologists suggest tiger's slump may be because of all that shit he went through
transportation secretary calls for $200 billion in funding to repair nation's rickety wooden bridges
the class, as i expected, is extremely boring and honestly hasn't taught me anything of value since starting.
i should also add my personality is rather sexual however i know the limits.
rubio refutes claim he soft on immigration by dragging undocumented worker he knocked out cold onto stage
apparently i, my dad, and my brother might all go see deadpool 2 in theaters.
this was on a sunday, and being a family fun kind of place it was pretty busy.
but im worried if he ever comes home from work early it could be bad.
you go in either alone or with a friend, and are competing against other people to kill/banish the boss monster first to earn rewards.
fruit of islam cause man to soil fruit of looms
new honda commercial openly says your kids will die in a car crash if you buy a different brand
portrait next to coffin most likely the deceased
rick steves cleaned out by gypsies
suggesting his absolute, almost paranoid, need to avoid possible accidents.
again, i have no medical or scientific training and i would be happy to accept that my thinking is way off base).
report: recently laid-off workers not doing enough to help economy
area woman has more than 200 products to help calm her
weird kid opts to sit perfectly still, let universe decide his fate after teacher instructs class to pair up
i told my husband we should have bought another house ." i was furious that this lady would keep on complaining and i stopped working made eye contact and told her " you know what lady, i understand your upset but at least you had the opportunity to live such a lavish life style.
i got a vibe that she wasn’t really experienced for some reason.
it started to escalate and he started throwing in some low blows that really pissed me off.
cockroach worried about what kind of kitchen cupboard he leaving to children
new vh1 show canceled for not being pathetic enough
bank of america introduces new existential rewards credit card program
the most common reason is that it was a derogatory term used to demean african-americans.
and of course the rep will try to escalate it.
goddamn righteous anger is pouring in a waterfall from my mouth as i watch my gentle, kind, wonderful boyfriend, who would let himself get run over by a car if it meant not hurting someone's feelings, wilt.
she sent the message about her stuff two days ago and i definitely planned on returning it; i just didn’t want to address not wanting to hang out at the time which isn’t fair - i appreciate the insight!
daniel tosh chuckles through own violent rape
this thing was so full she probably could've jumped in and swam about.
m then starts to complain about how my other friend (l) is bad at the game and how l interrupts the dungeon master all the time.
i go back out and return home at around 3 am and i find my cat not looking so good.
\- my sister wasn't easy to work with because she chose things i wouldn't want like a cabin in the woods, and then when they settled on the usual destination she demanded we go to an expensive restaurant thinking i'd want that.
i have tried offering her help, but she always just listens and agrees and then the next day she is having cakes multiple times a day with my father again.
she acts like some rich spoiled brat even though our parents raised us to be caring and giving.
after a few days of looking at her behaviors, i decide to confront a about it, i get mad and say that our friendship is over bc i feel like she manipulated me.
i respect her belief of no sex before living together/birth control/etc.
this sort of thing has happened 2-3 times the last year.
monkfish wishes monkfish weren't all the rage
i feel so sorry that she feels this way!
frontier airlines tells customers to just fucking deal with it
styrofoam clamshell hiding exquisite pearl of pulled pork sandwich
the couple has a toddler who constantly runs back and forth (with his shoes on) in their apartment right above where our bed is located.
while we were still broken up, she wrote me a love letter telling me exactly how she felt, why she wanted me back in her life, and what she would do to change what had happened in causing us to break up.
i get to class early one day and sit in my usual seat and my other (white) friend comes in and sits down next to me.
but whenever my wife even asks me to go over there i'm begining to feel betrayal.
i was talking to a guy but he lived 5 hours away and distance isn't something i'm wanting to compromise on.
my mom works with me for a newspaper, so she asked me today if i wanted to see her for thanksgiving.
christian bale loses 40 years for upcoming movie role
the seatbelt light was on pretty much the entire flight and people continued to get up and use the bathroom with no reprimanding or anything.
study finds man starting 'analyze this' during flight to boston currently happiest person in america
so, i’m a college student and i live with two other people in a triple room.
i took a video and posted it to /r/assholedesign, revealing the inappropriate popups.
this wasn’t always a problem, but sometimes rain or cold weather would make this trek difficult.
t-mobile announces wireless service now covers 70% of your apartment
me and my best friend had a falling out over him saying some pretty insulting things about my girlfriend of 3 years.
american airlines admirals club installs two-way mirror for members to enjoy misery of passengers in gate waiting area
him: well that's not how rules work.
in october, mike asked me out.
is it going to hurt you to give up your place for a child?
i thought it would be a fun good-bye and, as a bonus, i could see my family.
the next day she asked for keys back/where to send my things and i asked her what was going on.
about a week into my start as delivery boy, my coworker mentioned that i needed to stop leaving empty water bottles in the truck (it's been hot so i buy cold water).
standoff in ivory coast threatens to boil over into full-scale news blurb
'could've been me,' grumbles merrick garland watching gorsuch hearings at bar with fellow highway maintenance workers
before she got pregnant we were both workout/fitness junkies.
however, on halloween last year we decided to be more lenient and let him go as a unicorn, which was a somewhat feminine costume, but not quite drag either.
epa warns human beings no longer biodegradable
breaking: friend who just got motorcycle already dead
right side of fish tank where all the action at
owner of independent comic book store in ohio not quite sure how he's still in business
systems administrator would so fuck new trainee
60-year-old hippie pitied by 40-year-old punk
federal judge pencils blocking trump's unconstitutional executive orders into monthly schedule
the situation is copied from that post.
got really drunk last night and am pretty hung over, but i asked my mom if she wanted to hang out today and i feel bad cancelling.
and by telling her she needed to apologize i was asserting my power over her and the relationship.
sales disappointing for first-ever hustler swimsuit issue
i continued to my desk and got on with working.
excitement shifts to concern after coworker brings baked goods into office for fourth consecutive day
complete idiot forgot to shave area between mouth and nose
indian casino uses every part of the dollar
blizzard bringing back original 'world of warcraft' so thousands of gamers can relive most depressing era of their lives
'phantom thread' wins academy award for best film you liked but probably wouldn't see again
awestruck video-game fan describes brush with playstation 2
the friendly drunk girl wants us to go to the bar and all the other models are there.
i've asked her, and she gives me an incoherent response, listing off issues i was certain were addressed.
tic-tac-toe grandmaster devises brilliant new gambit
radio shack salesman 'a little out of it today'
my relationship with my mother is a mess that i don't think is worth getting into (but i will if people feel it's relevant).
i get a screen shot from my boyfriend that’s my roommate texting him saying my cat ate laundry detergent and that it’s all over the laundry room.
seeing that she has four children and no husband and he has zero in addition to a successful business i felt this was more than fair.
my fiance and i talked in the spring about getting engaged over this past summer.
man's alcoholism getting a little out of hand
hanukkah decorations being defaced earlier every year
man strains to find personalities in pet fish
we have a rather crude sense of humor and would sometimes write some not so politically correct comments.
teen learns the negligible value of a dollar
wibta for gifting a one year post dated cheque as a wedding present?
ps: sorry for any language-mistakes aita for making out with a girl on a new years party my ex-girlfriend invited me to?
i want to talk about so we can finally get over it as i feel like it’s still there,hindering our friendship.
professor sees parallels between things, other things
'the time to act is now,' says yellowing climate change report sitting in university archive
sure, area man can watch your cat while his life is falling apart
'kennedy curse' claims life of 77-year-old tumor-riddled binge-drinker
[here]( at every stage hospitals expect to make money.
zz top reveals meaning behind classic song 'legs'
he was creepy and started getting more and more aggressive and my mom said even his hugs were very inappropriate, but she still in my opinion treated us as equals.
brian williams retreats to mountainside hut to meditate on fickle nature of truth
he got a little too close for comfort, and there was a car to my right so i couldn't get out of his way immediately.
y didn’t know, and sent her the photos because i told her to.
heavy police presence in ferguson to ensure residents adequately provoked
you act as though, you're dying.
prince harry gets old suit tailored to wear to wedding
after that, during the holidays i did what every picky asshole like myself would do, which is hinting at possible gifts that i wanted.
he said that he couldn’t come after an hour of me texting and calling him to ask where he was and if he was calling.
regardless of whether or a not a video game it’s an activity for fun and if someone wants to ruin everyone else’s fun because they’re not having fun then i think they’re an asshole.
i would prefer this to some sort of crazy mic speech at the wedding.
for nye i went to a friends house for a party with three of my friends.
justin timberlake already beneath u.s. bank stadium waiting for super bowl halftime show to start
am i the asshole if i bring this up nearly four years later?
trump slammed for signing john mccain defense bill without praising how many people it will kill
he eventually confessed to me that he'd "seen my messages" to a friend that i had told i was going on a date with.
we both admitted we had feelings for each other but then things cooled off, and such.
my mom sneered at me and said "world's smallest violin." now for some background.
overweight man receives 'lose weight fast' spam e-mail featuring his picture
i'm thinking its hopeful wishing and, not to ruin the surprise, i tell him not to expect everything he wants.
also i did the rest " so yeah, that implied he did nothing that mattered in the final version, but i didn't want to say it outright...
i was tempted, feeling wanted and like a woman (after 3 and a half years he can’t even remember my eye colour) was too much for me to ignore.
my character died in a dumb way and i said "oh my god that's so retarded!" all of a sudden i hear footsteps come towards me and this girl is in my face screaming at me to apologize and how "offensive" my language was and that i was a jerk and a bunch on other stuff.
i think she became abusive towards me.
goose thinking of migrating home a couple weeks early to avoid the crowds
tldr: the couple that hosts our gane nights at their house had a baby, baby becomes an issue and distraction, wife can no longer participate even though she was just able to join.
obama: 'hillary will fight to protect my legacy, even the truly detestable parts'
why do the rights of owners get superceded by a renter’s daughters mental heath professional?
aita for yelling at my neighbors?
historical archives: john jameson's miracle concoction
first 10 minutes of chess game spent explaining replacement pieces
however, this year, it was very obvious that the selections where not merit based.
american girl recalls 50,000 dolls with chainsaws for hands
personal philosophy stolen from martin luther king jr.
mom calmly emptying dishwasher as if shrieking argument didn't happen 10 minutes ago
christ's face seen on miracle canvas
i haven't contacted her after that, but last night my ex texted me saying not to message his girlfriend or talk to her, he wants nothing to do with me, and he just wants me to leave them alone.
then they posted a pic of one of my best mates (who’s quite fat) where he looked like he was having anal sex with another guy and his belly was showing (it’s a really unfortunate picture).
i asked them to use my preferred pronoun- "normal"
i just said that his dad and i were going through something and i needed some space.
'i was the one who slept with stormy daniels,' says sonny perdue in desperate attempt to serve as trump's fall guy
report: more americans willing to accept female wonder woman
fbi agent's cover blown by own jacket
she is a virgin and we are waiting for her to be ready.
she wanted to take it slow, which i was cool with.
his nostrils flared as he smashed the button and put his face out in full sniffing position.
he refused and didn't even want the pizza anymore.
traveling is usually not too bad for me, because i'm like 5'0, 90lbs, despite being a 15 year old boy, so leg room is never an issue.
so, i've (m19) been talking to this girl (f19) , and we have this thing where we meet up, go to dinner and stay over at my place for a day or two, we were supposed to meetup today, but she called me and said she couldn't make it.
family cell-phone plan area family's closest bond
i thought that he treated me with respect at least.
i can tell the streamer gets annoyed but she hasn’t said anything to me about it yet.
i'm not actually gay, but i didn't want her to feel bad because i didn't love her anymore aita for pretending to be gay to break up with my ex girlfriend?
bald man just going to have to accept entire head will turn bright red from time to time
we had a peer review after each one that was given directly to the professor that he said would be used to adjust our grades at the end of the semester.
mom has stacked dinner party roster
david cameron to scottish people: 'i'll kill myself if you leave'
to get out of the way.
idiotic tree keeps trying to plant seeds on sidewalk
mathematical skill downplayed to get out of splitting check
i still want to send my daughter to that school because we've promised her so since she was about 5, but my husband says either both kids go or neither does.
when we meet we just talk and talk about anything, and the topic of how we’re coping with our relationship always comes up.
i disagree with my father and my parents’ conservativeness, but have yet to vocalize said disagreements.
now my gf told me to call her and say i'm sorry, which i am not at all, in my opinion it was the only way to motivate her.
tourist in white house gift shop browses rack of security clearances
people study too hard for this shit" too which i replied "that's why i'm looking at my study guide" and quickly put away my phone.
week 6 of the joke rolls around and my friend is back at my house for the first time since the thumb jamming incident.
sperm bank manager takes wealthy couple to secret back freezer where the real good stuff is stored
we are introverted and while close \[we write e-mails weekly, sometimes daily\] we just don't like phones and travel is emotionally tiring.
investigative reporter ruins fish sticks for everybody
you simply don’t care.” he then was about to mention something about drug dealers, which i then just said that i didn’t think the comparison was appropriate at all, and that if he really was comparing me being late to an act punishable by prison time.
peta protests use of animatronic animals in commercials
he was really upset and i haven't talked to him since.
ghost of carl sagan warns against dangers of superstition
nation descends into utter moral chaos following 'dear abby' writer's death
he told me that he’s got his last soccer game of the league’s season tomorrow night, and that he wouldn’t be able to do anything with me until after 10pm (i have school early thursday and would likely be asleep shortly after then anyways).
i approached the correct place this time.
&#x200b; &#x200b; i (20f) have a 2 year old daughter and have been dating my boyfriend (21) for about 7 months now.
or he will blow up.) and it seems to be getting worse as we get older (not better as it tends to do).
al-qaeda's no. 114 killed on office depot run
he told me he was hesitant to live with his partner so young but he had no other options, so i supported his decision.
we can’t a conversation without him bringing up his server.
my yard has a bridge to get over there, but we never go.
later on that day, my dad was furious with me for not "supporting my mother" during this grievance.
i had to drive 30 miles to get home, you all are saying i should fix it but it was literally impossible.
that's fine, area girlfriend to see 'anna karenina' when visiting mom over christmas
'holy shit, the government owes me 50 million dollars,' reports man incorrectly filling out his taxes
ketchup not fancy enough for local man
coworker almost got that exact same thing when he ate there
alcoholic parent easy to shop for
so, am i the asshole for trying to spend a bunch of money in change?
so i was having some banter with a couple of chaps at the bar and my buddy rodger is telling us how he got a promotion at work.
from 8:30 to midnight if the newborn is hungry i’ll bring him to mom to feed/pump.
and i believe a therapist/psychiatrist will have trouble making that assessment because we are all inherently biased when communicating with professionals.
so his quirk is that he dresses up in feminine clothing dresses, high heels the whole nine yards and he looks amazing breathtaking completely phenomenal.
ted cruz skyrockets in polls after head permanently sealed within iron mask
mueller reveals russia investigation just elaborate sting to nail clinton child sex-slavery ring
so, later that day, he dragged out his amplifier to the porch and his guitar and played over and over, full blast.
hbo presentation fails to deliver promised 'brief nudity'
then a short while later he asked where i was and i said i was gone.
he would frequent into the dairy cooler to hang out and chat.
when we met she thought she might be asexual but had a lot of trauma.
republicans poised to retain control of senate
i don't intend to take advantage of this again, assuming the bug is linked to my account or something.
later that night i went to give her a hug and she pulled away, and once again, told me she didn't want to be exclusive.
area veal calf is totally cramped!
neither of us hurt the kids or each other.
some people don't every appreciate what they have while other wont ever even get that chance.
you're free to skip it and just read the issue, but it might help to get some of the background.
the dialogue went something like this: me: ,,you sell your worn shoes to a stranger?
iranian scientist annoyed he has to go back to shitty old job building nuclear weapons
but, he listened to nothing i was saying about her being on medication and being fully capable when she's not having an episode.
experts caution new car loses 90% of value as soon as you drive it off cliff
background, i am 28m married to my wife (29f) for 3 years.
report: at least 14 different types of animals crawl on you while you sleep
my friends, colleges and even mother, don't mind exchanging ideas and validating each other.
myself and my other friend said no.
e3 organizers cancel convention after discovering immersive power of literature
report: girlfriend probably reading some book called 'the midwife's promise'
studio admits entire israeli-palestinian conflict just marketing campaign for 'you don't mess with the zohan' that got out of hand
aol/time warner turmoil over-reported, says time
this was in the beginning of december and after meeting with my friend and her laying it all out for me and making me realize all this i stopped messaging the girl i was seeing and kinda started ghosting her and not wanting to hangout or meetup.
in a lot of ways it's still very raw for me, as i'm sure all of you can see from the way i talk about him.
world shocked by possible link between olympics, big money
no one should think that sort of behavior is acceptable, normal, or justified.
there's a lot i wanted to convey i hope i did it sufficiently.
edit 2: my mom specifically sited watching the moment of death for our last dog as being traumatizing, because it was all violent convulsions ect.
i say that mac's unsportsmanlike behavior makes me think less of him because of all the context of his actions.
frank zappa fan thinks you just haven't heard the right album
a couple of nights ago on the drive home from work i took a detour to a secluded spot just to relieve myself solo.
tl;dr: fellow resident confronts me about my dog barking at his dog, is slightly rude in his manner.
light beer healthiest food option at stadium
bill says he thinks i'm a bad person, and an asshole.
this happened a few years ago, but my mom brought the incident up recently and now i’m overthinking it once again.
partner then made the same post from their perspective and was still called a total a.
the man was aware the dog was present over there.
study finds swans only other animals who mate for few years, get scared, end things, then regret it
aita for not wanting to share?
anguished, screaming trump bans father's ghost from press room for silently pointing at him
after class i talk to her.
my girlfriend is an immaculate beauty who is completely compatible with me.
i find this rude but he says it's what older men do, he's 38.
extremely vibrant town able to sustain two buffalo wild wings
obama calls for turret-mounted video cameras on all police tanks
i now get the fuck out of the way when someone tailgates.
back in high school i was dating this girl.
fed admits up until now u.s. has just been coasting off money from 'avatar'
dnc committee throws bound jay inslee onto melting iceberg before pushing him out to sea
to be clear, i have no problem with lgbtq+, and have no reason to have any hatred towards him, i just want to understand why i should be labeled homophobic because of a single comment aita for calling my gf gay in front of my gay roommate
i had 2 more pieces on the 3rd and then 2 today.
i waited to see if she was going to say anything like "hey, im with my boyfriend" or something, but no.
my clothes, my hair, my lack of friends, my schooling, telling me that i was faking my panic attacks and that all i wanted from my parents was attention...
why should i have to suck it up and lose money?
&nbsp;&nbsp; the other day tim told me that he has eyes on a certain girl.
nbc unveils on screen graphic informing audience they are watching football
i adopted a ron swanson attitude about my birthday in my teens and i have not told anyone about it since.
first-term congressman brings fresh roadblocks to table
it upset me so much i didn’t feel i could rationally respond without losing my cool.
we've had sex twice this week and i was hoping we'd have sex again last night or this morning (ovulation predicted for today) but my husband was too tired.
saudis insist missing journalist was already dismembered before he left consulate
a month before i left i told them i was unhappy and would be leaving within the next couple of weeks, but i didn’t give them a set date.
obesity-study lab rat's life pretty sweet
this continued and we started exchanging messages on a daily basis.
she thought she could trust me.
man has absolutely no clue how old anyone he knows is
so then she asks me "so is that a no then?
north korea ranked least-entertained nation on earth
the one you see in movies.
she told me the emergency plus the scheduled visits that day that i couldn't be seen that day.
sabrina starts freaking out on me that i shouldn’t have talked to him about anything and i broke her trust forever.
she threatens to send me to isolation for disruption if i don’t be quiet so i go quiet and carry on with my work.
i can see myself marrying this girl, and i want her to move in with me.
which i didn't really care about.
my program only had about 35 or so people, so almost everyone was on a first name basis with each other and we were a fairly tight knit group.
tl;dr same this but i tried to rip the controller out of his hands.
new parenting trend involves just handing children bulleted list of things to accomplish by 30
aita for leaving my friend alone drunk in berlin?
he is, according to her, very nice.
obama not sure how to handle compliment
jesus announces plans to return once the dow clears 27,000
tract writer cites god, jack chick as influences
it was 13 years ago, and life happens.
before-and-after airbrushing image alerts fashion industry to evil of its ways
mop used to clean minor spill now permanent addition to living room
she said she mostly never answers the door, which i knew immediately as bullshit as she always answers the door.
feeling bad about the whole thing this morning, just looking for a 3rd party perspective.
african children given 30,000 unused 'save darfur' t-shirts
apple hard at work making iphone obsolete
he says to me " bro, i don't think you know how to talk to people" now, i know after the fact i shouldn't have said it but hindsight is 20/20 because they weren't the crowd for the joke.
i love her to death but i'm not going to stretch myself that far to fix something when she doesn't even want to talk to me.
police homicide investigation uncovers cap in ass
guy who came in late not sure how much longer he should pretend to be frazzled
it's illegal to pass on the right, so while it would've been safer for him to do so, it was really \*my\* responsibility.
and the guy sitting in front of me turns around and goes “man, some people.
i married mike three years ago.
new study finds therapy, antidepressants equally effective at monetizing depression
i did not commit to potentially 17 years of the cat peeing on every cloth in the house.
this lets me get a larger denomination than one dollar bills so i’m not walking around with a bulging wallet that makes me look like i just robbed a strip club or a lemonade stand.
so i go up to them and say, “don’t worry it was gods plan.” they didn’t say anything and i left.
there was also an incident where he asked me to demonstrate for him how things happened, because he didn’t believe me when i said i didn’t enjoy these encounters, because i had dirty texts with these people beforehand to ensure it happened.
they asked me how it went.
don't i deserve to be happy aswell?
despite all that, i’ll grant that it’s low brow humor, immature and ultimately disrespectful to someone who is lgbtq.
it usually takes a few hours to calm me down and talk me out of suicide or self harm...but it should be worth it, yknow?
after a few weeks jane told me something along the lines of "if you really care about me, i can't understand why you didn't cut him out of your life after what he's done to me".
second hour in fabric store nearly kills eight-year-old
my parents would be really upset that i'm dating a boy from one of the rough and poor neighborhoods especially when they told me not to.
voter anger palpable at intentionally anger-stoking rally
the school still did absolutely nothing.
i couldn't convince rose to have a conversation with her mom.
the teachers just shrug it off.
a few months ago s started talking to l who i used to be friends with, until he totally dropped off the face of the earth and wouldn't even acknowledge his old hometown friends.
she does this thing where she pretends like one of us wasn’t involved.
lab mouse nervous for first day of new job getting cancer
masturbating mom can't get bobby flay southwestern eggs demo to stop buffering
this car pulls directly up to the line as well except now it's full of cars.
nation's math teachers introduce 27 new trig functions
most incompetent coworker once again shines at office halloween party
blood drains from mueller's face after realizing russia investigation might go all the way to white house
and i'm no snitch so i didn't say any names except that i helped a girl out of the ditch and made sure she got home fine.
this led to me at first responding slow, not wanting to meet up to last week and now not responding at all and leaving her on read.
so 13 kids had no teacher, but they had enough time to find one, right?...
mother knows perfect picture to publicize if daughter ever abducted
it was something pretty mundane and i went back to what i was doing.
new york introduces shoe-sharing program for city's pedestrians
i told him i wanted him to leave me alone, and he respected that for about a week.
when i see a problem though i want to solve it, especially when it's making her unhappy so i keep suggesting she get a new job and she was fine with the idea but then when i start looking up ones she's suited for or offer to help her apply it leads to an argument that she needs to do it by herself or that she needs more time to think about what she wants to do.
i feel like a close friend of both of us should understand our need for some time alone in the brief spells we get together.
creepy real estate listing really talking up size of crawlspaces
i’ve gone from living paycheck to paycheck, to having an account that continues to grow.
he isn't a bad guy but he clearly has issues when it comes to honesty, especially in romantic relationships.
a few weeks later, i had travelled home to stay with my mother for a while when i realised that i was still paying for my ex's gym membership (we had a joint membership) and he was not contributing to it.
upcoming 'red dead redemption 2' expansion allows players to experience story from horse's perspective
liberal activists encourage citizens to call their late-night hosts and urge them to oppose tax plan
ive been in the same room with them both and havent spoken a word to either of them - and dont think i ever will again, which is saddening.
am i the asshole for doing this?
to retaliate, i started mowing my lawn at midnight on my days off.
aita for calling someone out on this (in my opinion) toxic behaviour?
am i the asshole here or is she overreacting?
he was the most beautiful person i’ve ever met and made the few months i would see him walking around my college campus worth it and mean something.
if they don’t want to do that, we all each have each others personal numbers to communicate through text.
8-year-old forced to eat organic macaroni and cheese
i have a job that makes substantially more money (software).
i am not sure if she will cheat on him, however i would not be surprised.
opposition to soda ban sad proof that americans still fight for what they believe in
broken ornament relegated to lonely existence on side of tree facing wall
stan lee, creator of beloved marvel character stan lee, dead at 95
i don't understand why she couldn't make the effort to check whether it's the right fuel.
i recently was able to get her on my benefits, and so this is a possibility.
super fan attends screening of 'infinity war' dressed as marvel's vp of marketing
stars of canceled show terrified fans will raise money for movie
apple announces plans to sell power mac g4 for $120
i happily say yes and switch with her and there's no problem.
they also said that i should have done my target practice on strangers instead.
i don’t throw stuff around like a jerk but i definitely don’t stress over putting things back “nice” or in the right place sometimes.
back-to-back broadcasts of 'big' happening on tbs apparently unrelated to death of penny marshall
but actually being in this situation is suddenly intensely uncomfortable.
mccain courts youth vote with lengthy speech on forbearance, morality
i thought it was great, and asked her how she managed to get such awesome results on her own.
bloated, rotund bernie sanders reveals he has finished drinking all of flint's water supply
umm, i feel bad that she's lying to a kid about that...but it's really not my place.
edit 2: she also doesn't take hints, so if i tell her that i know what i need to do and i don't need any help she still stays and bothers me.
am i being selfish by expecting them to either pay for themselves or find us an alternative?
new 'game of thrones' trailer confirms season 8 will reveal identity of sword-covered chair
we booked the trip around march or so.
however, at this point, she couldn't wait \~1 hour for me to be ready to go pick out the tree and i feel like her inexplicable need to get the christmas tree right this second when we hadn't planned anything (and trees would still be there an hour later) means that her neuroses are more important than doing christmas things with her daughter.
joel siegel 'absolutely loved' dream he had last night
new mom self-conscious about scar where baby punched its way out of stomach
i also, in the hopes of postponing it, sent an extra photo as opposed to my usual 2, making how much i sent to a grand total of 4 that day.
sorry if this story is long and a little confusing.
historic senator robert byrd imploded in controlled demolition
she's been crying that i've been killing her and need to make a decision, but i think shes overreacting to the situation and doesn't seem that worried about losing me or she'd have put in more effort.
what the hell else do you need to do?
besides, there isnt really anything that he can do for her.
report: a lot of people's dream is to have sex with a ghost
local news anchor happy as hell, going to take it for long, long time
i tried to share my own, but she pretty much told me to stop whining.
warning on police body camera footage cautions viewer they about to see pretty much exactly what they'd expect
body positivity advocate caught in illicit tryst with conventionally attractive lover
aita for wanting my gf to explore her sexual desires?
aita for wanting to get rid of our cat?
chinese citizens observe 25-year moment of silence for tiananmen square massacre
bored barron trump counts confederate flags in inauguration crowd to pass time
teenage rebels seize control of food court's corner table
revamped wpa to create 50,000 new jobs by disassembling, reassembling hoover dam
and i don't mean that i get pissed at her directly but just that my anger will sometimes prevent us both from having what should be a good time.
g20 leaders attend saudi crown prince's informative seminar on eliminating dissident journalists
at the end of the night she was pretty wasted, and still pretty proud of herself.
no one in my family knows i have social anxiety.
rain-soaked robert mueller lets manafort surf one final monster wave before bringing him in
when she came back she sulked and refused to talk to the waiter, meaning that my mil had to order for her.
exxonmobil swears it's going to start taxes early this year
satan depressed all weekend after man opts out of casino trip
coast guard drags decoy boca raton into middle of ocean in attempt to lure away hurricane irma
(we’ll say his name is chris) reason: i was in a friend group with chris and another guy (for story purposes lets call him...john).
waiting-room copy of people brings area man up to speed on paris hilton
doj announces initiative to deploy smartphone-carrying bystanders to nation's streets
i follow multiple "meme" subreddits such as r/dankmeme r/memes r/deepfriedmemes etc.
my engine was straining because the car was a pos.
man insists on calling fanny pack 'lumbar satchel'
aita for handing out insanely sour candy to little children on halloween?
the package came and she had 1 piece of cheese and then flew to new york where i am from and where i was visiting my family.
we also have some sort of laws in our state about elderly people requiring super expensive driving exams if they cause an accident so this guy may even lose his independence over this.
anyways, i told them to help me get to somewhere safe and private, help me take my meds and let me sleep for around 15 minutes before trying to wake me up.
or should i have just given it a chance?
tl;dr: aita for making my roomate leave due to my above average noise level without him even telling me if there was an issue?
she shared some of her favorite songs and i found a few that i liked and a few that i didn't.
he has fully paid his vehicle off because of his lack of bills and income ratio.
i love them both dearly like any older brother and care a lot for them.
bloated obama delivers press conference from couch behind podium
we had free shuttles to essentially anywhere we needed to go and could monitor wait times for the various rides through their app.
i play a very unique mmorpg, and this mmorpg is very easy to make private servers of.
tldr; read the title aita for telling my gf i don’t want her to hang out with our old boss anymore?
because i live dogs, and that kicked could have severely damaged that dogs brain.
she took her bag and slammed that on the table too.
i'd be willing to take a few days off my job each time she'd have a procedure.
she texts the whole family again earlier this week, and i will just include the good parts: mom, “so the family we helped out last year is asking for help again...
each of these photos were of her naked in very suggestive poses.
it kind of sweet ceo thinks he doing good job
a few weeks later, he asked if i wanted to be exclusive, but i hesitated and told him why i might not be the best person to ask for a relationship - i definitely have my flaws, i'm a busy person, and i'd somewhat-recently gotten out of another relationship.
i put alot of research into what would be a really good brand and a really good set considering he does alot of online gaming and he had told me that his previous set had broken.
aita for having preferences because she makes me feel like one because of how upset she gets over it.
aita for getting upset with my boyfriend for refusing to go on holiday with me
fema officials panic after accidentally evacuating 1 million residents in direction of hurricane
two days before the party my friend contacts me and says that he/she wants to invite his/her roommate to the party, to which i decline.
lovestruck arabian princess begs father to spare john kerry's life
i just thought i would let her know because it is a slight turn off...
but i think thats wrong, i can make my own family, other people who care about me, and i them.
**tl:dr:** reported a kid for selling pot because i was bored and felt like being a dick.
i have moved out, i have an amazing career, i have my own apartment and my own car, as well as a girlfriend who satisfies my every need.
for years it's been a struggle for her until she figured it out and it's a topic that comes up a few times a week.
she is obviously really upset about this, and i feel like an asshole but i mean it, i'm not ready and i can't look after a child.
obama trying out social policies in 'second life'
person who will embalm you walking around out there
jeb bush's children vehemently deny having ever loved father
journey of self-discovery leads man to realization he doesn't care
mother feels violent desire to make front doorway reflect current season
i lied about going, everyone happy.
aita for possibly being insensitive to employee’s situation?
we've had multiple conversations about this style of shoe (white sneakers, high tops) and how we each have our own brand/style.
the way i see it if there is issues when you’re in the air you’re probably going to die if the plane crashes.
dolphin spends amazing vacation swimming with stockbroker
i often questioned my morality because if i were in their shoes i would really want someone to tell me the truth.
fans beg aerosmith to go back on drugs
biden loses control of butterfly knife during commencement speech
jimmy carter already back to elite sumo wrestling circuit after recovering from hip surgery
international aids conference attendees receive complimentary gift bag full of awesome aids gear
so to set up some background, my brother (we’ll call him “mark”) and i are super close; he’s one of my closest friends.
i told him that, yes, i would wait, but that he needed to give me a hard deadline by which he'd be out of the apartment if he was going to ask me to put my life on hold for him.
him pushing this guy was only a two second thing but tripping him may have been to extreme.
siblings gather around powerpoint to hash out off-limits topics for thanksgiving
i wasn’t the most helpful when i was there and he had to direct me as to what to do — i was still in shock at the events that were unfolding and the appearance of my wife.
average time spent being happy drops to 13 seconds per day
marilu henner named u.s. secretary of mid-level talent
i try to sleep until its time for us to leave, hoping that would help, but when i wake up, i feel just as bad.
gallup poll: rural whites prefer ahmadinejad to obama
auction won by crab with $20 stuck in claw
me and my family had met at my grandmother's house to watch a movie together, i had brought my soundbar and their tv didn't have an optical audio connection.
update: 'the onion' apologizes for killing innocent boston man tom mahoney
on top of this, such move is almost inescapable and render both players vulnerable to other players' cars catching up.
i was ten and my sister was twelve.
after i moved out she sent me a bill which included some unpaid hydro, bed sheets my pet ripped (these things i have no issue with and will definitely pay), a couple of cups that i accidentally broke and a torch i did not break.
you always hear about this undying love you’ll have for your kid but i just never had that.
she was running around being busy with delivering gifts and stuff.
anyway, long story short, i slept with someone else.
mass grave blasted for lack of diversity
i think she technically still owns the place, but some corporate entity is overseeing it.
the problem is that she still has feelings for him, and doesn't want him to get hurt, the only reason i haven't done the brotherly thing and smashed his skull in with some friends.
one of the items he purchased was a set of diamond earrings for a female coworker.
barbra streisand to take rare public dump
heirloom plasticware lovingly handed down to next hundred thousand generations
nation's optimists need to shut the fuck up right now
i cleaned it up a few times after getting a nice whiff of it inside my bedroom (my computer desk hugs the window) and i notified the leasing office so many times, almost every morning now, they send a maintenance person to come clean it up.
spawn of satan a failure in father's eyes
faa installs 36,000-foot-tall air traffic lights
kitchenaid announces it will lift ban on selling mixers to unwed women
since my parents are not in the country, they sent the invitation to me, telling me that i should go.
&#x200b; &#x200b; i'm going to school in a large city on the coast of the us, i switched colleges from a cheap to more expensive school, thinking it would be better for my major.
newly sober kavanaugh introduces sponsor who says he needs supreme court seat as part of recovery
i put the quotation marks on arguments because it’s not really arguments just her acting stupid.
she hates the fact that she puts time and effort into things only for me to leave the plans.
historical archives: a puzzle for the mind
because of that, i often lend her money (yes, i know the rule about "don't lend money if you really need it back, i'm okay with that), and even pay for some of her stuff when we go shopping.
income inequality emerges as key topic to avoid in 2014 elections
i crack open the door: me: can i help you?
dubious inclusions damage credibility of entire record collection
we discussed my getting the van and bringing it around, but we both decided to just run for it.
i've gotten ignored, dirty looks, eye rolls, mean comments, etc.
but it seems like julia thinks that a suit is the only acceptable thing to wear at a wedding.
if i imagine the roles being reversed it wouldn't bother me if someone didnt sell to me.
warren buffett tells colleagues about exciting investment opportunity he recently discovered selling mary kay beauty products
measuring spoon hasn't looked back ever since being detached from ring
gated community under siege by savages
months go by during which they are mostly broken up and she is moving out but as these things go, they end up together again.
we were joking around about sitting on her and getting it, like we did to each other as teenagers, and then we did.
since then, without fail, one of my neighbors and his rottweiler take a stroll every morning and his dog happens to take a dump right in front of my window.
'ravaged' named florida's official state adjective
i wish that we could keep it simple, but...
he thought that if she just found the right guy all her issues would magically disappear.
they throw poop and are very “wild” animals.
i texted the mutual friend (because i needed someone to talk to) telling him that i had read her diary.
i am in a, the freshman roommate i’m having issues with lives in b, and the senior roommate i live with lives in c.
they could tie him up far enough away that he wouldn't bark at my dogs, or get on my fence, but they choose not to.
i didn't know how many pieces were originally in the bag because it was already opened by her, and there isn't a set number in these bags.
single strip of 'i voted' stickers more than enough for midterm polling station
old, wizened fantasy character confirms that the darkness is rising
she is saying that i'm not allowed to go with her because "just you and her going to a concert is basically a date." for the sake of honesty and to get an unbiased opinion it is worth noting that when me and this friend were 16/17 we shared a drunk kiss - which my girlfriend knows about.
i told my crush almost two years ago that i have had feelings for her, and asked if she felt the same way.
college graduate to never read a book again
saudi arabia announces escalation of human rights abuses to curry more favor with u.s.
fda: everyone needs to induce vomiting right now
guatemalan earthquake registers 0.3 on area man's consciousness
romney pledges to replace all foreign policy with jobs right here in america
i work a full time job and sometimes 7 days a week.
gummi bear emerges from digestive tract unharmed
i didn't ask for any gifts.
it hurt my feelings to know that three years in i am still having to defend my character to him.
greyhound now offering direct service from kansas to l.a. porn director's driveway
eventually this took too much effort and not a lot of people would catch it that i just started posting blatant racism.
aita for thinking people shouldn't be allow to use the elevator to go up one floor
he writes how this has been going on for months but he never said anything about it, showed no expression at all, frankly he barely talked to me.
my wife is pissed because i've never told my dad no, which she thinks i should, because "what kind of man leaves his family behind?" she also thinks he should instead fly everybody out, never just me...
i suffer from a phobia called kosmemophobia, meaning that i find jewelry severely disgusting.
i dated this girl december last year until october this year, i really got to love her and i am not sure if i still love her, even after we broke i still supported about her supposed rape.
they couldn’t even remember my name.
impressive new hire figures out bare minimum of work job requires on first day
aita for my boyfriend of 2.25 yrs's mother still keeps a pic of his ex gf's son on display in her living room??
report: murderer who escaped in 1996 remains most successful case of prisoner reintegration
i haven't spoken to her since it happened on sunday.
she sleeps and lives in my brother's room while my brother sleeps with me at night because our mother doesn't allow the two of them to share a bed.
last wednesday she gave us 2 worksheets to do, and we had to translate 2 pages of a book we’re reading.
they need to tell you things like “excuse me, you are in the way,” and “can i work in?” i really do not want to tap you on the shoulder.
family figures grandpa never talks about wwii because nothing interesting happened to him
motor trend car of year stripped of title after appearing as hot rod centerfold
eco-conscious hotel lets guests decide whether they want room's towels washed before next guests arrive
is it a dick move to let these things get to me?
they were both very nice and offered emotional support which was much appreciated.
alcohol only thing making operating heavy machinery bearable
honda grom is not a scooter although it does have a small engine it is still a street legal motorcycle.
a while ago, i heard about a life pro-tip where if you order french fries at a restaurant without salt, they have to make a fresh batch for you.
shirtless mike huckabee spends entire debate seated in rickety rocking chair
seriously though, am i an asshole?
now they all complain about having to rent and having to eat ramen.
i've always been very explicit when i meet anyone by telling them i just wanted casual dating at the moment (e.g.
i told her that i was here working everyday and that they were temporary therefore it made sense that they simply come back for the chair when they needed it rather than me bring it back.
ad exec doesn't care what proverb actually means
i went to bed, with her and my friend (who we'll call kyle) slept on the couch.
today she messaged me - 3 days after i had unfriended her - asking why she can't see me on league.
thousands of dismembered crash test dummies line newly discovered catacombs beneath ford motor plant
parenting experts warn screen time greatly increases risk of child becoming an influencer
while we did it we found bottles of alcohol, used condoms and a pregnancy test as well as a knife.
fat guy mistakenly thought of as strong
aita in this disagreement about clashing audio from two games?
when my husband initiated the separation he said he did not want children with me.
delirious koala hasn't slept for 72 straight minutes
i travel a lot for work and with mike, we have moved about an hour from the daughter for mike's job.
she said she hadn't actually gone and was out for a drive with mutual friend.
&#x200b; in order to get my drivers licence back, i need to stop having seizures for a noteworthy amount of time.
aita for unintentionally triggering someone’s phobia?
and i revealed it was a big prank.
lee majors: does he still exist?
as a joke, i tell one of my other friends to send her some obviously fake photos of people vomiting.
i asked my aunt and grandmother to pray for my mod because she was sexually assaulted.
life-saving drug more accessible to lab rat than majority of americans
i didn't bullshit her, i sent her an apology message.
fox news intern fetching coffee tells herself this will all pay off when she trump's secretary of state one day
12-year-old's christmas list demonstrates heartbreaking awareness of family's financial predicament
elderly man spends quiet afternoon in national park feeding trout to eagles
area man self-conscious about all the wrong things
syrian man kept up all night by neighbors dying
man uses weekend to make totally different mistakes than he did during workweek
i'll keep this as short and sweet as i can.
she said i was the asshole for getting involved in this mother’s parenting.
so far i banned 8 people.
if i didn’t contribute anything to the main garbage can, it’s not my duty to take it out simply because i live here.
but she is my gf, so naturally, i want the best for her.
but am i the asshole for continuing to correct him, two weeks into him making the same mistake?
we had an argument about my mom having psychosis.
former trump advisor carter page found dumb in d.c. hotel room
my husband is driving 80 mph which always makes me nervous.
vacationing family visits world's biggest asshole
aita for what happened to me on new years two years ago?
tea party plans to recruit more coloreds this fall
i do work retail (sort of) but i'm adaptive.
time traveler from 2008 freaked out by guy wearing google glass while smoking e-cigarette
i found myself only thinking about him lately and i found myself wanting to hangout with only him.
for me, coming from parents who never nurtured or cared for me, it is really frustrating to see her not appreciate any of the many, many things they do for her.
because of how often her feelings on her body image fluctuates, she thinks i should just support her and let her eat whatever she wants whenever she feels like it.
ancient melanesian masks thundered past to get to star wars exhibit
tony randall secedes from union; declares himself independent nation of randalia
(i'm not saying she should do dishes because she's a woman.
new parents disgusted to learn they had type of baby that shits
aita for sticking up for an ex?
transit authority pledges to double number of out-of-service buses by 2006
a little background, i've grown up my entire life since i was a baby watching tv to fall asleep and because of that i absolutely cannot sleep without a tv on.
new documentary to finally shed light on nation's fast food chains
it was almost stopped, but to everybody's dismay it went through.
i have an event tonight that i need a black button down shirt for.
she said everyone in her family knows, but they still gather to hang out like if nothing happened.
there was pretty much nothing around; just 3 lanes going east, 3 lanes going west, a median in the middle, and then a ditch on the side.
egypt plunges into state of middle east
she started talking about spiderman, her favorite comic book series.
i told him to close it till i dry myself properly and he told me that its my annoying smell of cigarettes (recently picked up cigarettes) am i the asshole for not caring their discomfort?
aita i stole a deaf outdoor tabby cat so it wouldn't get killed.
she sent me a selfie to prove it was her, then a video to really get me to believe.
only name area man recognizes on ballot 'jill stein'
aita for getting mad at my boyfriend partying while i’m mourning
he is incontinent and in pain so i've been trying to bring my mom around to the idea of putting him to sleep.
report: employers know within first 5 minutes of job interview whether they will murder applicant
i told her that i can't get in the car with her because i feel like she hasn't earned it.
next minute she comes back in, looks at her food, says “i said i didn’t want to eat” and threw all the food i made in the trash - and then stormed off again.
no thank u during the holiday no little holiday gift to say thank you for letting me stay here.
'jurassic world 2' to feature more scientifically accurate jeff goldblum
crowd feeling kind of silly now after spending all that time pleading rooftop sniper not to jump
nobody used it because cell phones...
my brother just sent me a text asking for the refunded ticket/hotel money (about $250), saying that he will buy me another gift since the concert/trip was canceled.
this morning i called her and she's still pissed off at me.
for backstory, ive known these girls since high school, i talk to bitch1 frequently even though we dont live in the same state anymore.
pregnant wife and i are going to the mall, in the distance i see someone pulling out so i make my way down the lane.
so a few months later we got married and another couple of months later moved out to europe.
a year ago, i met this girl on tinder and we started talking for about two months or so, she became really attached to me, even though we've never met.
am i the asshole in this?
fbi warns republican memo could undermine faith in massive, unaccountable government secret agencies
man escapes eritrean civil war to clean martini puke from back of taxi
pat patriot denies being mascot #5 in prostitution sting police report
wilma is cool with us, so i don't think she's actively discouraging him from hanging out with us, but she's the main reason he's not.
on new year's i sent her a new year's greeting, asking her to please tell me if there was a chance she could forgive me.
aita for being mad at this?
part of that reasoning is that i knew she doesn't approve of guns, so it's not like i assumed she would be chill with it.
'he's not right for you,' report relationship experts who must not want to see you be happy
woman been thinking about getting bangs for past 8 years
dreary, passionless couple believes your soulmate out there too
he's only a 15 min drive from me but it's still out of the way usually.
health insurance ceo reveals key to company's success is not paying for customers' medical care
edit 3: looks like i’m the asshole.
wibta for explaining that my bf (32) son (6) shouldn't wear a cub scout hat when he's not and has never been a scout?
then suddenly this random guy walks up to us and says if we could give him some money for some gas.
my ex-husband (with whom i share 2 children) hid money from me in an account i didn't know about while i shared all of my money with him.
i have tried putting my self in her shoes but i just can't understand this.
so, i just said "at least i have a good enough memory to remember my best friend's girlfriend." i said this because my roommate told me that he had a boy and a girl best friend in high school who were dating, and during a party he kissed the girl, and ever since the three of them haven't been friends.
st. jude swears off ever answering another personals ad
i'm not talking -6°f, it was just below freezing around 30°f.
cow excited to freak the fuck out during solar eclipse
his next parole hearing was in less than a year but he suffered from lung cancer (smoker) and he also had a hip injury last october which at 70 can lead to complications.
man in break room can still hear time clock ticking loudly
(agreed i could be exaggerating but i hate from the bottom of my heart) and i am the kind of person who can't just be nice to people on their face when i don't like them.
i admit it was probably me projecting onto her, because i don't care if someone wishes me a happy birthday or not, and i think i was wrong in making that assumption, because everyone feels differently.
entire shopping mall quietly dreading whatever empty stage set up for
advice to enjoy being young came out way sadder than intended
i invited a friend to stay with me in the lead up to christmas because he didn't have any friends or family to be with.
i ask him to wash his dishes, and he says he’ll get to it next week, after finals.
corporate merger renders thousands of coffee mugs obsolete
if she lived with me her door would have been gone long ago and she would have had to live with that.
clinton promises to enact agenda whether or not she elected
i understand that she wants me to find a good husband, but i'm not dating this guy specifically to rebel against her, and so far he's been the best boyfriend i have.
i really feel like we should have this talk.
aita for smoking weed in my apartment?
aita for getting unethical revenge on a sexual harraser?
like it was bland and fucking gross.
trump teeters on white house ledge weighing pros and cons of killing self right now to distract from mccain's funeral
i practically had to pull my girlfriend out of the bar, and i could barely hear her mumbling something about going to the bathroom first, but i was too preoccupied trying to get my friends to the car.
area family awakes to find michelle obama tending backyard garden
beached whale trying to hold on until sea levels rise
on this particular forum most of my interactions with other people is in playing mafia.
so i end up moving in w them and they're absolutely lovely but it sucks.
for example, she is utterly convinced that lady gaga is cyberstalking her to steal her "art" (she cuts the heads off barbie dolls + poses them for photos) and posts about it weekly.
baby-faced, muscular jimmy carter tells democratic convention the future of medicine is bright
i was pretty cool with things, and i'm so far removed from the person i was four years ago that it can sometimes be hard to remember details from my old life.
what mom would have wanted evolving over course of funeral planning
he says no and i do trust that answer.
curiosity rover finds 5 bucks on mars
after about 2-3 hours of fun, she suddenly decided to get a cig.
on-the-job sexual harassment: three women tell their sizzling hot tales
protagonist rapidly getting dressed must be late, reports cunning viewer recognizing film's subtext
report: 89% of americans just want to go home right now
rex tillerson shoots mike pompeo quick email explaining all the countries
lazy fda approves x-ray vision pills
time-warner ceo announces plans to merge with secretary
that chinese girl in office: 'i am not chinese'
baby is sleeping so well through the night!
area man has shitty fuckin' job
&#x200b; there were a few other things that may have made matters worse such as the fact that his girlfriend asked me to prom a week before starting dating him and being young, i said something non-committal like "yeah sure" but she just ended up going to prom with him obviously.
aita for pushing a kid on crutches over?
hundreds of cuban refugees clinging to air force one on flight back to u.s.
since then, every monday night at midnight i’ve made it a point to go mow my yard.
my sense is that she thinks my desire for her to change jobs is tantamount to my wanting her to be barefoot and in the kitchen, which is a little ridiculous - if she were to change jobs, she'd still be in a role that is very well respected (certainly more well respected than mine) and would still be paid quite well (albeit not as well as she currently is).
but i just found out it was posted publicly on an office outlook calendar!!!
i still love my dad but sometimes i feel like he gets pissed whenever he's put in a spot that makes him nervous or uncertain.
after a couple of minutes of this she says that she can't be bothered and i kick off.
i was kinda blown back made me think for a minute.
i've been shopping for a while and i finally showed him what i bought for them.
usually the friends that i find the most mistakes with just have a really weird writing style that i can't fix - i don't know how to help without completely rewriting what they were trying to say.
i cant go back to sleep because i'm so pissed off even when i move.
black guy doesn't talk about all the times he didn't get discriminated against
about a month before our championships, one of the freshman stopped showing up to practice.
he asked again not to do that, and seemed disappointed.
i just figured it wasn't fair to her to go into the date knowing i wasn't ok with the distance.
* my money has gone towards giving them relatively expensive gifts (usually like $80) over they years - usually more expensive than those they've given me.
so, my landlord has been angrily texting me because i haven't paid my rent for this month.
report: some crazy shit probably happened to classmate being raised by grandmother
authorities not even going to bother looking for motive behind oregon shooting
aita for taking issue with this?
dubai completes construction on world's first full-scale replica of dubai
i guess part of it might also stem from my childhood.
michael j. fox visibly excited by return to tv
world leaders pour into washington to pay last respects to dying nation
man just wants to come home, hear lindsay lohan made fun of, get some sleep
one time i went a whole day without responding and she asked if she had done something wrong but that’s it.
can you send them to the nearby store?
theater major has too long borne shakespeare teacher's blunt upbraidings, bitter scoffs
there have been 3 instances where my roomate has told me to be quiet and they have all been in the late afternoon/early evening and i immediatly quiet down.
he is freaking out because he things it is the stripper and only once she has finished the task does he take off the blindfold to show that it was her the whole time.
throwaway account around 20 mins ago me and my sister started arguing about who got to charge our phone first, as we are traveling and only have one converter to american plugs.
bp ceo: 'we deeply regret the tragic loss of $4.5 billion'
bruce springsteen accidentally plays 'big government's stealin' our livelihood' at obama rally
area man afraid some woman might come out of the woodwork to hold him accountable for something
on all public transport, there is a sign that says “no eating, drinking, smoking, listening to music without headphones”.
bill gates' wife worried he's lying in a ditch full of money somewhere
i got a job working night shift about 5 months ago and our friendship fell apart.
i also told her to call me if she felt overwhelmed and i would come down and help her.
flight attendant quietly informs first class passengers where real emergency exits are
she also freaked out when she realized we had unprotected sex, even though i told her she was the one that said to take it off!!
we’re usually fairly blunt with each other so one day i just asked if she could shave them.
aita for refusing to do extra work that is not in my job description solely for my manager's benefit?
scientists working on immortality better hurry up because ian mckellen is 73
as it turned out, my father went to his parents house to use their phone to call me, right as i was about to call him.
buying everything hairstylist recommends would cost $8,000
so there was this one kid that would constantly harass me so i named a bunch of kahoot bots after him and the teacher already didn’t like him so she didn’t believe him when he said he did t do it and he got detention for 3 days am i an asshole for putting 3 days of detention on his record for some petty school rivalry nonsense?
i was so done that i just agreed.
i, fortunately, am known within my friend group to be pretty well written.
quiet riot speaks out against nation's poor metal health care
obama practices defiant speech to aliens late at night behind oval office desk
dad recounts amazing story of how, through quick thinking, he saved $4.27
aita for not wanting to waste food?
&nbsp; my reasoning is, the only reason why somebody would leave a textbook near a trash can is: 1) because they wanted to throw it away, which in that case, i have no qualm in taking the book.
so what do i do now?
alaskan gray wolf can't believe no one told him he's got snow on nose
although i'm not new to the store itself, i've only recently become the driver for 3 days a week whilst the other 2 are covered by him, as i work weekends as well.
rapidly expanding at&t merges with entirety of existence
vice president of making your job harder given raise
three dozen confirmed *@@## in power plant *@@##
gym teacher still remembers names of every former pantywaist
partly because i got lazy, partly because i'm not sure if it is even a good idea.
wibta for putting my two year old son up for adoption?
car ride devoted to explaining what things will be different about grandma this visit
i ask bf to give me the dude’s number- i’d like to have a word with him.
poll finds 30% of americans still undecided whether to vote out of fear or spite
i couldn’t just give it back however.
historical archives: two feared dead in near-by child-birth
photograph of little girl being absorbed into michelle obama portrait goes viral
92% of area woman's holiday recipes involve pulverizing bag of oreos
cnn renews 'this week at war' for next eight seasons
it's starting to get dark, and we have to take the car back to go pick my dad up from the train station as he gets home from work.
americans finally recognize own country again after president does half-assed job walking back humanitarian crimes
well now i’m upset because i’m going to feel guilty no matter what decision i make at this point.” so- “i’m just upset because you said yes but you clearly were pissed off about it.” yes.
son is on the spectrum and is very particular of what he'll eat (hates pizza, cheese, pasta).
so, here i am making my own life and i have these constant itches in my thought process that says "they're toxic for you, let them go." there is some anger in there, yes.
i tapped on the desk and asked her if it would be okay if i used that computer and explained my situation with the software, to which she replied in an aggravated tone that 'she just set up her work and that (my peers) were annoying her and because of this she downloaded a white noise app on her phone to block them out'.
she says that is when she realized she was not with who she thought she was with.
this is a throwaway account because i don‘t want it on my main.
new 'joker' trailer introduces iconic villain to same generation of fans
they live varying distances, this is why they paid me different amounts.
shape magazine declares july 'let yourself go' month
grocery-store freezer's white castle section a wreck
he told me i was a terrible son, and that i should be ashamed of myself.
mariachi band has no idea your mother just died
i turned and told him to piss off, when two doctors heard the altercation and stepped in.
airport only place in metro area to buy city's signature food
now her dad isn't too rich or anything, but he can definitely help her with everything she has asked so far.
i'm at a bit of a loss here.
wealth-burdened nation grateful for opportunity to spend money at new onion store
tortured ugandan political prisoner wishes uganda had oil
i felt so bad i even had thoughts of self-harm.
radiator saving single loudest clank for 3:32 a.m.
the first was about gender nonconformity.
man wearing m&m jacket apparently made in god's image
colorful multicultural mural celebrates diverse lack of talent
however he does have some baggage and can be a little reactive (barking, lunging) on the leash when other dogs or unfamiliar men run at him.
she told me that he makes her feel very, very sad.
his cousin, who has down syndrome, is really nice but is obsessed with my dog.
democrats call for convincing amount of condemnation for al franken
over race, weight, social skills, etc.
i almost got into a fight with the dad "you know, if i wasn't in front of my kids right now.
ted cruz asks central park hansom cab driver how much it costs to whip horse for an hour
she goes quiet, not really angry but sort of apprehensive, and starts asking me questions about it.
christian rock band cleans up hotel room
i'll be back later." she expects me to put my life on hold for all of her small problems but when one comes up with me, she suddenly goes quiet.
but it has been a little over a year now and she is doing the same thing.
(maybe that in itself makes me the asshole but it is what it is).
and i apologized for the joke before she blocked me.
abortion doctor's murder sparks waves of calm, rational discussion
i even warned all of them about the bad symptoms when i take too much.
ron paul promises to return when country needs him most
so yesterday after school she said "alex can you grab my notebook it on top of my old laptop" (we were in her room) so i do just that but my hand must of tugged the laptop and it dropped she screamed at me then check the laptop and there was a small blue area on the top left on the screen.
a lot of people call her a ‘hermit’ which i have mixed feelings about.
chinese government asks entire nation to pose while millions of surveillance cameras take photographs
ben carson wows iowa state fair attendees with massive 300-pound brain
checked-out drill sergeant just calling every cadet a chowderhead
sexually awakened peta president announces that being kept in a tiny cage all day actually sounds hot as hell
this happened last weekend but she's still not talking to me so i decided to bring it here for judgment instead.
trump struck by beautiful vision of what america could be while looking out over seething, screaming arizona crowd
and in fifteen years, none of the real landlords or proxies thereof have come barging in on short notice the way my mom does.
my dad was someone that she met, and she couldn't spare any tears for him.
doing that in a pm does not work either, its just really pathetic.
i’ve been roughly 6 years into a relationship now.
one of those rules is there to be no eating in the rooms.
i was definitely an asshole to other women but nothing too serious.
so i honked my horn for him to move on but he obviously didn't get the message and kept gesturing shouting at me to get in.
russian olympic coach gently breaks news to hulking 200-pound gymnast that she won't be competing in south korea
but what i want to know is am i the asshole for driving?
hillary clinton inspires young girls to form presidential exploratory committees
celebrities: are they aware enough of aids?
doctor alarmed by how little time family needed to decide to pull plug on grandfather
arby's regional manager's work done here
now, i did bring up the relationship to jerry and asked how it was going.
amc bob hope retrospective ready to go
in fact, this is the happiest i can remember being since i was 14 (or maybe ever).
we remained friends and hooked up a few times.
a year ago a family (parents and 8-12 yo.
husband pretty sure he hooked up gas stove correctly
after she said that she ignored me and my messages and still is.
it needed to gain traction fast or else it would die in obscurity.
so basically, my girlfriend, g, and i were making lunch.
when friend 1 logged on he realized that i was playing with friend 3, who he doesn't like to play with abd nformed me he wasn't going to play.
dog blocks off afternoon to lick spot on floor where owner once dropped pepperoni
nation's entertainment reporters return to celeb beach body beat following coverage of weinstein scandal
i had jerked off to them after we had broken up but i hadn't even thought about the pictures in a long time.
aita for asking my girlfriend to have an abortion?
experts warn situation in gaza will get worse before it gets much worse
aita for not going to my aunt's wedding and lying about it
this should have been a man child red flag.
so i was at the pool over the summer with lots of my family cause we just wanted to chill.
we weren't using any back-up protection, but i researched the pill as over 99% effective and, as a young woman in university and in no place to have a baby, expected she would be taking it properly.
aita for breaking up with my girlfriend of 10 months
she even loaned him her car.
me and my wife have been married for two years.
this went on for months it got really bad, because it was an all day, every day thing.
one of our friends bailed and we didn’t want to go to the party alone so we watched tv and smoked a couple of js.
'i am under 18' button clicked for first time in history of internet
sen. dick lugar placed on congressional disabled list with strained hamstring
aita for getting upset at my friend for bailing on my party?
after making his announcement, he left the group chat and won’t respond to anyone.
it did make me feel uncomfortable and honesty lose a little respect for you.
boyfriend's snack 200% of woman's daily caloric intake
would i be an asshole for pushing the issue?
when we got off the plane, i saw a little nine-ish looking girl get out of the seat.
the surrogate stays on for 2 years after the child's birth to breast feed i currently have only 2 sons born 1 of them is on the way.
this might just be me but it makes me pretty upset.
area woman always has backup problem just in case
i understand that mental condition is not an excuse, however now that i’m medicated and stable i can say that back then it was truly hard for me to control myself at times.
i couldn't because i was leaving for class right as she asked, but my last roommate (roommate c) did it since she had the time to.
she refused, so i banned her from our grade's group chat (i was the admin), and sent screenshots of our private messages, including a lot of stuff about her self harm, self loathing, and her asking me to make her feel bad, so she could commit suicide.
obviously he knows it was me, but i'm in significantly better shape than him and he couldnt really prove i did it.
“ i informed her that i was sorry about the whole incident but i had in fact asked for the chair nicely, informed them where i was working and told them they could get it back any time.
my sister asked for a piece, but i told her no.
make her cheat and then dump her, like she dumped me?
he kept approaching her at his own peril.
it seemed i was the only one locked out of the loop, despite her being my closest friend in the world.
and so my sister decided she’d sled down the hill first, and so she got into the sled, but she didn’t go.
dalai lama swears he recognizes guy at party from past life
i am hesitating to message her if everything went okay, or if something went wrong.
nation's parents announce they have zero fucking patience for this bullshit
nation horrified to discover cory booker already a senator
panicked donald trump jr. tries to cover up contact with wikileaks by deleting firefox icon from desktop
sex life embellished during doctor visit
you are universally the asshole in that case.
they would not let me board the tokyo plane without it.
he's also "joked" about how i should just kill him or how i'd probably just be happier if he died.
i then said something like "well i guess i could but that would be dangerous.
my algebra iii (iv?) teacher kinda disappeared two days into the school year, saying she's on sick leave.
german auto engineer issued lab coat
i have no idea why he’s so fixated on this but he’s managed to wear my wife down to the point where she thinks we should just let him wear a dress.
after being rejected every time, i stopped.
bolton argues war with iran only way to avenge americans killed in upcoming war with iran
next time ill make sure to make the millionth post asking if im an asshole while clearly showing im not, to not spark a tirade.
i feel calmer and better and i've learned a lot from my past.
then she asked me what i thought on how could she look better.
i didn't say much and tried to clean a bit more for her sake, but today it was like the 10th time she had that fucking sour face on because i didn't sweep the house.
i ended up bruising her multiple times and then hitting her in her face giving her a black and blue eye.
we are supposed to go to a party tonight, but she is on pain killers so drinking is a no go.
i assume he’s gone to the concert without me because his ticket is gone, and i feel terrible.
pastor going on little spiel about seeing how in love couple are despite not knowing them for very long
she cheated on me with my best friend at the time.
our housing is not too shabby.
willie nelson spaces on holding farm aid
finally after we let another game slip, i said to my family (loud enough for some others around to hear) that he really isn’t a good coach.
heston: 'we must arm ourselves if we are to defeat the apes'
gay alabama couple always dreamed of getting married surrounded by hostility
edit bc apparently reddit doesnt do the whole \[link title\](link url) thing anymore.
new poll finds death of spouse most liberating experience in life
fec extends election by 7 months to give nation chance to better get to know candidates
carl bernstein weeps uncontrollably after learning bob woodward wrote a president book without him
or the exact words were "we want to level the playing field as were a heavily male dominated industry" i called this sexist.
detective trying to get into mind of litterer
after he used all of my cash to buy a bunch of strangers a round of drinks, wandered off multiple times, lost his credit card to an atm when trying to get money out and generally being a bit of trouble i decided it was time to go home and retire the night at 5am.
anyway i don't hate that mutual friend or anything, she doesn't know about the whole thing and she's a super great friend.
best visual effects oscar introduced by highly acclaimed lens flare
desperate 'time' magazine announces 'man of june'
that person needs to understand he is in pain, and he often downplays that pain as to not bother or concern people with it.
asshole even shoots pool like an asshole
this was pretty exciting for me since she is so unfairly hot.
rob schneider lands role originally written for chimp
increasingly desperate advertisers settle for more attainable 35-to-44-year-old demographic
i started drinking some, and was being super nice and talkative to her again, definitely cause of the alcohol but i also felt like talking about it helped.
tl;dr: i called the cops on a potential pedo and it turned out that he was just a father with his young daughter.
she she must have noticed because she asked if i’d like to talk to her manager.
at the time, all parties involved were still underage.
automated teller has more personality than human teller
the only other person to know could be the other friend who came into lunch with him.
aita for not picking my gf up from the airport?
poll finds 23% of americans would vote for jeb bush if candidate standing right next to them in voting booth
my girlfriend is about 3/4 african american but still somewhat light skinned.
&#x200b; tl;dr: i didn't tell one of my best friends happy birthday and couldn't go to her birthday dinner because i had chemical burns on my head and was in lots of pain.
u.s. advises allies not to border russia
it is associated with values and standards that they volunteer to uphold, bf son has not made these efforts or commitments.
woman nervous mom starting to use her as confidant
aita for requesting this from my friend who lives with me for reduced rent
proud father teaches son how to shave eyebrows for first time
whilst he was at my house we kissed, the next day i saw he uploaded a photo of him and his girlfriend kissing and i commented on the photo saying ‘bit cringe considering you were kissing me yesterday’.
study finds majority of non-shark-related fears completely unjustified
i don’t personally know him, and i don’t want to make any assumptions about him just because of my bad experiences with his family members.
perverted little boy asks to sleep with parents
usps unveils new line of commemorative prince-inspired postal workers
iraqi homeowner to wait a while before re-shingling roof
it's not even like i'm trying to hit on her, or be creepy about, i'm just saying hi.
more realistic meat substitute made from soy raised in brutally cruel conditions
i said i had to put pants on first.
she apparently got all freaked out when they asked for him by name, when they rang the bell, it set off the dogs and woke up their 11 month old.
quaaludes are back, reports quaalude-taking journalist
alternative training school for dogs de-emphasizes obedience
i just explained that i didn't like cheese, the taste of it i guess.
this was especially upsetting during the festive season as my family didn’t see her at all during this time.
with all sincerity, help me determine, see, and possibly change if i am the asshole aita for my lack of empathy
married couple longs for days when they only quietly resented one another
in any event, i considered her my closest friend, so it was surprising to me that she wouldn't assist.
that works pretty well except for the days my sister spends with her gf.
"well, your dog comes over to our yard!".
special pull-out section: rural illinois' sexist moms
my dog had just taken a nice, big, well-formed shit with a nice solid consistency, and i had scooped it (because i'm not the kind of asshole who doesn't clean up after their dog, though i may be some other kind of asshole), so was carrying it in a baggie.
hey, so i (german) met this japanese girl a while back through a language exchange app and we immediately hit it off (in a friendship sense).
i have a lot of empathy for how she's feeling so i feel horrible.
we had a major fight when i asked my so to understand my hatred and at least be conscious that it would make me feel bad if they hangout beyond work situations.
man pushing self to point of effort
picking thing up from apartment floor rescheduled for thursday
procter & gamble introduces home menstruation test
so i understand that not every person on the street asking for help is a fraud.
yeah i know it's not clean to always wash your hands after pissing but i know my dick is clean and if anything i should wash my dick after pissing because my hands are totally dirtier and i have to touch that, right?
my girlfriend and i have been together in a monogamous relationship for 3 years.
i yelled at him asking why he would ever do such a thing, and when my 8 year old said i was being unfair i ended up yelling at him too.
'you are the jewel of my collection,' says saudi prince while guiding frightened jared kushner toward harem
after a long discussion we discovered that he's probably asexual, and that he just feels no urge for sex at all, to the point that it feels like a chore for him.
report: more elderly improving cognitive function by solving murders
i didn’t mean for this to happen.
aita for telling my group members i’ll go solo if they don’t put in more effort on an assignment
she basically said that she didn’t want him to know that she knew that he liked her.
we have all been playing games together for about 2-3 years on xboxone.
senior prank somehow leaves high school with increased math funding
she also asked me to come to her house.
he leaves/makes messes, but unless threatened never cleans up.
nothing i do is ever good enough is it?
secretary of transportation spends 3 hours cleaning up wikipedia page on roundabouts
at the time, i thought we were living paycheck to paycheck and was always worried about making ends meet.
scientists finally prove what area dad has been saying for years
man basks in triumphant glory after purchases line up to exact value of gift card
bush asks advice for this friend of his who invaded iraq
my daughter is 13 and recently asked me and my husband if she could attend a sleepover this weekend at another girls house.
comey suddenly realizes entire book just a subconscious defense mechanism to hide his true feelings
polite disney world guest decides not to bother mickey mouse for picture
if it means your legs need to be in pain going downstairs or walking fast then so be it.
she said it was my responsibility to know she was too fucked up.
wibta if i gave my son's unwrapped christmas gift from his dad today?
&#x200b; i also can't play late at night when hes awake as i have 2 other roommates who have a normal sleep schedule, and i don't want to wake them up.
nation letting itself have few moments of celebration before returning to horrifying reality of violent extremism
woman relieved soulmate turned out to be in same socioeconomic bracket
all these players are new-ish players of varying skill.
i would wait until mike went to work one day and break into his shed and get my mower back.
then she started wearing my fav shoes (now they're worn out and i can't wear them anymo rip).
when her family came over, my gf was working, so she’s asked me to take them to the city and show them around.
and they banned me from going over there to see my boyfriend because “pregnant people make them uncomfortable” and they called me toxic.
i'm getting a little frustrated at this point and i ask her where they are, and a couple of minutes later she asks why i'm not calling her.
for one, calling someone an idiot isn’t “satisfying”.
it makes me nervous because even though i don’t have anything illegal in my room, i don’t know if my roommate does and i don’t want the risk of getting in legal trouble.
he was starting to reach his peak level of drunk just before we left the bar of our hotel and took the trains to the venue.
she apparently feels that this is disrespectful and that she can't "say the right thing" as a result.
that totally defeats the purpose of what i wanted to do.
my friend actually sent them to her, and x called back sobbing and threatening to call the cops.
aita for not wanting governments to support curing of diseases such as sma ?
i asked him why and he told me he just wasn't feeling it.
yes no **customer** yes **agent** thanks for chatting with walmart.com!
i told c that if he hangs out with l over winter break than i'm not friends with him.
remember, i was drunk and underage myself.
miracle paycheck lasts for 7 whole days
some of them definitely raised some good points, what i did was definitely dumb because it could have been potentially criminal (although i'm not sure about what the laws are in my state about removing someone from your vehicle).
the tv is in my room and we fell asleep together.
well, i’ve been seeing a guy for around six months now and while i know he lives with his mother, i find it a bit callous to have to share my new years with her.
this absolutely the last time bouncer cleans up vomit
the way i see it is everyone should clean up after themselves.
when the act came on my girlfriend and i we're harrased and told to sit down, got so bad we ended up telling the usher and she gave is better seats with no one behind us, but i couldn't help notice that no one was standing, dancing or enjoying themselves.
no more men to flirt with now that she had a real job (i'll get to the trouble she caused there later).
- then i wish they would tell me that.
&#x200b; aita for getting annoyed by this and thinking its rude?
tom snyder returns to the sea
&#x200b; once i realized this, i immediately thought that i am the asshole.
i found out later that he had done something similar to someone else, except when she broke up with him, he ended up stalking her and pinning her down and forcing her to have sex with him.
gap closures to leave americans with fewer places to buy pants for friend's wedding at last second
maya angelou thought she'd be invited to more white house stuff
'men are not oppressed,' says woman who has no idea what it like to take two whole escalators to get to your clothing section at zara
when i came back, the whole family was watching tv really loud and i felt that that was too much for me, so i turned off the tv.
she then explains to me how she feels they are to dangerous to keep in the house, i try to argue my side at first but ended up compromising by saying fine we don’t need guns in the house.
amazon reaches 1 trillion labor violations
i try to explain that i'm 21 years old and how her and this man had seen my id before, how neither of us had done anything wrong, and how she had no right to yell at either of us.
new michael landon biography resolves many unasked questions
i'm going to try to let him in on this kind of stuff more in the future, and he's going to work on trusting me to be my regular non-sketchy self.
but i’m just torn if i should just stay out of it, or help a potentially oblivious guy out.
i do not want to confuse him even further, and i don’t want to disturb his getting over me.
i asked for some sort of credit for the meme he agreed and posted it on their instagram story which has now caused me to get a lot of hate in to my instagram dms.
constrictive dress severs rachel mcadams at waist
secret santa seems to think you a big 'laverne & shirley' fan
finally i said if she wants me to go to the hotel with her then she’s footing the whole bill.
i can't afford my own car yet, and he's never going to help me.
so, to the story: i have just dropped my girlfriend with her parents so that we can both have the day with our respective families.
van morrison removed from rock and roll hall of fame following allegations he bet on album sales
good things can be done out of anger, and i didn't expect this outcome.
we frequently have get togethers for birthdays and holidays, and sometimes everyone goes to mom's house for a meal because she wants to see us.
'vogue' assistant photo editor tasked with airbrushing out all of amy adams' swastika tattoos
he did this knowing it bothers me because my abusive girlfriend would do it to control me.
newly deployed soldier has dreamed of fighting in afghan war since he was little kid
i said she should do what she wants but just know that men do not like those things, and won't want to be there.
i'm a straight, relatively liberal guy, and have always imagined that i would be completely comfortable in a relationship with a bisexual woman so long as we’re both committed to each other (because that’s what really matters, right?).
elderly man can't wait for senility to erase lifetime of regretful memories
i have zero interest in being with a lesbian.
but when my wife got pregnant that all stopped.
well yesteriday they showed up to his house at like 7pm, he wasn't there unfortunately, but his wife was.
study finds growing number of americans would be comfortable with female pep boy
i ended up telling him the truth.
phone lifted up by headphone cord like prize fish
but then again i could have asked him if he was going to be renting the house to other people.
supreme court gets free box of shoes after mentioning nike in ruling
he talked to me randomly as i was walking on campus and we ended up getting coffee and fucking that night.
i don't enjoy handjobs at all, i don't like rubbing against her vagina as its not the same and sort of emasculating.
i’m turning 18 and want to stop being treated like i am 10.
gop voters: 'can we see what it looks like with huntsman and perry again?'
she started holding onto my arm, rubbing my bicep, touching my chest, she even unbuttoned the top button of her top.
my fiance and i got into a fight last night about a christmas gift he got from my grandparents.
like for example, i was hanging out with a childhood friend of mine who is a guy and he said "have fun on your date.
high school fuckup now in charge of checking airport luggage for explosives
i began to drive through the intersection (same direction as the pedestrians crossing with the crossing guard) and a woman walking dogs proceeds in front of my vehicle and then starts yelling at me for going and almost hitting her.
i have told her i don't plan to be in the delivery room with her for the birth.
precious little voter needs to feel inspired by candidate
mayor hits on crazy idea of developing city's waterfront, green spaces
toddler unsettled by whatever possessed her to bite friend's face
i do not like to be seen by people in my bra.
he insulted my grandpa shortly after his died.
proud species commits suicide rather than be driven to extinction by humans
fiona apple song reminds girl to be depressed
parents' visit injects $66 into local apartment economy
for anonymity he will be n n is a new student at my school and as a part of the student government, i was ordered to sit next to him during lunch in the beginning of the year.
pope cleans up dead angel who flew into sistine chapel window
california to allow prisoners to serve sentences online
we think it's strange, but harmless, and really are tired of this and want him to sober up.
i got mad and told him the whole point of this was to spend time together and if he left for 4 hours to get his drugs it would defeat the whole purpose of the trip.
i told s i wouldn't be happy/it would weird if she dated l and asked she not do so.
he already payed it so it’s not like we’re going to be late.
but getting her to help me has been very frustrating.
i'm like hey man, trust me, im okay.
she won’t show me her ass anymore and is hesitant to take her clothes off in front of me.
kavanaugh offers elena kagan pull of vodka from aquafina bottle
currently, our daughter has progressed reasonably well in nicu, with only a few minor hiccups/obstacles here and there, but is otherwise healthy and on track for a late january discharge, which we are very thankful for.
and what do i like about her.
but he said it was ok and not to worry.
sheepish secret service agent can't explain how vacuum cleaner salesman got into oval office
according to her i did not have her consent because she did not consent while she was sober.
tomm lasorda to enjoy sensible dinner
i am 27, and for the past two or three years my dad has text me the same thing every morning “love you honey” and it honestly drives me crazy.
i never found the cat and the girl friend packed some bags and left.
this past weekend some friends and i went shopping and stopped by this petstore in this dilapidated strip mall.
study finds chickens would have no qualms about caging, eating humans
panicking mitch mcconnell shoves entire senate healthcare bill into mouth as democrat walks past
as eu citizens we need to apply for an evisa four days in advance, which i did not do because it costs us$80 per person and we didn't think we would need it.
both of our back yards have a maintained section that's fenced in, and then a stream, and then a giant part (an acre or more) that's left unkempt and wooded.
the reason by the way that i don’t just say “you idiot” or “you dumbass” is a mixture of reasons.
new iranian president really impressed with country's nuclear arms program
so i was a little taken aback.
we’ll refer to them by they’re room letters for now on.
my husband does deal with low testosterone issues but has been taking medicine/shots for this issue for years.
every year she asks for skin care products.
then she asked me if i still wanted to be in a relationship and this is what i answered “you’re really important to me and i don’t want to hurt your feelings but if we were to stay together i would only be doing it for you” i know i should have just been straight up with her but i’m a sucker for tears and she really is important to me she did help me through a very rough time.
it was night time, the porch light wasn’t on, and my phone had died so i couldn’t use my flashlight.
fast food drive-thru just cow carcass, bucket for money
i recognized that she was also mourning, but the asshole in me was upset that she was mourning over someone that she had never met, whereas i would always carry the wound of my father not being there.
wife dropping hints she ready to have second husband
article about return of burger king chicken fries only news area man has clicked on today
he screams at me that it’s his property.
tell me: am i a petty asshole for acting out like that?
so i set out to practise my skills on an "easier" target, where i can start with the basics.
she responded saying she accepted the apology, but stated we can't just be friends if i was going to keep trying to change her mind on the matter.
but, i just couldn't help it.
i had half a heart to send an email with a picture of gloves and bin liners.
biden searching white house one last time for missing pet snake
like i said originally, i do not currently have classes with him currently, but i absolutely will in the future.
girl from coffee shop seen at bar with guy from record store
i didn't really find much out.
she confronted me and asked me about it.
and nothing works quite like the tv does for me.
by this point, i was asleep and had been for a couple of hours, so i didn't get any of b's calls.
aita for making a distasteful joke
this is the conversation we had the next day: mom: are these yogurts just for you or up for grabs?
woman struggling to contort dreams, ambitions into shape of dental technician
later, everyone's drinking coke and i shake in a whole lot of it so when she drinks it, she throws up.
new super-fast transport system powered by passengers' screams
towels across water park lounge chairs mark family's ironclad claim
report finds letting stranger bum cigarette sole act of human compassion still in practice
she doesn’t really like that answer, and i say i want to buy new parts for my computer should she be expected to pay for half of those?
** aita for yelling at my sons?
i can read you like a book.
i don't push it, and he goes into the other room to sleep.
however, this girl also was monogamous.
which she of course was pretty happy about.
panicked newborn didn't realize breathing would be on apgar test
this weekend she plans to get her first tattoo, which will be "to not being dead" on her forearm.
kurrencykook.com gives new $100 bill mixed review
but she came down with no hesitation.
family unsure why grandmother's caregiver seems like he actually enjoys spending time with her
lockheed martin engineer told to make it sear faces off faster
biden invokes freedom of information act to find out when woman gets off work
ps: this is a throwaway account, if that matters.
i’m going to leave all doors unlocked i may be in shower but come in and i’ll leave the machine out.
aita for falling asleep after telling my friend i would give her a lift?
maybe we should compromise in a way that i haven't thought of yet?
he taunted me while playing basketball calling me pansy and queer and i outted him.
i thank them greatly and proceed to keep quiet.
everything that’s in the garbage can is someone else’s, so why do i have to take it out.
amy klobuchar pledges to fight everyday americans
7-year-old asshole demands you king him
the class is full of females, low income, usually single/young moms.
desperate pbs premieres nova: boobs a-bouncin'
really i was probably closer to the mental and physical state to that of a meth addict by now.
i don’t insult, ignore or harass either of them or do anything like that, i just personally can’t respect them as people, even though that sounds really bad.
cnn accused of ignoring certain issues on anderson cooper 340°
on the other hand, i'm highly invested in this relationship.
bo, sunny obama announce selection of artist for their official portraits
clinton commissions john williams to compose 'clinton's theme'
aita for dating a girl i don't intend to marry?
15-year-old girl viciously torn apart by rabid pack of peers
man to undergo extensive interrogation by coworkers about where he got falafel
report: john lennon probably would have eventually died anyway
mohawked, aviator-wearing robert de niro idles cab outside suspected bomb-maker's home
at least that will keep lasership out of the process.
i’ve allowed him to sleep on my bed in the past, and when he’s curled up into a ball, you basically can’t touch him/move him/ tell him to move.
i tell my dad about it and he replies "son, i don't have the money for such a thing".
department of transportation allocates $400 million for national shortcut
i eventually asked him if he was putting his discord server before his friend’s party.
breaking: flight attendant currently attempting to pass cup of cranberry juice over your laptop
she then says that i am hurting her feelings really badly, and that she feels very ugly now.
my rationale is that the newly wed couple can receive the money only if they make it together for a year...
brett kavanaugh reiterates cruel and unusual punishment what makes someone a true kappa
i rose my voice some at the poor lady before leaving and posting a 1-star review on the survey they sent out.
cop just in it for the frisking
desperate u.s. colleges weigh emergency bob marley legend ban
joe biden shows up to inauguration with ponytail
madcap romp escalates into zany hijinks
she said he was asking for me and that i could have called him back.
sean spicer's voice immediately recognized by everyone else in 'halo 5' multiplayer lobby
he doesn't pay the bills, he doesn't pay for food etc...
area teen receives $2 from grandma
man in center of political spectrum under impression he less obnoxious
she had very bad anxiety attacks being with me.
grown adult walks right into karate studio
generous military sends $800 in disability to man who wakes up screaming every night
report: mom has plan for tub of whipped cream in fridge
so my friend often doesn't pay attention, and will doodle in her notebook or the note sheet.
corn added to list of items that upset grandma's stomach
new 40-gigabite ihop breakfast platter holds up to 10,000 pancakes
asimo tricked into falling down stairs
faa study finds 64% of engine failures caused by henchman being kicked into turbine
it was explained by the manager that the cash card is distributed proportionately across the items, and $9 is the amount of usd i ended up paying for the hat.
i genuinely don’t know how to explain this well so i’m just going to be blunt at the risk of sounding like an ass.
editing again because no one seems to understand, my ex is a close friend, someone i’d consider my best friend, and there’s no feelings between each of us.
i guess for me, i dont see how having a handgun is any less dangerous then a rifle in the house.
st. vincent to world's catholics: stop donating all this crap to me
i’m starting to feel really guilty about it.
i grabbed the water pipe (small, maybe 30-40$) that she brought herself and threw it out the open window, hearing it break as it hit the ground on the other side of my backyard fence.
the only reason she has that much "fun money" saved up is because i am paying 70% of the living expenses.
man finally comfortable enough around girlfriend to cheat on her
at the end of the night, he texted me and said he had a really good time and hopes that i will open up more to him and the idea of being more physically affectionate.
i was shocked even though i already knew that.
i feel kind of bad since it was him asking and i guess i could have called my friend back.
since you couldn't make it to his party.
&#x200b; friday rolls around and fully expect the same but no, when i get in my supervisor tells me shes been in contact and turns out her gran died.
junk mail locked back inside letterbox until something more important delivered
bird's nest 65 percent cigarette butts
aita for blaming my employee for showing up late?
proposed legislation offers citizenship to immigrants who can play piano so good it makes everyone cry
laptop guy at coffee shop nine times out of ten
uber hires marketing firm to help decrease brand awareness
2 of my other friends also speak the language to varying degrees, mostly at a conversational level.
i see me as an asshole.
aita for telling a group of people the reason my one friend doesn't want to play a game with a specific person in the group?
experts advise against throwing laptop across office even though it will feel incredible
&#x200b; so, am i being the asshole because i don't find her sexually attractive?
i have had several episodes where i have asked my girlfriend to remove her jewelry, like remove a ring, because she wanted to hold hands, remove a neclace when she lean over me ect.
i start freaking out and asking her why she would do that.
purchase justified by theoretical $50 rebate
i've been trying to put myself back on the right track by biking and transporting myself to work during the break without any help from my parents, not going on vacations voluntarily to stay at home and work and take care of my dog, so i could learn to mature, but that failed and i'm back on my self destructive path.
&#x200b; so yeah, is she the asshole for not buying her siblings tangible christmas gifts?
oscars audience shrugging uproariously during jimmy kimmel's opening monologue
the other player agreed with the first player that i am an asshole.
aita for thinking people should not use the elevator in the office for only one floor.
she is not even the person in the shop with the longest hours.
starts calling mike a pathetic looser, and talking about how she "needs someone older and more mature" in front of me to send me the message she was ready to "upgrade".
i know this type of stuff makes him happy, but i think if he stays at home and just plays video games he will continue to be depressed.
as agreed j stayed with his girlfriend and we are grateful for this, despite being wary about his message and feeling that hanging over us.
of course i don’t mean to make excuses for a’s abuser and it was abhorrent what b did, but it should be noted that b was severely mentally ill, suffering from disassociation, mania and depression among other things.
she'd been going round his place most nights and take free drugs from him and he'd coerce (not force) her into sleeping with him, which went on for at least a couple weeks about a month or two before we met.
i never really wanted children, but k was very insistent about wanting a child, and i decided to put her needs above mine on this issue, given how important it is to her.
study finds owning cool leather jacket more rewarding than raising children
this issue had become so problematic that a few students have said they wouldn’t walk on graduation because of the clothing.
i even scared both our cats while yelling.
i know that they are just some dumb flowers but she means the world to me, i just thought that i might brighten part of her day.
i can understand that some of you are getting hot and angry but this is just childish.
anxious gina haspel gives self little pep interrogation in bathroom mirror
santa anita racetrack officials award first place to jockey who dragged dead horse 30 yards over finish line
my girlfriend of course loves him and doesn't see any flaws.
i couldn't get a good read on him but i didn't back off.
'we'll be moving shortly,' says train conductor waiting for workers to remove dead body from tracks
putting ice cream in bowl momentarily considered
swans in committed relationship barely ever arch necks into heart shape anymore
aita for being uncomfortable with my fiancé allowing her nude photos posted online?
and yes, i'm in it mostly for the sex and intimacy and little else.
i really do admit that i'm the asshole for blowing up at her and for not being there for her during a tender moment, like she had been there for me.
aita for refusing to stop calling my mom and dad hun?
this problem that they are dealing with is affecting rose a lot emotionally and even physically (she can't sleep sometimes).
man under mistaken impression he his own harshest critic
this event occurred when i was 17 in junior college.
even though she tried really hard.
so she went alone, i feel bad about not being there for her in a time of need, but this situation is not out of the ordinary at this point, and i know she can handle it.
she even told me she cuckolded (with his consent) a previous boyfriend, in addition to having threesomes.
god admits there was probably a better way of giving humans taste of heavenly bliss than opioids
john ashcroft silences reporters with warning shot
the guy looked really creepy and nervous the whole time like he kept turning his head around and looking at people.
we haven't been intimate and haven't really spoken since.
&#x200b; knowing who she is and who her friends are, i shouldn't have been surprised, but internally i became so angry at her all of a sudden.
i eat almost 4,000 calories a day to maintain my average build.
breaking: bitcoin value currently plummeting—no, wait—skyrocketing—no, plummeting
romney to town hall audience: 'i own horses and care for them, and you are all like horses'
ophthalmologist instructs patient not to look at anything 24 hours before eye surgery
universe comes to halt as kid flips through first shark book
we got home at 5am, and that made going to work almost impossible for the day.
on the way to the first party my car breaks down and my friends and i end up there at around 9:30 so we decide to stay a little later.
(we were close friends for a year and a half before we got together, and i know how important his friends are to him, abf in particular, due to all the stories i've heard.) the last time abf even asked bf to hang out was 2 months ago, and he texted bf last minute on a friday night to see if he wanted to go, right then, to ren camp for a whole weekend.
she goes hysterical, cries and threatens to call the police.
really can't remember a lot of the stuff i wrote, but i made it pretty clear how i viewed things.
aita for leaving her pregnant with a kid i won't help raise?
trump deploys national guard to press conference for standing ovation
bf had a birthday party for a major birthday this past saturday and asshole best friend- henceforth known as abf, who was supposed to come didn’t show, with no explanation.
bush disappointed to learn chinese foreign minister doesn't know karate
i was pretty drunk so i venture off with one of them to another bar (i let my friends know exactly where i was and when i should be back by).
i’ve contacted a lawyer and we have subpoenaed the mower manufacturer as i bought it brand new, and the plan is to now try and charge him with theft of my mower aita for taking property back that’s mine?
my mom thought i was a dick for doing it.
studio audience wants show to be over
middle-aged man in gym locker room puts shirt on before underwear
fyi i knew that you can't change anyone if they are not willing to change.
he has a lot of off time currently as he has quite some time off from work and gets bored while i work in the office 8 to 5.
&#x200b; any advice would be appreciated, and i'll answer any questions to the best of my ability.
man excited to spend weekend back home catching up with old video games from high school
she seemed appreciative today i started feeling worse (been a mild cough) i go to virtual doctor and they diagnose me with the flu.
assisted living center widower has eye on cute, hunched-forward little number
he was completely unable of expressing emotion, and honestly said some really scary stuff.
what would make me the asshole is that i have the possibility of being seizure free.
man vows never to watch another sci-fi movie with physicist friend
which got a lot of “oh duuuuude.
at the beginning of this month i forgot to give her 10 bucks, i forget sometimes and she never made a big deal out of it.
advertiser thought this sponsored post was good idea
i would often use these group chats or my friends who juuled for an extra pod.
gap debuts new line of children's sweaters to clutch to chest when son goes missing
i have known about it the whole time (he likes to brag).
i wasn’t trying to be rude, just explain how i see things.
change in bus seats taken personally
man with shitty job just doing this until he gets fired
i grabbed their collars after maybe 30 seconds after they turned the rottie into a chew toy.
aita for not giving my so rides whenever they ask to and from their destinations?
the sign had a button you could press to release a puff of scent.
i still can't tell if i am truly a scumbag or not.
my other friends expressed how surprised they were that i would seem 'normal' and milo would be totally out of reality while we were both on the same number of tabs.
there’s still time for him to get his refund at face value or even make some money seeing as it’s still a week from the concert.
this meeting has been held at this time for over 6 months.
but i eventually got a better job.
constitution rapidly ages another 100 years from stress of repeated crises
gerbil running late will have to eat her babies on the go
man thinks going to vegas for things other than gambling somehow less sad
aita for getting revenge on my neighbor?
every time i would text my fwb about my time hanging out with a friend (platonically), i could feel a wave of jealousy wash over him.
[son] has trouble opening up and appearing vulnerable.
area man lives vicariously through son's bully
i feel really helpless because she doesn’t want to leave my father alone and at the same time can’t stand living there.
restaurant's eating challenge rewards any patron who can consume reasonably portioned meal
me and my wife have been together for 5 years, married for 3 and had our first kid about a year ago.
so i fill out this form honestly but the third question (open ended mind you) asks how you would fix the topic of interest.
i went to 1 teaching session that kept me off-site for \~4 hours, as it was too short notice to reschedule easily.
we have been dating 4 years wibta for refusing to get my girlfriend anything for christmas?
bob dole picked off by large hawk circling arena parking lot
advisors instruct william barr to avoid referring to trump as 'my liege' during confirmation hearing
so i had a date planned our for last night.
i don't believe this was intended as anything other than friendly.
he likes to play games with him and overall spends time with him, while i don't get that kind of attention.
hot-dog craving ends after first bite
rwandan refugees angered over lack of aol access
to be clear i obviously think 9/11 is a horrible horrible event where thousands of innocent people died and i don’t think that’s funny...however i am a fan of masochistic humour and i share this with several friends.
he basically chalked it up to "it's a problem between you guys, not me" that's what really hurt.
she says she just was not comfortable meeting with my ex again etc.
i was left standing there, unable to breathe, 13 years old.
but she’s much more adventurous, which i happen to enjoy.
they started dating and i promised jane that if he ever cheated on her i would tell her immediately, and i let him know too.
here’s the moment: we went on the date and it was a nice evening and we chatted.
so, i wanted the chicken balls she owed me for lunch today instead.
from now till the start she had been extremely un-empathetic and i was still pretty pissed.
also person 2 may or may not agree with me.
aita for saying that my little brother’s basketball isn’t good after a game?
(optional wibta: for reporting them to the irs?) aita for hoping sex workers get audited?
dog a pervert in ways owner will never know
the cousin is constantly trying to force my dog to sit or lay down, they also are really rough when they’re “playing”, they pick my dog up constantly, and when my dog is trying to sleep the cousin is in his face and just all over him.
let's not forget that you have at least one adult child who lives in poverty as the result of undiagnosed mental illness.
kavanaugh packing gun at congressional hearing in case parkland father tries to shake his hand again
parents, baby, godmother all uncomfortable with arrangement
pope francis admits 'like 97%' of past church leadership 'probably burning in hell'
it’s the first night of 2019.
i don't think it's wrong to want biological children.
transformer refuses to change back into volkswagen
i am afraid i might turn into that guy who ditches his friends for his so though.
immediately, she got upset, yelled fine, i'll just do it myself, and left to go get a tree alone--which is something that i consider to be a special thing you do with family.
tearful anthropologists discover dead ancestor of humans 100,000 years too late
frenzied trump supporters admit they'd be just as happy tearing him to pieces
i called the front desk to ask what was going on and i was told the water had been temporarily shut off, and that we could use the spa showers on the floor level or wait 1-2 hours and the water would be turned back on.
like theres no names on who from.
like i said i take shrooms very seriously and his disregard for them has got me livid today, so much that really dont want to see him again.
papa john's comes under fire for cruel treatment of the bulbous, deformed creatures that lactate pizza sauce
i raised no concerns about this, but i did insist that she take care of the house (which she does) while also keeping an attractive figure.
gumption rewarded with even more work
man worried harassing messages he sending on dating app getting lost among abuse from other guys
empty wall behind couch falls into girlfriend's crosshairs
child entertained for 5 minutes by plastic toy that will take 1,000 years to biodegrade
win a $10,000 mall of america dream shooting spree!
bob iger offers rupert murdoch one night with mickey mouse in exchange for 21st century fox
nation begs disaffected youth gravitating toward neo-nazism to get high and play xbox instead
i'm gonna rewrite this as short and sweet as i can a few months ago i lost my best friend after a long and close relationship, over..i dont even know..so i'll go over a timeline of sorts.
desktop zen rock garden thrown at assistant
seagull with diarrhea barely makes it to crowded beach in time
i bring up the fact that i might not go to state university i might just stay in community college because it’s cheaper and more convenient.
i told him earlier that week that i would be working on friday and then heading out for the holidays the next day.
however, she doesn't want to take the opportunity.
she wrote me yesterday and i left her on read, she wanted to go eat next week, but i don't really care to go eat or really talk to her.
moving to new city to solve all of area man's problems
secondly, i’ve been reading a lot comments asking what our night schedule is currently and wanted to clear that up...
the title is misleading, but technically true.
she answered back telling me to shut up and that i was an annoying piece of shit and if i kept talking she would kick me out of the house...
man who actually needs grey poupon unable to bring self to ask
they still refuse to accept me back into the family as a full member.
but, i taught my older son some self defense techniques like holding a combination lock in your hand while you punch, avoid grabbing, how to take someone to the ground, the usual stuff.
i said yes, because i don’t want any drama if i say no or upset her.
we finished our meals and received the bill.
&#x200b; i've never been so shaken in a conversation with a teacher in a long time, i'm generally on good terms with all of my other teachers, even becoming a teacher's assistant for one and a class ambassador with another.
**2 weeks later** - some shit goes down and me and bill are excommunicated from the group.
she then got up pointed and yelled at another guy i knew across the room who got her number: "call me!".
we both hit it off pretty well.
hulking strongman now only voice of reason in republican party
woman amazed she found perfect partner just when she was getting desperate enough to accept anything
aita for stopping talking to my friend?
she's in the mental health field, so apparently she needs to keep her work and personal life separate.
i was elated because i thought finally i had been right about my feelings.
she starts pulling them out the door i pull back.
attempt to buy gift for boyfriend results in hatred of boyfriend
point of story apparently that man ate at restaurant
so basically this conversation happened on another subreddit and i just need to check if i’m the asshole.
also, you could say that fighting is on overreaction &#x200b; btw at the principals, he said that i should be killed for what i did.
i seriously considered not going on the trip at all in protest, but ultimately decided to go.
inhibitions dropped after first sip of beer
disheartened man expected at least one text while checking phone after flight
again, i recognize i dropped the ball here too.
man with big stick to lead russia
so all was going well until i'm in the library about to go too class about to pick up my bag until i realise the new guy place his stuff around mines he was about to go as well so i just grab my bag and just trying to get out there.
i didn't react but god it hurt.
sorry if this seems disjointed my son was spoiled by his mother who gave him everything he ever wanted as she believed she was unable to have a child for well over a decade.
i am a university student with not much at my disposal, but seeing a cat in front of me in such a way made me feel pained for choosing to move on and at the end ignore it.
i stepped outside with my coworker and told her that despite her physical ailments, in an emergency situation like that she needs to keep an eye on the child.
mark zuckerberg: 'you should be grateful all your incessant oversharing online is actually worth something'
if she wants to do something like she does this saturday, fine, whatever.
and i’m lucky she’s still with me, haha.
black father gives son the talk about holding literally any object
so am i the asshole for not wanting him to be there for his ex wife?
phone call with dad just watered-down version of phone call with mom
over the last couple of years, he’s also stopped showing much emotion and due to emotional abuse from my parents, my brain convinces me he hates me (or maybe he does, idk.) he doesn’t get excited much anymore and, in a way, it’s killing me too.
desperate snl releases 'best of melanie hutsell' dvd
god admits he was in pretty bad place while creating universe
son conned out of allowance for seventh consecutive week
sessions rattles baton along prison bars in speech vowing to crack down on violent crime
and i know for a fact that both of their parents won’t be rational if any of them find out about this relationship.
i obviously don't want my children being bullied, but i was furious at how he handled the situation.
i have never had any kind of anger controlling issues, but suddenly these kind of things have started to appear.
especially since she ended up sleeping with my friend, in my living room, the night she ended things with me a second time.
after realizing that i couldn't use anything to dry my soaked hands with i said "aaaah fuck" and tried to figure out a solution.
fast forward and my boss told me at our weekly 1:1 meeting that she was embarrassed about it and that i should apologize to the group and full timers for acting like that.
that one mcdonald's plate from the '70s: holy shit, there it is
she opens up to me that she and her husband are separating, which makes sense because he hasn't been seen around work for awhile.
only when my anger and panic started to fade the realisation crept in that i am probably a massive asshole and moron for leaving her alone in a club at 2 am.
obama orders guantánamo prisoners transferred to next president
moving over to my mom's place is not a choice, as i would have to change my school.
roy moore disgusted by thought of groping breasts of sexually mature woman
'hägar the horrible' cartoonist expected more for 40th anniversary
first off, i cheated on my wife.
dnc attendee screaming 'the earth needs us!' to no one in particular
she puts on the heaviest case, constantly changes her screen protector, and never lets anyone borrow it.
even though we try to do stuff with him (he always declines), he never makes an effort to hang out with us.
woman nervous for boyfriend to meet person she becomes around parents
this whole jealousy thing continued into what i described to be "clingy".
though she told me that she likes tim only as a friend, because he's nice.
fast forward again to today- about a week later, we're having a conversation about the first meeting and stuff, and she asked me if i would still come if she "hypothetically" had a boyfriend.
obama sleeping with louisville slugger under bed now
aita for not telling my dad what was bothering me?
hearing your answers definitely helped open my eyes.
lately, i've been thinking this was all my fault, and i was an idiot to think it could have gone otherwise.
legislators still concerned about key non-issues
am i the asshole for not liking how my friend only gave me a letter for my bday, yet went out of her way to buy gifts for others (with the possible reason that she feels comfortable enough with me)?
area man determined to get money's worth from pay toilet
study links meat, sugar consumption to early death among those who choose to be happy in life
she told me that she initially planned on buying me a game that i wanted, but she didn't since she is planning on giving me one when i graduate, and thought that two videogames were too unoriginal (!!!).
she has already basically begged for the money to her dad, which mostly ignores her by this point.
'we can have differences of opinion and still respect each other,' says betrayer of the one true cause
she told me she was a bit exhausted because of our differences of opinion.
watching faces of students as they finish 'the lottery' highlight of english teacher's year
dozens of social issues thankful they never had to go toe-to-toe with muhammad ali
random uncle's wife crying a bunch throughout grandma's funeral
i am in rather good shape and he's overweight.
camera falls out of love with melanie griffith
now we always refer to this apartment as “ours”, even though it’s mine by law and in fact.
she is very scared and told my son (21m) that she was planning to have an abortion.
scientists theorize what would happen if they touched a cloud
authorities say dozens of bystanders failed to act as man went about his life
i heard a lot about ghosting these days and i don’t know it makes me feel kind of bad?
console wars heat up as zenith unveils gamespace pro
yesterday, i was in such a situation.
brittney was rude, she was lazy, and she was sexist.
olympic skier stares down icy, forbidding slope of rest of life
fishfan420 was my brother's roommate and we're extremely close now (after all this shenanigans).
uneducated nba star urges kids to stay in school
washington post offers non-subscribers 10 free articles to fact-check per month
editors of 'good car' magazine: 'the 2013 hyundai sonata is a good car'
report: american dream now an out-of-court settlement
area man does his best thinking on his atv
former couple to remain friends until one finds new sex partner
trash bag taped over broken southwest plane window
"why did the bad man take lucy and diaz away?", then the mother pointed at me.
so she tells me to pick her up eggs and milk at the store.
he saw a new psych on friday who said his 2 anti depressants may have been somehow making his lows even lower.
- making it very clear that he is better than the rest of us at basketball by saying we are shit or babies ect.
but i already warned her of that, so that it's not my problem.
woman who's been on the pill for years thinking about switching to new set of debilitating side effects
tldr : broke up with a rebound that helped me through a rough time in my life with the reason “romantic feelings are gone”.
paul ryan confident american people will warm up to tax plan once they realize life a cruel and meaningless farce
i'll be back for the weekend of christmas then gone again.
and i'm a little mad because even if i wanted to move my things out of there i couldn't.
she said the second nurse was very offended.
but he was pretty firm that the settlers were wrong about so much that they did without acknowledging the wisdom of local peoples.
production of 'iceman cometh' canceled due to entire cast getting called back for axe body spray commercial
and what i'm doing now, is keeping on with what i've been doing.
basically, a few weeks ago, we were having drinks at his apartment.
i assumed maybe he had been able to find the platform and go to the gig, and after a few missed calls directed at him i thought it would be best just to take the final train to the venue and see if i could catch up with him there.
she calls me "honey" and she occasionally speaks with a baby voice, which is a huge pet peevesm of mine.
live cow lowered onto floor of u.s. house of representatives
lo and behold, hot girl's name is in the search history, and my gf sees it.
well since it's a small town the cops ain't too far from us and they had barely enough time to see the people leaving the party.
ron paul blames florida loss on expensive advertising costs of poster board, markers
like in the same office but we never see each other.
man feeling pressure to give mom grandchildren while she still around to raise them
now my kid is saying that person isn't coming around anymore and i'm torn between smugness and a little guilt.
jared kushner spends fourth consecutive day silently ensnared in decorative white house spider webs
while that was a whole other conflict, essentially most people on the floor sided with this girl and most of my floor hates me, and to be honest i don't really care.
aita for leaving my friend who wanted a ride home from school?
i just don't think it's worth it to go out and pay restaurant food prices when we can stay home for home food prices and have food that's just as excellent.
my hearing isn't great so i have my tv turned up a bit to hear the music and sounds in the game.
report: majority of americans know which youtube clip they'll post following dustin hoffman's death
clinton calls for big bucks, no whammys
pretty soon, i realized i had deep feelings for her.
aita for wanting my boyfriend to spend time with me on our anniversary, even if it means he’d have to skip his final game to see me?
context: a women i was dating (were now friends) was moving out to colorado, where i grew up.
the sitter comes in the room and was like omg did she bite you?!
paul giamatti cuts back on acting to focus on signature line of shapeless khakis, rumpled polos
i'll come over to talk with my brother, and she's playing sims 4 with a giant sink full of dishes and an overgrown law.
the situation was that the other boy was picking on my 8 year old, so he decided to punch him to defend his brother.
also, her brother frequently fails to help out when they visit us, sleeping in and having his face buried in his phone.
oh, and he asked his tree guy to quote me to remove the rest and the tree guy said "it's too big, i have no way to get it out of there...." aita?
saturday i wake up and start to worry about the distance.
but that only lasted a few seconds.
so it was the day before valentine's day and i plucked up the courage to ask her out.
aita for my dislike of smoking?
aita for not wanting to pay back my sister-in-law $4000 that she gave us?
annoying guy in movie theater constantly screaming 'get out of there, you idiot' at bradley cooper's character in 'a star is born'
daddy hitting mommy with a chair this time
i thought after the suicide thing she would go but she stayed and kept checking up on me.
but aimta for pulling up this article in the national news.
maybe a two part question: 1) aita for even bringing it up, or should i should just chill?
government shutdown forces national zoo to turn off panda suicide cam
so for those five months, i was placed at the care of my grandparents.
my wife and i bought a house last year.
she told me that i hadn't at all because she said yes, but i said that i feel like i have, because she said no multiple times, and each time i asked her if she was sure and if there is no possibility that she doesn't want to do something else.
but when the issue is in reverse, or even involves a straight male not being attracted to a transwoman, people always get vitriolic and rude with it, because you're only "supposed" to support the lgbt side of these issues in their minds and such.
god furious at every human who isn't actively trying to get as fat as possible off bounty he provided
sweating, exhausted christian bale stumbles past 13-mile marker on oscars red carpet
you all are interesting here in reddit land.
i can't believe she would think that of me.
and even if it was, the greenhouse was not good for our family regardless, it was built to make us money, but after almost three years, it didn't even pull half back of what it cost us.
pentagon report concludes too many soldiers have same nickname
you knew i wanted to leave!' and now they're angry at me.
we were away on kind of a vacation while this happened, and some neighbors of ours' sent us pictures and we got to see the desolated greenhouse pieces all over the place.
convention crowd really hoping bill clinton breaks tension with joke about how terrible he looks
amish teen spends entire rumspringa at apple store
i'd kind of unloaded on her things i had been keeping to myself, namely, that she has owed me $200 for almost 2 years now.
5-year-old feels like she just wasted whole carousel ride waving to dad
but i sometimes overthink things and i'm curious to see what other people think edit 2: i have determined...i am the asshole.
and yes i did say “please?” as in will you please unremove my post?
however, recently river has become super annoying and rude to many of my good friends.
skeleton of mayan nerd dug from prehistoric locker
&#x200b; my parents have many opinions about my love life: mom and dad met in college and they were each others' first boyfriend/girlfriend.
i felt like it was moving towards a relationship and i kinda panicked because i knew that i wasn’t interested in her as much as she was in me.
we don't do it mean spiritedly, we do it lovingly.
am i the asshole, if i steal someone else's umbrella after mine was stolen?
because of this, i have sacrificed a lot of the things i used to do and stopped writing my novel in order to learn about videogames and participate.
aita for "stealing" this parking spot?
we get in and his new bed he's been waiting for has arrived, i asked if he'd like help and said no, that i could go sit down so i go and lay down/ space out on his couch while he starts putting up his new bed.
his brother "actually doesnt really like that game" and our roommate "is going to immediately reacquire all his op gear no matter what." i couldnt help it.
i told her tonight, "look you need to tell them, or we need to have a private ceremony" because i don't want this.
mccain tucks extra neck skin into collar
relationship experts recommend telling woman you would die for her at outset of first date
i can't get both now, and wouldn't try.
experts refuse to warn of any new health hazards until americans deal with current backlog
tldr: girl violated me by robbing me in my sleep after i opened up and was vulnerable to her.
he once again cuts through the barrier to come to a dead stop in front of me.
we walk in the emergency room and i'm the only person there.
wibta if i asked my kids which parent they loved more?
told my husband that it makes me uncomfortable and i prefer to not be in room to watch it.
but she just happens to want to label a lot of the food she eats as good or bad.
this ensues for a month while i say passive aggressive stuff while she gets angry at me.
we were kind of a lowkey unofficial “thing” and we also had sex twice.
they always talk bad about the students and sometimes tease the students that just transferred in and to even think about dating one of the new students would horrify them.
aita for reminding my ex, i'm getting screwed over in the devorce?
i recognize it might be weird to raise a child as a single father willingly and it might cause a weird conversation with my 4 sons later in life.
suburbanite shocked by poor condition of urban mall
the retail price for it is $450-500.
at one of these parties, i noticed that one of my female japanese friends was being cornered and forced to talk with another american exchange student, and was looking a little bit uncomfortable.
area grandmother comes forward as 'banksy'
breathalyzer big hit at cop party
i am not a trust fund baby.
so a few days back me and a girl i know had a sleepover or whatever you call it.
following me at lunch, while he's following her around trying to fix things but having no idea how and maybe not even knowing what he did.
i even started inviting her to social events and everyone saw that my friend was the unreasonable one and was told about how controlling he was, and got to know her better.
friend whose mom just died allowed to pick pizza topping
pope francis kills 3 hours milling around atlanta airport during layover to d.c.
he agreed that it would be difficult and decided to decline the invitation.
national security experts: 'isis are fucking assholes'
robbie krieger goes 51 minutes without mentioning jim morrison
have you ever hated someone so much that every little thing annoys you?
'i'm trump all the way,' says man who will die from mishandling fireworks months before election
i am too socially anxious to seek professional help.
woman assures you she's not mad
edit 2: i realise that what i did was wrong, and i'll definitely apologize to him, this was the first time this type of thing ever happened, and i do think we can make up.
man crouched inside of robotic welding arm terrified robot will eventually take his job
grandmother will live on in arguments over her wedding china
nuclear bomb detonates during rehearsal for 'spider-man' musical
that's understandable, i was not upset about that, cause it definitely made sense.
bp pledges to continue being huge profitable corporation
i wasn't with her at the time but she was expected to medal so it was disappointing for her.
am i the asshole for pushing the issue?
man at bar clinging to muted 'king of queens' episode like life preserver
we texted for a little and we had a lot in common and she seemed pretty cool.
black history month celebration honors how sharp african americans looked in old-timey clothes
sleepover guests get story straight on what time they went to bed
clinton campaign airlifts 200 crates of volunteers to wisconsin headquarters
u.s. urges bin laden to form nation it can attack
north dakota flooding reminds people of north dakota's existence
she’s an athlete like me though and extremely skinny so it’s not uncommon for their period cycles to be out of wack.
tl;dr waitress forgot the second pound of wings on my bill and when she realized and i had to pay, i didn't tip.
secretary of interior announces $400 million initiative to preserve self for future generations to enjoy
i'm taking ap literature this year not because i give a damn about literature, but because i want the ap credit to pad my transcript and make college easier later on.
the next morning i go to the gym and this insanely hot girl that i have become friends with is there as well.
(this dynamic lasted for most of a year.) 4.
holocaust survivors recall exact day holocaust started right out of the blue
(i think he's a really horrible guy, he thinks he's some sort of ozzy osbourne but he's closer to a neo-nazi) aita for breaking up with my girlfriend over her ex?
i measured it at fully erect and i am bordering on nine inches when hard, a little less.
that’s how i think and i’m starting to think i should feel bad about it.
scientists warn all plant life dying within 30-yard radius of ted cruz campaign signs
world rejoices as grumpy cat and her shitty attitude dead forever
she'd also point out that many of these children probably live in bad neighborhoods where it's not possible to trick-or-treat.
i continued to talk to this other person, often flirting and even sexting him.
snack scientists develop previously unthinkable capacity to stuff cheese inside itself
i told them where i worked and asked to please come get it if they need it.
the same thing applies to the snow shoveling, if i had known everyone was chipping in that day, i would have also done it (but i had overslept that day, so maybe the same thing would have happened).
i have gotten into the habit of writing up reports of any confrontation i have in a professional setting from working with a bully in a previous workplace.
i feel caught off guard by the whole thing, but do appreciate why she got upset in the first place (obviously she’s going through a hard time right now and i was a little insensitive and crossed the line), but the fact that it’s going on for days and now she’s basically not talking to me, unless to telling me to fuck off, is causing me to question myself.
basically, i'm the only one in the class with a proper plan and doing more than just taking care of the house/kids as i live w/ my bf, take 12 hours of classes (college classes 11am-4pm as well as this ma class which is itself 6 hours a day, 4 days a week 530p,-11pm), and work on the weekends.
so they stayed living together until the end of the week when he would move out.
in the past she and i had very minimal interaction and i knew she had advocated against me due to my drug use.
i think she expected me to know too.
dept. of homeland security introduces dhs for men
explosion used to signify big savings
nation kept up all night by sound of creaking infrastructure
it was in a facebook group about the show this is us.
local bull dreams of traveling to spain for running of the bulls
i'm dating an olympian who competed pyeongchang last year.
clinton aide told to leave behind weak volunteer who collapsed during march to south carolina
eventually she remembers the wall mount conversation and asks if i want to go in on half of it with her.
things started getting hot and heavy between the three of us, but my friend fell asleep on the couch whilst he and i continued to hook up.
in the last month, after speaking with one of our mutual friends (m) who is in an open relationship, it came to light that we were both attracted to each other.
trump boys sadly release pet alligator into lincoln memorial reflecting pool
man pledges loyalty to brand in quiet convenience store ceremony
at the end of the night, maybe 11:30 i was outside and noticed there were about 12-15 cigars left.
and she let me know it by shitting on me some more.
aita for insisting that i be allowed to meet my sister's mysterious new boyfriend?
by that, i mean we do everything but have actual sex.
as of today he is still in the intensive care unit, so my girlfriend is worrying too much about him.
report: majority of married people get up and go to second family's house as soon as spouse asleep
**abf**: what's up (no question mark.
financial advisor recommends keeping one bullet in chamber just in case
&#x200b; edit2: for clarity (because the title is misleading).
this was both sensible and very kind of her, but complications soon arose.
report: you know you are a fucking idiot, right?
local los angeles awards show slated to open for grammys
chicago public schools celebrate fifth straight day without any student violence
she asked me to do acid with her and then we hooked up at her house.
i can’t cook and mostly uses my meal swipes, and because of this i didn’t bring my own dishes, and the same goes for one of my other roommates.
guillermo del toro: 'in today's society, the true monsters are the horrifying, flesh-eating gargoyles'
it was clearly a no but i was hurt that she conveyed it that way.
she got an uber home with one our friends that had to work in the morning.
no way any health problem hurts that badly someone can't go a couple days without medication.
she tells me i was childish for asking her when she would get it, i say i didn't want to be left in suspense.
i read a statistic that only 1% of users will post on a thread, and only 1% of people who read it will bother to comment or report.
so i reached in and took her phone, but as she was wearing skinny jeans i could see she had a set of keys in her pocket which were clearly her keys to her bedsit.
royal couple to spend $36.21 queen elizabeth had left over from 2010 u.s. visit
report: apocalypse actually happened 3 years ago
this is also affects my sex life.
so basically i've been going to school with this one girl for 5-6 years now, she's always been overweight.
also, they wanted to go to the free club instead of the club i wanted to go to.
local extension cord blasted for failing to reach outlet
side salad clearly made from hamburger toppings
new madonna album hailed as available for purchase
i agreed to leave her alone and give her time.
4 copy editors killed in ongoing ap style, chicago manual gang violence
at first, this seemed like a one-off event due to the harsh, chemical smell of the litter we were using, so we did some research and started taking precautions and extra measures to try and prevent this from happening again.
'i'm not really looking to date right now,' says man, as if he not at mercy of love's powerful, mysterious ways
tomato genetically modified to be more expensive
she offered him drinks and asked him to join us.
i'm simply going to say that he earns almost no money.
exciting new app allows users to be pawns in 26-year-old ceo's little game
so my brother invited me and my family to his and his sons birthday.
and i've generally got some super uncharitable opinions about the kind of guy that age who would enter into a relationship with my baby sister (do i privately believe that this guy is a massive creep?
woman going to take quick break after filling out name, address on tax forms
trump comforts grieving war widow by assuring her he will never die
so i pick up the trash and throw it harder back at him.
biden pardons single yam in vice presidential thanksgiving ritual
mcdonald's introduces new 6-piece chicken ncnoltes
trump boys defend sending saudi arabia plans for cool missile on personal etch a sketch
tsa guy circling stuff on boarding pass with reckless abandon
we have always been quite wealthy.
am i the ass hole for supplying information about him not paying taxes to the irs?
they think i'm being petty and childish and so on.
he kept trying to talk to me, and i just kept telling him it made me feel bad, but he never took it back.
they clearly know i am pissed off at this point and are all avoiding eye contact with me and looked scared shitless.
but when i propositioned him on christmas morning - he told me no, we had to get ready and my birthday isn’t until tomorrow.
subscribed to titty models in twitter, snapchat, instagram, facebook, tumblr..
she has stepped over the line.
basically treating me like i was being an asshole to the guy.
i'm pretty stoic and it's just not in my nature.
i felt bad so i said i don’t know about my health and after a while stopped responding to her.
i meant this as a joke at the time, although i don't think the joke part of it got across to her or her friends since they all got extremely mad at me.
he ended up punching our old tv screen until it was shattered and he caused a contusion in his hand.
my (21f) boyfriend (21m) and i have been dating for roughly a year with a 5 month break in the middle.
me: hey, i think we should get some weed.
area bastards pick wrong guy to mess with this time
i said i love him and i know i'm being stupid about a small thing but that was how i feel.
i was finding it hard to satisfy myself and started looking at pictures off twitter of people i knew, exes, friends, and just people i went to school with.
laura ingraham claims protesting parkland students don't have enough gun knowledge to criticize nicholas cruz
i found out she was screwing around on me with a friend at one point, which brought in this rule.
so, i got up and slapped him.
trump vows to leave a better afghanistan for nation's grandchildren to fight in
we have our beliefs, and we do not find religious rituals necessary.
aita for confronting my friends new friend who is trying to give him adderall.
edit; thank you guys for commenting i realise you guys are right i’m definitely the asshole but i’m gonna make an effort to relax a bit, my girlfriend had a good time reading your comments and feels super happy you agree with her, i’m an asshole but at least she still loves me aita - for always trying to help
&#x200b; probably not relevant i was carrying my 3 year old daughter.
he asked me if i would drive him home, and i said yes, but under the condition that he better get his ass out to my car fast.
i sent a few angry messages, starting with 'i'm actually kinda fucking pissed now'.
loft apartments converted to mayonnaise factory
latest bin laden tape for completists only
supreme court rules gay rights do not extend to dessert
i asked him to continue giving me head in the future, and he seemed annoyed.
her mom is nice, but i guess she just didn't know how to deal with the situation.
i was attracted to her to an extent but valued our friendship way too much to try anything.
i noticed a girl who seemed interested in me and i started talking to her for a while.
jessica alba saving money for when audience turns on her
mars lander staggers into nasa headquarters drunk, broke
child 'very sorry' for slapping teddy bear
sherwin-williams triumphantly reports nearly half the planet covered in paint
i'm not taking power away from the mods, at least in my opinion.
i thought nothing of it and we continue to go straight.
have a nice new years eve guys.
coffee, presents for people, maccies etc.
study: all american problems could be solved by just stopping and thinking for two seconds
&#x200b; the other day we were laying in bed after i had just gotten home from work and was subsequently falling asleep.
overhanging branches from both trees and hedges are another matter.
that night i just got a stouffer meal and made a salad and whatever else.
it also wasn’t exactly my place to do anything to him at the time.
so basically me and my old friend..
i'm just sitting there stewing in anger and already feel like my day has reached a breaking point.
virginia shooting somehow proves what every single american has been saying all along
after i do that i got to get some paper towels and leave, but to my surprise there was none left in the dispenser.
aita for kicking out a girl we took in who would not live under our rules?
child at 9/11 memorial service sternly reminded we are sad today
wibta if i told my parents i don't forgive them for threatening my education?
anderson cooper begins debate by giving trump opportunity to explain what the fuck is wrong with him
bar table scientists awarded 4-beer grant to complete analysis on why he's not good enough for you
i did so, and knocked on her door 3 times that day to give her the milk and eggs.
his push was more of hitting me in the chest so hard that i flew back.
everyone in coffee shop billing for their time
dr. scholl's introduces new freeze-away toe remover
we met on tinder and saw each other only for sex for the first 2 months or so.
north dakota not heard from in 48 hours
recently, he started talking to this woman that goes to our gym.
larva acting like it knows everything about chewing leaves
obama finally tells rambling tom vilsack to shut the fuck up during cabinet meeting
anyway, my mom's lease says no smoking and no pets, but the real landlords have always been extremely laid back.
recently at a family dinner i told my sil i couldn't eat any of her cooking because i am allergic, i really didn't like any of the food she cooked but i wasn't lying as some of it does contain ingredients i'd be allergic to.
aita for leaving my fiancée for another guy?
i do my best to act like nothings wrong.
departing obama tearfully shoos away loyal drone following him out of white house
timothée chalamet donates 30,000 smoldering looks to time's up fund in wake of woody allen controversy
she's always nice, but i wouldn't consider her a friend.
we friends tell me i should treat her better and i don’t know how lucky i am...
she accuses me of being an unfair, inconsiderate and lying bastard.
i asked him if he thought he was owed a blowjob, and he said something to the effect of "no, nothing like that.
&#x200b; aita for forcing my so to stay at a party?
hazing incident ends in tragic joining of fraternity
i tell them that that would be inappropriate and that i think they know that would be inappropriate.** **my coworker then, without my permission, goes back to them apologises on my behalf for stealing the chair promises to give another seven dollars and comes back and tells me that i have to compensate my other colleague for the money.
i'm 17 almost 18 and i want to start to take control over my life and my parents drag me places and make decisions for me.
am i the asshole for jumping down my elderly grandmothers throat?
european leaders: 'we stand together to say loud and clear: we are scared as fuck and don't know what to do'
i woke up late that day and had to rush to class once i got up.
feel free to attempt to change my view as well.
to be a guy must be so easy.
people have been telling me he has a condition so they take up it up the ass and i don't really agree with that so i ry to stay clear of that person when possible.
sos aita for getting too drunk on nye?
i have since become very passionate about it, and would like to continue as long as i'm able.
for gay couple, fulfilling lifelong dream of marriage not worth moving to iowa
though it was my fault for maybe reading too much into it.
she kept spending time with the guy who attacked me and because of my trust issues and because i recently had two other friends talk about me behind my back before i met her so obviously i would be suspicious.
i actually got called a 'manbaby'.
see it turns out that m had been storing his dirty dishes on a bottom shelf near his bed, and his clean ones on the bottom of the night stand, and he claims i should have known they were dirty as they weren’t under his nightstand.
background: he (25) and i (26f) have been together in a monogamous relationship for almost three years and lived together for a large part of that.
sasha obama asks father why he was acting like such a pussy during debate
you still know where you are, who you are, and what you're doing (until you **really** up the doses).
all day it's just bark bark bark bark bark.
this happened this morning after class.
he seemed to understand my concern, but i doubt that the kid is willing to listen as he seemed to be unfazed by my remarks.
hussein judge hoping for fair, speedy assassination
we were in the field and around my peak( l peaked prior, don't know why.
he made the decision to swerve left onto the median instead of right into a clear lane.
in my defence, her kids are very, very dark and did not look like they were mixed..
congolese rebel can't bring himself to care about congolese war
middle east crisis traced to trouble-making genie
he had the confidence not to put up with it all, so i guess that makes sense.
kc and kenny first broke up half a year ago, i found him screaming at kc with her in a fetal position, completely hysterical.
popular new exercise app just tells users they ran 5 miles a day no matter what
everyone has the own superstitions and habits and there are plenty of baseball wide ones.
so a short backstory on me, i am a model.
gender of person in ronald mcdonald costume unclear
the first time i asked he told me no.
world map rearranged to accommodate poor geography skills of americansnations ordered alphabetically
i told zara that i would now have to go and clear up the situation.
aita for getting annoyed with people's idealism?
at this point i relised somehow my mother had also been turned to this shit, she told me she also stopped using her medications for her illnesses and moved to natural medicine, and told me how great it has been for her.
"thanks for your congrats and good wishes, i see you really care about it" and then blocked me.
aita - fiancee wont admit she has a child
un quietly pushed into east river
woman's head feared lost forever inside infinity scarf
dept. of labor reports it could be nothing, but they may have spotted job in iowa strip mall
our landlord requires us to shovel snow and rake the leaves or we get fined.
and before someone says omg you look at girls in the gym...come on, literally every guy glimpses now and then and because they are literally all round you its kinda hard to not see sometimes.
the next day i made her take a plan b against her will.
then this afternoon i looked out the front door as my daughter typically likes to read on the outdoor setting on the veranda.
historical archives: to be sold - two chamber pot house
woman spends entire date wondering if this the one she'll mace
--- aita if i am upset a date didn't go how i expected it to?
she said she’d be open to that as well.
she forgave me, even though i didn't deserve it, and decided to give our relationship a chance.
child promised he can go right back to video game after giving dying grandfather one last hug
these kids just walk by them through the aisle.
women: why don't they lose some weight?
ferguson pool supply store overestimating how badly looters want chlorine tablets
bonobo embarrassed after walking in on parents, siblings, cousins, friends, partner having sex
**what she saw:** she called me an entitled pos for making the rep look for a non-existent ticket.
eventually, one highly drunk model comes over and says hello.
the following day, my friend apologizes to my step dad and everything is forgiven but my step dads thumb is still jammed.
she just lost her other beloved dog a couple months ago, and is prone to depressive episodes.
she was super nice at the time too and agreed.
i pressed it but didn't smell anything.
nation baffled by childless woman who doesn't even have high-powered career
for context my best friend and i just finished our last year of high school.
they said “why do you never wash your hair?” (which doesn’t seem like much but it has been adding up so i replied “why are you pretending to be a boy?” aita or was it justified aita for making fun of a transgender girl who’s been harassing me?
on a side note, just two weeks ago i wanted to buy a trench coat, and i asked her for advice, but i ultimately didn't go through with it.
&#x200b; even more surprising - she's not that delighted either.
since then the elastic has disintegrated and the material has faded.
struggling high school cuts football—nah, just kidding, art it is
we decided to pay for a trip-bus so we can all travel together, and the first person to greets us is our aunt.
he stopped, asked me “what are you gonna do about it?” and then continued moving.
bartender going to pretend that last drink was supposed to be served on fire
nbc cancels 'piven' after 5 seasons
when i get home i’m dead tired, sick of dealing with other people’s shit and just want to relax.
unsuspecting movie stars follow fake red carpet into back of kidnappers' van
hours later, i caught him telling a mutual co-worker about how they can take whatever they want out of the dairy cooler.
however, he should be taught that letting people think you belong to something when you don't is a type of lying.
he took a class this semester because he heard the professor was easy.
so yeah, this happened a few minutes ago.
new poll finds public becoming more skeptical of profit-driven corporate data mine powered by human misery
fuming rachel maddow spends entire show just pointing wildly at picture of putin
woman fulfills manifest destiny of hardwood floor throughout home
during a round of quiplash, i made a couple jew jokes.
she should have expected at least the tinsiest bit of hesitation when she asked, which is really all that happened.
suborbital ballistic-propulsion engineer not exactly a rocket scientist
if he gets angry, people are going to get hurt/cry or things are going to get destroyed.
kavanaugh nomination falters after washington post publishes shocking editorial claiming he forgot daughter's piano recital
local man casually mentions upcoming birthday
after defending my statement, i laid out the clues that led me to my conclusion.
needless to say, she didn't take it well.
for example, in a live game, you can ask someone "are you mafia?" while this seems like a stupid question to ask because everyone would answer "no," the best players can deduce the affiliation of the responder based on their behavior when answering.
new anti-drug program teaches teens to resist psychiatrist's constant pressure to use drugs
edit three: any more comments talking about condoms won't get an answer, i've explained why we didn't use them and i get it, everyone thinks my society is dumb for its views and everyone thinks her nurse is an idiot.
oxycontin maker criticized for new 'it gets you high' campaign
trump delivers touching tribute to fallen heroes of wwe
i really disagree with wasting food but she says "it's her food to waste".
this morning, the flash on my camera was on and he woke up and was upset that i was taking a picture of him.
the rest of the class hear (because she's reading it out loud) and eventually the teacher catches on and goes to one of the heads of year because they're concerned (she actually texted me later saying the letter was sweet but she already knew my feelings for her and didn't need the letter).
need for more places to sit becomes election's most important issue
kushner: 'i did not collude, but i pretty much have to say that, right?'
he tells me that he is hurt more that i'm bringing it up.
however, she told me that she'd been struggling to take it every day and properly because she's "not on her normal schedule on uni vacation", at the same time she told me she's pregnant.
unfortunately, i'm straight up failing it.
impoverished child in third world dreams about one day leaving light on for no reason
i've heard bad things about her from my friends.
my cousins (including her own son i talked about previously) let me know what she was saying, since they thought it was rude.
they made me look like a hypocrite.
i used a surrogate and with ivf i chose all their genders to be male, the eggs i chose were from a candidate with a 140 iq and she came from money herself.
deepfake video of mark zuckerberg barely good enough to masturbate to
i am the asshole for isolating myself on another continent for two weeks?
last week e suggested that we should get together for a night out without the kids which i happily agreed to.
unemployed, miserable man still remembers teacher who first made him fall in love with writing
pope francis delivers eucharist philly style
me and my bf are pretty much a pretty solid relationship for a year and have never had any major arguments so i'd say we are a pretty solid couple, but i sometimes feel worried that he wouldn't stick up for me at times, say for example when his friend was somewhat being mean to me because he found me annoying.
luxury-craving nation confidently squandering income at pre-2008 levels
saudi executioner thinks he pulled something in shoulder during last 10 decapitations
she claims that she doesn't remember starting sex and the next thing she remembered after the cigarette was having sex (so she blacked out for almost 2 hours according to her).
new evidence reveals christ lounged in tomb for extra hour before finally rising from grave
eventually i found him standing at a street corner with the help of some german locals after about 3 hours of trying to track him down.
abc announces ellen will come out in every episode
brownie" she got all offended and the people we were with were like wtf you can't say that.
we started budgeting and paid off our loans.
is area man going to finish those fries?
on top of that my friends would abandon me too.
broncos center apologizes to team after accidentally snapping ball to brady quinn
middle-aged couple sick of 31-year-old son always trying to set them up with other parents
tenants forced to clean apartment before telling landlord about mice
he also said if he ever catches me playing games he will break my new laptop.
this (to me at least) is not an asshole move, because the shoulder-driver is not waiting in line for the light but to turn to a different destination.
after this incident, i mostly stopped talking to her, and didn’t continue hanging out with her until the whole thing fizzled out.
so reddit, who is the asshole.
unhinged man with jackhammer slips into construction site undetected
a few days later i was down in the dumps after getting rejected by some girl.
by this time i was in contact with an aunt who found out what happened to me at my hometown and offered me a place to live for as long as i wanted while i get my life on track.
crane operator likes to start day with a quick 360
trump administration announces new $20 bill design honoring harriet tubman's owners
honda civic refusing to start engine in solidarity with striking uber workers
literally would start walking in circles in the middle of the road while people honked their cars, so i would have to grab him by the hands and lead him somewhere out of public.
man who temporarily disables facebook account deems self 'off the grid'
i realize i shouldn’t have said some of the stuff i did, but i think it was a bad decision to send me outside and he should especially realize because he, too, was still hot and sweaty from the long hike.
ttt lives four hours away from me and fishfan420 so we wouldn't have a chance to just randomly bump into him.
i know she already made a huge sacrifice in giving up on her life there and moving out with me, but goddammit, i warned her of this all the way, and when shit finally hit the fan, she comes back to me for help, which i adamantly refused.
which i understand, but now i'm filled with fear of what might happen if we break up, and concerned of a possible codependency streak as he seems to be so dependent on me and cares so little about anyone else.
i got this in reply: “i don’t have the original.
we did, and it ended up going much further than just what i suggested as the small thing, and it was in every way a positive experience.
remainder of ross ice shelf now in smithsonian freezer
i think the dog is dangerous to strangers ( she seems to do fine with the family).
i've had one and that was all i needed to know that i didn't like it personally.
weird-looking guy somehow manages to look normal in facebook profile picture
i told my mother that i felt like i was being told that my way to grieve was wrong, but maybe i'm being selfish.
god scores another free balloon some dumb kid let go of
cash-strapped trump forced to replace eric trump with cheap migrant son
manager hates to see you go
we were just talking back and forth, when she said “i am” and i responded with “gay, i know” and my roommate went into the bathroom to take a shower and we left.
jpmorgan chase acquires bear stearns in tedious-to-read news article
new statewide education standards require teachers to forever change lives of 30% of students
a few weeks before this we asked j if we could have the place to ourselves for a couple of days while my partner was here.
one of them told me he'd just come from talking to the driver and said nobody was hurt but they were furious about some asshole that had "tried to ram them off the road" (which i did not do).
this happened in first year of university.
since we all have to give a presentation on our results at the end and are graded by our peers, i plan to give them a shitty grade for data collection and ask questions to "expose" z in front if the whole class.
edit 2: we could not leave the airport because we did not have the documents to enter india.
i told her that he could do it to other people, yet she held firm in her decision.
she apparently took it very personally and told me to just leave if i think the stream is boring.
i ask her who she gave it to.
aita for talking to a guy for a week even tho
row of asterisks spices up otherwise ordinary e-mail
area lady's gentleman caller under employ of jiffy lube
i see her bio and there is already a huge no-no.
so, i say i also want to "play it by ear", and then see how long i need to go till i have sex with them.
i think if he wants to wear the hat he should join the scouts.
hot new 'murder craze' sweeps chicago
i mean i wont, but am i an asshole for escaping my problems this way?
aita if i move and wake my dog?
new study finds most of earth's oxygen used for complaining
throwaway because my boyfriend uses reddit i'm 18, male, my former girlfriend was heavily abusive in every conceivable way and left me with quite serious sex and porn addiction.
rodeo clown bleeding on the inside
girlfriend acting all clingy after getting pregnant
so any where from $55,000 to $90,000 in damages.
some of the "popular" girls at our school were at a birthday party but its high school so they were high and drunk off their asses.
my grandmother is 91 and lives in a nursing home in a small city.
aides gently remind hillary clinton not to refer to opponents as 'obstacles to greatness'
i feel like i am stuck between a rock and a hard place here.
clarification my boyfriend is out of the country.
pope benedict asks if it's too late to change name
a couple months ago i used to have regular conversation with a girl who had a pretty rough time at home, i was at a similar situation during my life so i understood fairly well and tried to support her as well as i could.
he’d spend way more time with this girl than with his guy friends, even though they weren’t even dating.
i've known this guy about fifteen years.
this has just been eating me up inside.
then he walked past me and i did not get hit by the front table legs.
'you better give our dad a good trade deal or you'll be sorry!' shout angry trump boys on phone with employee of local chinese restaurant
it was whole (head, paws and everything).
nyse admits: this is all make believe
so i went to hang out with a mutual friend of ours instead, who brought up the friend i've been seeing.
i didn’t feel guilty cos they weren’t together.
she says ok, everything’s fine, we make out again a day or so later.
jason statham beats wedding planner to death in new romantic comedy
he comes back a minute later, so i can assume he hasn’t washed them yet, and hasn’t talked to or a since.
- seriously saying i was ‘just an idiot’ for asking about the rules of handball (in front of our whole gym class) - arguing with our math teacher about getting a better grade until she cried - helping the other team score points while playing a basketball warmup, by throwing them the ball and yelling “oops!!!!”.
she led a boy on for three years just because she wanted to do it because it was "funny".
i brought it up to my friends, saying that i wanted to invite her to something we were planning or spend time with her, but they all said that they didn't like her or they didn't want to, and that it was a's own fault that we didn't spend any time together anymore.
so far i haven’t talked to her for 2 days i’m ignoring her texts and it feels liberating.
he did not take us even asking well at all.
i was curious, and told him i wouldn't get mad.
in other words, i've been in a controlling relationship and i just started having these experiences.
gop officials: kavanaugh shouldn't be held accountable for something he did as white teenager
a friend of mine told them that i would take the place of their fifth voice that left the choir without knowledge of the posts.
the rest of the original post is below /edit ////////////////////////////////////////////////////// we want to describe both sides in detail, point by point, to stay neutral for more accurate feedback &#x200b; |her concerns - point|his concerns - counterpoint| |:-|:-| |1.
it was a normal parking garage with normal parking spaces.) aita?
2012 seniors thunder into high school's parking lot like coalition forces entering baghdad
i understand that she did spend as much time working on the project as everyone else, but i found it extremely annoying that she spent all of her time trying to make the game "look pretty" without attempting to contribute to the actual challenging parts of building the game.
he went and read the whole thing to other people which was never my intention.
george r.r. martin promises fans 'the winds of winter' is nearly started
running shoes used mainly for computer programming
duke, duchess of cambridge announce name of third child is louis arthur al-baghdadi
new beatles box set features 172 unreleased songs about wanting to hold hands
failing memory fuses robert wuhl, kevin pollack into single entity
he wrote "i'm gay" on his facebook page when he was 14.
we've only been dating 6 months but every single day she cries when she gets home and says she blew her only chance.
'entertainment weekly' critic lets director redo 'sorority row' for better grade
they had marital problems at the time.) how did i get these comments?
she's in a really demanding job, and in 2015 - 16 (before our son was born), she was put on a project that required her to be away from home / out of state quite frequently.
maid dreams children will one day be maids in wealthier households
bus passenger suspects man in next seat might be having conversation with him
literary historians uncover collection of breezy, upbeat edgar allan poe writings penned after author took up jogging
i explained the distance was an issue and nothing against him.
given i was looking at my study guide on my phone which is against the rules am i the asshole for thinking that since i'm paying for the class and it's my education it should really be none of that students business?
consumption of buncha crunch reverently paused during unsettling scenes of 'american sniper'
for a few weeks, we honor his request, however eventually we end up smoking on the couches.
the kid ended up threatening to put hands on him and he did, my son's arm ended up being broken.
it instantly reminded me of when i was in the same situation ttt was in, and my friends made fun of me on a livestream.
depressed wolf blitzer locks self in situation room
i kept calling her and she wouldn’t pick up.
after the coordinator left, i was there at the table by myself.
one of her friends looked at me and said "what?!" kinda angrily, i turned around to try to just avoid it i guess and she said "what are you looking at?!".
recently, she's been trying to find clothes that she can wear to a party, complaining that everywhere she goes, nothing is in her size.
i understand if i'm playing music late at night (when we have quiet hours after 10pm on weekdays and 12am on weekends) or during finals week/hell week i turn it down.
still, my condition does not stop me from attempting to get into situations where sensory overstimulation may occur (such as a party/club), after all, i cant just crawl into my shell all day long everyday.
son of edward r. murrow says father 'real dirtbag' compared to onion reporters
north korea tests out new knife in smaller escalation of threats to u.s.
(they are 11 and 2 years old respectively, i'm 18.).
aita for telling her about my interests?
researchers observe chimpanzees using pro tools
one day he showed up to my house after i invited him to chill, and he appeared to be tripping.
and we can't wear them at the same time, because it's a weird look.
the girl and i agreed on meeting the saturday (5th january).
i told her she was overreacting, which became the second nail in my coffin.
we didn't talk anymore about it, but the rest of the weekend was a little tense between the people on the opposing sides of the conversation.
but what makes me think i’m not an asshole is that i think that his childhood would just get worse the more lonely and unfulfilled i feel and that he’s better off with a more stable family.
a-i know that you meant it as an obvious inappropriate joke and no i don’t need to see what other people have sent back.
love you xxx i replied >?
exxon donates $70 million to clean up portland man's life
[----] i'm putting this part at the end cause it's less related.
but i outted him in front of my cousins who i’m certain relayed the info to my uncle and father.
now, i've seen adderall do bad stuff to people...
everything in power done to appear interesting to attractive woman on subway
man assumed celebrity sighting would do more for his career
lapd going about day in uncomfortable silence
however my brother's computer did and he wasn't using it at the time, so i asked him if he would be willing to let me use his computer and set up my soundbar on it and we could just stream the movie from his computer to the tv.
but i found it mean to not invite him to this large and fun event.
but here's the thing now, i definitely don't forgive him for what he did to me but i also don't want him to change or repent.
panicked man looking for son stressing everybody out
trees planted in poor neighborhood mature just in time for gentrification
grandmother proud to have lived long enough to see first viable female candidate torn apart
experts point to long, glorious history of successful u.s. bombing campaigns
gifts from aunt already under tree
well, recently shes been coming to work sadder and sadder, or i guess quieter and quieter.
as part of his adoption she gave him a new middle and last name, both of which i already have.
i even offered to book a last-minute trip somewhere closer where i could go with my id card.
millions of white nationalists gather in streets, offices around country to normally go about day
she's expressed that she is open to keeping the baby, but she doesn't say whether she really wants to or not.
i also teach medical school students in small-group sessions, so have scheduled teaching sessions where they would have to find a back-up tutor if i cancel on short notice, or they would need to reschedule those students.
i messaged him last night to say that i'm having a sleepover with my male friend (let's call him b).
update: literaly right after i postwd this he said that since the joke i said came from a jew it was ok.
aita for abandoning my friend on lsd in the woods and ruining his life for a year?
national weather service to give hurricanes full names
said friend stormed off to another cabinet.
i’m literally quietly sitting there eating these pretzels out of my pocket and this old lady taps me on the shoulder asks “are you eating?” me: “yes” her: “well you should stop.” me: “is it bothering you?” her: “no, but those are the rules” so i turn around and continue.
restaurant patrons rapidly losing faith parents going to do something about 4-year-old
dewey decimal system helpless to categorize new jim belushi book
i told my girlfriend what happened on a whim yesterday and she got really angry at me, told me that my dad and i violated her trust, and that giving the cat meds was extremely stupid.
house of blues opens drive-thru window
bill clinton admits that knowing what he knows now he would have still preyed on women
paul ryan sitting among undecided voters at town hall debate
so bitch1 posts a snap of her and bitch2, bitch1 looks so great, but her friend looked straight up fat (even though she has a nice curvy body in person and all her other photos.) i sent a pm saying "your mean for posting this, it's so unflattering😂" trying to make light of it.
we suggested that we talk about it when he was home.
sony scores big win for playstation 5 after poaching yoshi from nintendo with 10-year $400 million contract
thanks for all the honest answers.
senior-center residents debate new anchorwoman's ethnicity for fifth straight evening
sometimes i'd get a response that made sense.
she also is very clingy and..
nra calls for teachers to keep loaded gun pointed at class for entire school day
scholars say constitution is open to differing interpretations because nobody can read that crazy script
white house honors aretha franklin by not releasing official statement on her death
so a few days ago me and my husband got into an argument about politics, he is republican and i'm a democrat so we differ on opinions about abortion, we usually just ignore our political differences but this time the argument was big, eventually he started yelling and mocking me, and in my fit of rage i hit him.
last thing government worker needed was agency labeling him 'nonessential'
i am living my dream as a fire fighter.
but two hours was too long for me today since i had a few appointments coming up and i told the first guy bruce as much.
but is that even an excuse?
i go home with her, and we have sex multiple times that evening, and the next day.
**a week later** - text wilson about the whole situation cos me and him, out of everyone, are still kinda "good" or neutral at least, and come to learn that bill went behind my back about a month after our excommunication and made amends with all them and started hanging out in secret.
liberals horrified by lack of inexperience among obama appointees
that's cool and it's your choice who you want to be around.
hundreds of miniature sean hannitys burst from roger ailes' corpse
heroic police officer talks man down from edge of purchasing subway footlong sweet onion chicken teriyaki
i told her i loved her and that i just was tired.
couple stressing about wedding plans as if it won't just take a string of edison bulbs to knock guests' fucking socks off
the last thing i did was ask to have the driver’s contact info or for them to pass mine along to him so that he could get in touch with me.
i don’t want him to meet them and when i told him this it blew up into massive argument with him yelling at me and questioning why i’m keeping a big part of my life a secret from him (it’s not as big as he thinks it is but more on that later) and kicking me out of our apartment so he has time to think about our relationship.
wibta if i got a mate laid?
i think this is ridiculous because my girlfriend and i don’t even hang out at the same time that john and i usually do.
climatologists secure funding to breed glaciers in captivity
i’m so shy and timid and they probably see me as an asshole.
god excited about first trip to japan
it's been a while her: yeah dude sounds good.
now he is mad at me and feels i was in the wrong.
unemployed man vows to wake up early, finish watching movie
on the way out, i actually asked to talk to him and he told me that if it was him he would be pissed and in fact he said he would have made a huge scene and he commended me for my peacefulness.
woman 7 golden retrievers short of childhood vision
she had a retirement fund that after splitting, before taxes, each of us will get around $53k.
aita for hanging out with a close friend that’s also an ex
i fucked up, she caught me off guard and i regret that day.
my mother has a long history of being emotionally abusive and my relationship with her is extremely strained, but it's a really sweet apartment in a good area and has been rent controlled for fifteen years.
she has a particular medical condition, but that’s her business.
point in evening reached where everyone tries to lift biggest friend
i asked why they didn't pull me over in the first place if they thought my driving was bad?
i also felt like they could just say, 'no, i'll just go with you,' and it's not my fault they felt the need to be polite..if that makes sense.
&#x200b; so when my friends and i first started discussing the trip, i asked if it would be alright for my guy to come along.
aita for not pulling forward in a drivethru?
i am not homophobic, it's just against my religion.
i never felt bad for this, which i guess is a potentially other am i the asshole.
aita for playing a harmless joke on someone who forgot to log out of a school computer?
but lately they've been having a hard time and been fighting.
christian theme park features world's largest spanking machine
area dog's rock bottom same as his peak
report: 32% of prayers deflected off passing satellites
i didn’t realize that this had happened and i started to feel really bad.
steven spielberg criticizes netflix for ruining golden age of pandering big-budget corporate films
(was called asperger's back in the day.) i tried to share but to no avail.
it might do her some justice anyway.
so i look at her work (all our work was shared upon completion and after grading) and all her papers are super good and professional which seems off so i do a plagiarism check.
jamie dimon cites relentless desire to watch a person die up close as inspiration for starting healthcare company
as cold as it may sound, how the hell is that my problem?
** aita for taking advantage of the fact that my girlfriend only likes sex when drunk?
poll finds majority of americans would like things to go right for once
they recently got the persona rhythm game and i got moonlighter.
world's oldest woman just pleased every other human on earth when she was born now dead
badass churchgoer doesn't even have to look at hymnal
bin laden vineyard falling into disrepair
conversational lamprey slowly draining life from dinner party
amazon 1-click bankrupts area parkinson's sufferer
i text a few friends and they all agree that i need to talk to them so i start formulating what i want to say to them.
i got scared because it sounded like someone had broken in and the statement “*oh shit she’s in there*” sounds like someone making a hasty decision to peel out.
aita if i drive all the way down to the end of a merge lane?
some unique private servers get very popular and can even make money.
'farm aid aid' concert to benefit struggling farm aid concerts
so, yes i’m on a alt for many reasons.
norad takes area vagina to femstat 3
report: increasing number of u.s. toddlers attending online preschool
u.s. fish and wildlife service reintroduces straw hat-wearing boys to old fishin' holes
i was tired from the night before and try to get some rest.
record-store clerk gazes down from on high in aloof indifference
now he story is is that the boy came out as gay, was bullied for it and then killed himself.
it’s now the second of jan, and we still haven’t talked, he’s sent two texts that i’ve ignored.
they knew my dream stagette was a trip to new orleans.
spoon's weight topples pint in jarring reminder of how much ice cream area man ate in one sitting
perot may lead first mars expedition 'only if the people of mars ask me to,' he says
however, i cannot and will not touch any feminine hygiene products.
just heightened emotions, distorted visuals, brighter colors, etc.
aita for blaming and wanting to yell at her for this deterioration?
so after class i went to the bathroom to take a piss and there were some guys in there i knew so i made sure to wash my hands this time.
she also thanked me for it on the posts.
but i am so the opposite of a cat person that even average is bad.
it just so happened that my japanese university would be pretty close to her family's house (though not her university, which is in ōsaka), so we decided to meet again after her return to japan, as she had decided to stay at her parents' for a few days.
gorillagram employee shot by white house security
'100% of teenagers huge fucking assholes,' confirms study by sobbing, red-faced scientists
i didn't want to give him a bad taste of a beautiful sub by immediately getting him banned, so i simply told him to delete his post.
writer unwilling to admit his screenplay perfect fit for justin long
i said something like yeah it's fine, then i left.
pope francis rides into st. peter's square on giant glowing lamb for easter mass
(side note: i don't have any allergies at all and neither does anyone in my family or any of my friends.
in another subreddit, public freakout, there is a video of a white woman sitting at a table who tells the woman recording that she doesn’t want her to sit by her because she had dark skin, and that she would prefer that america be all white.
she has had a past relationship that lasted about 8 months with a guy who forced her to do sexual things she didn't want to do, like showing her breasts, etc.
other nurse thought it was funny
fd&c blue #5 to restore beauty of world's oceans
thomas edison invents marketing other people's ideas
olympic speed skater thinking about maybe taking out the garbage
just to clarify, the reason she didn't want to go is because she doesn't want to deal with people and try and keep kids behaving by herself.
my problem is, i am making myself a pot roast tonight and i spent quite a bit of money on the materials (chuck roast is pricey) and i was hoping to be able to eat the whole thing over a few days.
obama to assure nation that isis campaign will be drawn-out ordeal they're used to
also note that both migraines and ts are neurological conditions.
my friend and i decided to have a night out at a local club to celebrate her newfound job (shes been jobless for a few months) and just to have a good time in general.
the next day he sends a very hostile message asking us to do him a favour and next time my wife was visiting not to ask him not to be in the house he rents from us.
i was (and still am) pissed, and wasnt very rational in my acts and thinking.
i find this funny, so i am pretending to be sleeping and never mention.
scandal: mccain won miss congeniality of u.s. senate in 2000, 2003
while i am away they come to the store claim it was stolen and pressure the other guy working there into making a 7 dollar donation out of his own pocket.
i know that i should be supportive and i'm trying to be but everytime we talk about it we end up fighting.
so this richard-head is talking about selling adderall to gamers, but claims not to do it much, but within a week later he is talking about getting some and wants to give my friend some.
report: store out of good kind
i have no history of lying to him, nor deception in any past relationships, and i have been very careful to ensure if he pays for something, and i need to reimburse my half, that i always pay him promptly.
aita for thinking this it totally inappropriate?
to put this in context, i'm fairly busy.
real estate agent warns syrian couple about neighborhood's high war crime rate
trump gives intelligence agencies their daily briefing
presidential debate sidetracked by booker, de blasio arguing about best place in lower manhattan to get tapas
she's quite younger than me (she's 20 i'm 27).
2" x 2" vegetarian section granted on backyard grill
aita for yelling back at someone after almost hitting him in the face.
although i could just be being a brat about this.
i just see you as a really good friend".
so obviously i got super upset, i feel like i shouldn't have to do that, i think i'm trying enough for her sake and doing stuff around the house much more frequently than when i was living on my own, and i got super fed up with her sour face cause i didn't clean.
as she did this, one of the full timers pulled me aside and we walked to the side of the restaurant and talked.
all over a simple request from my end.
aita for being very childish to a stranger who gave me a preach about passing a red light?
divorced father buys string cheese to make coming to his place fun
supreme court agrees to disagree on abortion issue
i've told him i don't want to ruin our friendship, and i worry if we continue the way we are, i'd be at risk of going behind his back to seek out a sexual partner, but he just tells me that if we broke up he doesn't imagine he'd be able to be near me without feeling immense pain.
the part that really bothered me was the fact that she would spend money to change her appearance, albeit slightly, because she wasn't satisfied with the way she looks.
its dark humor, and an acquired taste.
he thereafter claims that he didn't even make the selection of speakers and that they were selected by a council (but i think that's tenuous since even *if* there was a council, he makes the final decision).
study finds only 20% of seminary graduates go on to become god
i was walking my dog in my neighborhood and came to a crosswalk that was blocked by a parked car.
nation's women fantasize about some future election that isn't absolutely pivotal to their well-being
nation did not see mark wahlberg's sex change coming
grown man refers to map at beginning of novel to find out where ruined castle of arnoth is located
my parents divorced when i was 10 and dad moved out, then when i was 18 my mom moved to our other house in city suburbs (our mutual decision, she wanted to live outside of the big city and i wanted to live on my own).
area man treats girlfriend to sumptuous 20-second massage
i call her to ask her for a jump, she says she can’t do it.
i'm even going to see a therapist, though it's not helping; i'm still overcome with guilt at the thought of breaking it off.
in fact the first day they shook my hand briefly, they were so smiley, cute and they all introduced me to everyone—it was so adorable.
-we are facetiming late at night when i fall asleep after she had been gone for about 1 minute to do something (i forgot).
thank you guys for making our night!
lastly, the aesthetics clinics i work at definitely have clients who expect i be there on their scheduled appointment availabilities, otherwise they might just go elsewhere for their botox/filler needs, and not come back to the clinic again.
i also don't want to limit myself to looking for work near her because there's not as much there, so i'm looking around back home.
this actually good news, contractor reveals, because now you know the real problem
i explained that to her and she tells me that they don't accept paper ids or expired ids (which is funny cause the card id i had a couple weeks ago expired in march and she personal accepted it).
date rapist tossing his mortarboard into air 3 rows in front of you
son never showed such dedication until starting football hazing
scientists claim solar energy will be capable of powering 95% of scorchlands outposts by 2085
trump confirms all violent options on the table in venezuela
i know i'm super lucky to have met someone who will talk me through anything.
i was busy with a group of children in another area.
i just moved to a new state and am staying with my boyfriend’s mom until i can move in with one of his friends.
couple tired of always having same knife fight
when i revealed to her that i really liked her she said she always thought of me as a friend and had started seeing a guy even though she never gave any indication of that to me.
he also has his job title and workplace prominently displayed on his instagram.
my mom buys these really good microwaveable personal pizzas.
now she is upset with me because i pointed this out.
and secondly, if i am the asshole, how could i have handled the situation better (after liking the photo)?
my friend is bad at games, he plays a lot and on some days i feel like i'm an asshole to him.
one day, we were facetiming and he just said “oh i have a crush on somebody!” i was confused, because i knew he had a girlfriend.
now he’s not replying to any messages.
my fiancé, the streamer, is a different female.
i explained that is not how apologies work and that i was annoyed because she wasn’t doing as she was told.
i tend to lie to my friends a lot.
i told her to call a nurse and ask if she should go in and seek treatment.
he said he’d make it up to her by ending our camping trip immediately and taking a shortcut to get us back in time for plan b.
i have been in an ineffective rage for the last five days over this shit.
we have never seen each other completely naked or touched each others private parts.
sound designer hits celery with hammer in performance of oscars best sound mixing
we've been arguing about it for the past few days, the concert is tomorrow and we can't come to any kind of agreement, she flat out refuses to listen to my reasoning and is telling me i can't go.
this desision seemed to have come so out of left field that i kind of feel he won't stay a male and switch back because of how sudden it is so me and my friends have made a few jokes about it (but i think it's mainly just cause i don't like him i'm not transphobic) i probably am an asshole but not a transphobic one aita for making fun of a transgender?
she later admitted to me that she wasn’t forced and they had intercourse several times before.
successful u.s. airstrike kills 30 iraqis who may as well have been terrorists
cleveland indians owner admits chief wahoo no longer compatible with modern revenue growth expectations
kim jong-un wonders if nuclear threats distracting him from real goal of starving citizenry
he is honestly a great person, i just believe he has zero idea about the real world because he chooses to live under my mothers thumb.
he assured me he wasn't, so the fact that he ended up dating her anyway just made me damn insecure.
i decided to commute from college voluntarily which involves a moderate hour commute each way every day and i’m paying for the insurance of the vehicle which amounts to somewhere around $2000 usd each year.
death of 12 schoolchildren makes perfect sense
report: most small businesses fail in first 6 hours of being on fire
i have spent way too much time on the phone with them trying to sort it out.
it annoyed me mostly for the fact that we had just gotten there the day before and i really didn't want to spend the rest of the trip sick.
new gop tax plan requires welfare recipients to apply for each individual piece of food
&#x200b; edit thank you for the comments, i know i'm ta now.
17-year-old thinks she's getting into photography
i asked him why he didn't help me to learn with him, and he said that he knows i hate cantonese and that it stresses me out because i'm bad at it and he just wanted to impress my family.
i’m just so sick of her shit.
uneventful past finally catches up to boring man
man defends home state's license plate design
me: nah that's okay i really dont want to do much more than that it's kind of scary shit.
woman apologizes for what appears to be clean house
boss's clout evaporates after he's seen in shorts at company picnic
saudi operative mortified after surveillance footage reveals he wore same outfit as khashoggi
uninformed buffoon barely comprehends conversation about taylor swift
in my frustration, i put my hands on my head and she immediately followed with “why are you making this about you?” i tried to explain that i was struggling with each month getting our hopes up and that she probably felt the same way.
white house security officials relieved ivanka trump's computer just cardboard box with mirror on it
biden's buffalo wing challenge dinner not sitting too well
chris wallace receives cease-and-desist letter from trump organization in middle of questioning candidate about groping allegations
she had a book of mine for a while, and when i got it back the pages were obviously damaged with water.
white house flag now moving minute to minute to indicate trump's mood
neighbor shouted that he wants to try "introducing" the dogs from their yard.
asian man has thing for asian women
now, you’re probably thinking that i couldn’t have possibly done that because reddit applies spam filters to accounts first, then ip addresses.
-i didn’t take all of the candy, just about a couple dozen cups.
naked man mingles freely in locker room
'this map will change the way you see westeros,' reports never-ending cascade of subhuman bullshit
my husband says i'm being the asshole.
was there a baby in the car?
this is more of are we the assholes as my wife and i are on the same page here.
i flipped, i said that she tricked me, and she was a lie and a lier, and to get out before i do or say something that i cant take back.
to start off, i am a 27 year old single white male and i found out i got a woman of a different race pregnant.
justice roberts stops in middle of oath of office to remind audience this just his job
oh, and they’ll pay for my bachelors.
dead facebook friend from high school still has cartman profile picture
i did forget to mention mom did say i don’t have to pay for my half of the stove.
scientists confirm first case of zika transmission from article to reader
aita if i think my girlfriend is milking her dad being in the hospital?
we both use the tv often.
so after jogging towards him and he's still recording i purposefully collide with him (he was standing still recording the whole time) and his phone slips out of his hand, falls and cracks.
we were never joke together so we just stopped talking.
possibly the biggest issue is that this guy doesn’t seem to want to offer physical affection, and literally sets a timer for cuddles.
a lot of their savings has gone into medical bills and my grandpa‘s new teeth but they still want to give „valuable gifts.“ it‘s okay he didn't like this exact shirt but i feel like he‘s not being grateful for their gesture and kinda of just throwing their money away by not even trying to actually get one he will like and use so their money wasn't wasted.
visa calls indians to confirm they actually did intend to take on more salary
a little backstory, when i was ~14 years old, (21 now) my parents split up between thanksgiving and christmas, and it really messed with my head.
harper lee announces third novel, 'my excellent caretaker deserves my entire fortune'
i've ignored his texts and i don't plan on talking or hanging out with him again.
i have no other way of getting to school and i can't change the bus times...
air force one pilot invites excited obama into cockpit
i'm 39 and she's 31, so we are not young.
the cat has got some sort of stomach issue where he vomits constantly.
nation's sports fans demand to spend $21.99 on something
of course this will be a surprise to my brother and sil as well.
right now, i do not have empathy for you.
'greatest story ever told' has gimmicky deus ex machina ending
boss able to seamlessly blend constructive criticism with personal attacks
i kinda said "yeah, whatever" cause i didn't want to upset her nor wanted her to leave, we talked and laughed for hours after this.
i'm trying to find out what i did wrong.
(in case it matters i've been with the company about 3 years and were both in our mid twenties) &#x200b; so on to the issue, it happened over the past 2 weeks and i'll explain it in the order it happened.
clear american sky a constant reminder of industrial inferiority
they take her very much for granted, and expect her to do things for them without any consideration of her life or her feelings.
she keeps insisting she did it for me and i keep telling her outright i specifically told her that she knew i wasn't cool with that shit so i have no idea why she'd "do it for me." i returned the money she said she spent on the shoot and communication has been very strained.
flash foward to now, he won't stop asking to hang out with us and go to the range all that...
cormac mccarthy flaunts sexy new beach body
i dont think i was out of line, but she did only have a sweatshirt which is not the best in freezing weather.
i pay 500 a month, everything included.
i’m broken every time i see my grades.
nation satisfied as selena gomez completes transition into sexualized plaything
i was looking for a gift for my sister.
sorry for the long post in advance, there is just a lot to cover here.
by now the baby is almost a year old but she still wouldn't remember a name from this period.
i started screaming and tried to get the bird away and ended up getting all scratched up and bloody in the process.
aita for requesting credit on my meme
so, maybe 30 to 35 people removed.
now that this is suddenly \*real\*, i am a little caught off guard and also pretty sure i don't want my girlfriend going on an international vacation with two men.
he does a lot of therapy, but nothing ever seems to work.
overall he's a chilled person and i have no real issues with him.
report: chip in mug right where mouth goes
i am a undergraduate planning to attend uni in the spring.
man straight-up demands to know how many siblings coworker has
'onion book of known knowledge' contains cure for hiv
cashier allows line-cutting to go unpunished
conversation with boss puts man an hour behind
mark zuckerberg insists anyone with same skewed values and unrelenting thirst for power could have made same mistakes
i say, "thanks." nothing else the whole night.
report: 93% of drunk drivers get home just fine
we knew each other before she and alex dated but i didn't really become good friends with kendra until they started dating.
the situation is: i(male) have been walking my dog with my best friend for close to a year now, she is rather attractive and likes the same stuff i do, and during the walks we mostly talk about our days.
but i don’t wanna be an asshole so just let me know if i absolutely am one please.
(this is all written directly from the texts spelling errors and all) &#x200b; she told me on the phone after this that i should have to apologize to her for taking what she said in a different context.
aita for always giving uber drivers 4 stars?
wedding album off to bizarre start with photo of 2 acorns floating in glass of water
oxford english dictionary to add 'skype' and 'coat' to latest edition
critics worried new cia report puts u.s. at considerable risk of transparency
she sibling-zoned him (essentially a friend zone but treating him like part of the family, “you’re like a brother to me” kind of thing) super hard but he wanted a relationship.
he does this once a week.
man always gets little rush out of telling people john lennon beat wife
she said she was about 2 years away from moving to the city i'm in.
and i didn't believed her that time either.
and what she had to say to the 19 titanium screws in my wife's spine is "world's smallest violin." at that point i wasn't going to thanklessly fight with my wife on her account.
often after this, dad would say something along the lines of “yes, she”, indicating (to me) that he saw his mistake and wanted to correct it.
ikea ceo wants new desk on his desk by end of day
-- i regularly nudge, jostle and sometimes push people exiting airplanes.
which just annoyed me because i wanted to resolve the issue since i could see it was important to her.
possum gazes longingly at family walking dog
&#x200b; if i am said asshole: how can i fix this or at least amend my request, i think part of this is reconciliation.
i've been a part if a grop of adults that get together to play dnd every week for about 3 years now.
sometimes she decides to hang out with me and the kids and we hang out together too.
wibta if we meet again in the future and call him out straight away when he's doing the same thing again instead of telling his dad for a second time?
&#x200b; me and my 2 friends sit at the table right next to her and her friend kayla, sometimes accompanied by up to 3 other people, but they are irrelevant to this.
then again, the, "an absolute jerk" part probably triggered them.
she is lucky that she has this naturally "curvy" waistline to hip and shoulders but a couple things do honestly bother me.
so today i finally decided to tell rose's mother...
my so and i are both playing games in our game room with our tvs right next to each other.
but i normally see employees take turns and stagger their time off so that their work and livelihood is covered.
the next day she comes in complaining that somebody egged and keyed her car, she said her neighbor did it which meant i was off the hook.
child getting pretty cozy with stranger's leg
also he has repeatly not respected my boundaries and feelings ex.
man unknowingly purchases lifetime supply of condoms
she's living off of her trust fund.
i'll ignore all calls and texts for a week and then lie and say my phone was being was repaired.
i yelled at them and told them to leave.
i have no interest in joining their sexcapades or telling anyone who they should or shouldn't sleep with.
led bulb coming to terms with fact that it will outlive all its friends
et, access hollywood, tmz choppers hovering above scene of gruesome red carpet dress
i asked him to try to think of more options.
'the natural' not on tv often enough for area dad
internet not quite done milking cory monteith's death for all it worth
man makes quick call to parents so next week's call to ask for money doesn't seem that bad
evangelical church strips away all the frills and pomp of catholic molestation
family comes first, reports man trying to get out of work
that is impossible for me because i haven't left my love for games phase yet.
bolton: 'we will not be drawn into a lengthy ground war in syria—although, saying it out loud, that sounds incredible'
apparently facebook friend under impression ron paul still running for major federal office
everyone is that shitty to me, at least i'm an egalitarian though.
report: only one in every 150,000 dead children becomes angel
i initially listed it for $50, and no takers after a week.
somehow him going so often and getting so much done so fast is getting me mad.
james holmes shows up to court wearing glasses with eyeballs dangling out on springs
someone came in, had some kind of urgent need and they got called back before i did.
bob dole for windows to replace bob dole 4.0
i recently told this story to a couple of newer friends and they told me they thought that what i did was kind of fucked up which got me wondering, aita in this story?
radical islamic extremists snowboard into u.s. embassy
&#x200b; we decided the next day to just exchange the ring and i just picked it - which i hated to do because i wanted him to pick it but i thought i had done a better job of explaining my style..
expense-account wizard transforms prostitute into color copies
boehner hoping to remain leader of republican parties
i eventually talk with my manager, who is on these calls, about him and his useless tangents, who seemed appalled that i even brought this topic up.
i asked him how long he knew about this and he said he’s not sure - he forgot to mention it.
new epa regulations would force power plants to find 30% more loopholes by 2030
mark zuckerberg promises that misuse of facebook user data will happen again and again
new contraception law would require teenagers to consult with 3 different peers before selecting birth control method
we live by ourselves in a city, and the rest of our family lives somewhere else.
weird man begins every morning by dousing his naked body in water
man with stupid breaks off co-dependent relationship
if so, feel free to remove this post.
they now harass me very frequently.
i have to admit that at that point i did become a little embarrassed and instead of just walking in i said "hey do you guys got any paper towels in here?" she looked shocked and her face said "why do you think this is okay" and she said "okay?
when one of the other colleagues passed by i asked what was wrong with kate, out of curiosity.
daddy issues worked out on dance floor
i felt nauseated and very lightheaded.
for starters, i don't believe i am an offensive person by any means.
at the time i disagreed with this and besides b denied what she had done and didn’t seem to hold much remorse.
so when she confided in me, i guess she didn't like my responses.
white house insists it won't dictate the manner in which kavanaugh exonerated
first meeting with the team, things are already being derailed, times being wasted.
am i going to be able to live with myself if i don't pull right the fuck over right the fuck now?
officemax employee was here when gel pens were big
they drive her everywhere and go to all of her appointments with her etc.
girlfriend to stay underneath blanket for next 5 months
psychic-phone-line customer used to be closed-minded just like her friends
this "wedding present" as it was referred to by both the sister-in-law and the father-in-law seemingly nullified the $4k we owed sister-in-law on paper.
sight of o.j. simpson actually kind of comforting
so i'm excited about planning something amazing!!
new study finds humans shouldn't spend more than 5 consecutive hours together
she was all over me though!!
obama sarcastically asks how israel afforded such a great missile defense system
we just got the fifth one today.
fast forward to yesterday, she asked me if she could go over for a couple christmas joints.
don't judge me on that, because i could not have helped that part, but i still need insight on why it's wrong/right for me to feel this way.
so i decided to rehome spacey.
2 weeks ago they did some work and it was awful, copied from a book so me and person 2 told them to start again.
tired but changed-for-the-better friends meet at bar to discuss their thematically linked days
i met kendra through bill, our mutual friend who moved away.
barbara bush calls white house to see if she can leave husband there for few hours
i had a crush on him since basically freshman year but i knew he was dating this girl.
i'm not a fan of social engagements, especially with the potential for fighting of religion and politics at holiday meals.
aunt scores big with nephews by dropping bombshell story about mom smoking weed as teenager
yosemite national park completes construction on new 6-lane scenic driving trail
anyway, i'm pretty sore about the selection.
so i guess i thought ghosting was the best thing to do for some reason.
thank you for all the votes.
excited patient points out organ he wants from kidney tank in hospital lobby
my dog just wants to lay down and the cousin wakes him up to pet him and try to play.
oat farmer seriously thinking about getting into barley
for our senior trip, fred was always with wilma and, again, never hung out with us.
just wanted to hear your opinions.
death of miss moneypenny all tnt needed to run monthlong bond marathon
